9GAG , Inc. ( 9GAG ) takes the private nature of your personal information very seriously .
This privacy policy , which we adapted from a policy originally provided by Automattic ( WordPress.com ) , describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit and use our websites .
Please read this notice very carefully .
Like most website operators , 9GAG collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the date and time of each visitor request .
9GAG 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how 9GAG 's visitors use its website .
From time to time , 9GAG may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate , e.g . by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website .
9GAG also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
9GAG does not use such information to identify its visitors , and does not disclose such information , other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information , as described below .
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to 9GAG 's websites choose to interact with 9GAG in ways that require 9GAG to gather personally-identifying information .
The amount and type of information that 9GAG gathers depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who sign up for 9GAG.com to provide a username and email address .
In each case , 9GAG collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor 's interaction with 9GAG .
9GAG does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities .
9GAG may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites .
For instance , 9GAG may monitor the most popular collections on 9GAG.com .
9GAG may display this information publicly or provide it to others .
However , 9GAG does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
9GAG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees , contractors and affiliated organizations that ( i ) need to know that information in order to process it on 9GAG 's behalf or to provide services available at 9GAG 's websites , and ( ii ) that have agreed not to disclose it to others .
Some of those employees , contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country ; by using 9GAG 's websites , you consent to the transfer of such information to them .
In addition , in some cases we may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred .
Moreover , if 9GAG or substantially all of its assets were acquired , or in the unlikely event that 9GAG goes out of business or enters bankruptcy , user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquiror of 9GAG may continue to use your personal and non-personal information only as set forth in this policy .
Otherwise , 9GAG will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone .
Other than to its employees , contractors and affiliated organizations , as described above , 9GAG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law , or when 9GAG believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 9GAG , third parties or the public at large .
If you are a registered user of a 9GAG website and have supplied your email address , 9GAG may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with 9GAG and its products .
If you send us a request ( for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms ) , we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users .
9GAG takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information .
You should also be aware that if you submit information to chat rooms , forums or message boards such information becomes public information , meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have with regards to that information .
Such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving unwanted communications .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
9GAG uses cookies to help 9GAG identify and track visitors , their usage of 9GAG websites , and their website access preferences .
9GAG visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 9GAG 's websites , with the drawback that certain features of 9GAG 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
Ads appearing on any 9GAG websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners , who may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer .
This information allows ad networks to , among other things , deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by 9GAG and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Links to Third Party Sites
This privacy policy only applies to information collected by 9GAG .
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that 9GAG does not own or control , or employees that 9GAG does not manage .
A 9GAG website may contain links to third party websites .
Any information you provide to , or that is collected by , third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites , if any .
We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit .
It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your personally-identifying information , and 9GAG and its affiliates shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your personally-identifying information by any third party .
All non-personally-identifying information , potentially personally-identifying and personally identifying-information described above is stored on restricted database servers .
If we ever send you information by email concerning new products , services or information that you did not expressly request , we will provide you with an email address by which you may request no further notices .
Any external address book data ( email contacts , etc . ) that a user voluntarily gives 9GAG access to will only be used for the described feature ( looking up friends , etc . ) , and will not be stored or repurposed .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , 9GAG may change its privacy policy from time to time , and in 9GAG 's sole discretion .
9GAG encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy .
Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our sites in general , please contact us .

Download the ABC Privacy Policy
The ABC is strongly committed to protecting your privacy when you interact with us , our content , products and services .
Our goal is to provide you and your family with media experiences that inform , entertain and educate .
Sometimes this means that we use information that you provide to us about yourself to customise that experience .
We do this to improve your enjoyment of our products and services .
In providing our services to you , the ABC will be transparent about how and why we collect and use your information .
In some cases , if you do not want us to collect or use your information in a particular way , then we will give you the opportunity to say so .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain :
the application of this Privacy Policy
the kind of information the ABC may collect about you , how we collect it , and how we use it
how we may disclose that information
how you can access the information we hold about you
when we may use your information to contact you
the protection of your personal information
the ABC 's use of cookies to collect information , and how you can control or delete these cookies
additional steps to protect young people
how and why we collect and use additional information when you visit the ABC Shop .
Application of this privacy policy
The ABC 's Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by the ABC , whether we have asked for the information or not .
In accordance with s7 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Privacy Act , it does not apply to acts done , or a practices engaged in , in relation to its program material .
In most cases , such acts and practices are governed by the ABC Editorial Policies and ABC Code of Practice .
This policy applies only to the ABC .
It does not apply to any other company or organisation , including those whose digital services have links to ABC content or services .
Third party services which have links to ABC content or services will govern the use of personal information you submit to them , which may also be collected by cookies when you visit or use them .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party digital services .
This policy applies to ABC Shops .
The ABC Shop is a multichannel retailer with stores Australia-wide , and includes online shopping at , abcshop.com.au .
The ABC will review its privacy policy regularly , and may update it from time to time .
If we make changes , we will post those changes here .
Collection and use of personal information
2.1 Why we collect personal information
The ABC collects personal information about you :
because you have provided it to us , for instance if you contact us to make comments , complaints or to ask us questions , or you have interacted with one of our digital services ( including online and mobile services ) , for instance by participating in forums , polls or competitions ;
because we need it to provide a product or service that you have requested , for instance , if you subscribe to an email list or loyalty program , enter a competition , or purchase products from the ABC ;
because we would like to improve our services , for instance through the collection and analysis of statistical and research data and use of cookies ( see below ) ;
because you work for us , or apply to us for a job , a cadetship or work experience ;
for purposes directly related to any of the above .
2.2 How we collect information when you use a digital service ( including online and mobile services )
Broadly , there are two types of information or data we collect :
Information that you specifically give us
For example , you may provide information about yourself when you are filling in a form or when you sign up to a service .
This type of information may include your name , email address and age .
The information that you give us may be :
Personal information that is required .
In some instances , you must provide personal information if you wish to use a particular service or participate in an activity .
For example , your age may be required if we need to confirm that you are old enough to use a particular service .
Personal information that is optional .
You may choose to provide some personal information which is not required but is directly related to the ABC 's functions or activities .
Usually this type of information will enable the ABC to improve or broaden the services we can offer you .
If you choose not to provide this optional information , we would still be able to offer you the service , but perhaps with fewer options than if you had provided the optional information .
For example , if you tell us your interests in a particular area , we may be able to provide you with specific ABC content that matches your interests .
If you provide us with unsolicited information that we do not require or which is not directly related to the ABC 's functions or activities , the ABC may be required to destroy or de-identify that information , provided it is lawful and reasonable to do so .
Sometimes you will be asked to confirm that you agree to a particular activity .
For example , you may need to expressly agree that you would like to receive a newsletter or to confirm that you agree to the terms and conditions of a competition .
`` Some personal information that you provide is completely up to you .
For instance , you can choose to like ' an ABC TV program on its Facebook page , or not .
You may be able to make changes to the information you provided us ( for example , if you change your email address ) or withdraw the permission you gave us for a particular service .
We will make it clear how you do that .
Data we collect that tracks your activity
The ABC automatically gathers information to monitor the use of its digital services ( including online and mobile services ) , like the numbers and frequency of visitors to ABC websites .
This information helps us improve our services by learning what our audiences use and do n't use .
It can also help us identify if there are any problems with our services that need fixing .
This data is usually collected using cookies ' .
Cookies ' are small files that are stored on your browser .
Further information about the ABC 's use of cookies is provided below .
Most of the data we collect is aggregated , and this information is effectively anonymous to us .
In some cases we may collect data that can be linked to you individually .
For example , when you log in to an ABC digital service as a registered user , we may store records of information such as the comments you make , the pages you viewed or links you click on .
Similarly , if you use our email newsletters we may collect data about the mailings you open and the links you click on from that newsletter .
As well as helping to improve our services , we may use this data to provide recommendations that you might find helpful based on your activity .
In some cases , a digital profile may be formed based on your activity .
We do this in order to improve your experience ( for instance , because some services may allow you to build a profile which earns different privileges ) ; or to improve our ability to provide a service ( for instance , because our decisions about moderation of content may need to have regard to your profile ) .
`` When you 're surfing the net ' , we collect information about the ABC pages that you visit .
This helps us identify what our audiences are most interested in .
Though surveys usually collect aggregate data , we will make it clear to you if any survey information is being collected in a way that could personally identify you .
If you use ABC Shops , further information may need to be collected because of the commercial nature of this site .
Additional privacy information about ABC Shops is set out below .
Disclosure of personal information
3.1 Disclosure of personal information to third parties
The ABC may disclose your personal information to third parties for the following purposes :
to provide the service you wish to use ,
for research purposes relating to the performance , quality , maintenance and improvement of the ABC 's services and products ,
to customise and promote ABC services which may be of interest to you ,
to provide technical support to you to use the ABC 's services
if permitted or required by law ; or
otherwise with your consent .
The ABC is assisted by a variety of third parties to deliver the services offered by the ABC .
These third parties are too numerous to list , and they change from time to time .
Some examples of the types of third parties include :
technology service providers including :
Internet service providers such as Akamai
App service providers such as Wildfire
cloud service providers such as Engine Yard and Amazon Web Services
ABC Shop fulfilment partners such as Australia Post
Promotion or marketing service providers such as Mindbox and Double Click
Subscription service providers and their mailing houses .
In many cases , the ABC imposes contractual restrictions equivalent to those imposed on the ABC under the Privacy Act in respect of collection and use of personal information by those third parties .
In some cases , such as social media networks , the ABC 's ability to impose contractual restrictions is limited .
In those circumstances , the ABC will carefully consider the risks to the protection of personal information when entering into arrangements with third parties .
These third parties may be located in Australia or overseas locations , including but not limited to Singapore and the USA .
The ABC may disclose your personal information ( excluding sensitive information about you ) to third parties for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC 's services .
The ABC will obtain your specific consent to disclose sensitive information for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC 's services .
You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose .
Under no circumstances will the ABC sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information .
3.2 Information that you disclose publicly
The ABC provides content and services on a range of platforms with interactive features that you can contribute to .
These include : guestbooks , forums , event diaries , reviews , recipes , online voting , blogs , and comments on opinion articles .
When using digital services ( including online and mobile services ) , we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when providing your personal information .
For instance , if you share information that you have posted on an ABC website using a social media tool , it is likely that you will be sharing your personal information .
The ABC has a limited capacity to protect personal information that you choose to share in this way .
Note that whenever you post personal information in publicly accessible places , such as chat rooms or message boards , this information becomes available to anyone with access to the internet .
This information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information ( such as your contact details ) online , you may receive unwanted messages from other parties in return .
Therefore , we recommend that you refrain from posting any information that you do not want seen in these public areas .
For example , when participating in an ABC forum or guest book , your name will appear on the message board .
In some cases , it may be appropriate to use a pen name or pseudonym rather than your real name when you are online .
You must not intentionally use the name of another living person .
`` Some ABC programs ( such as Q & A ) invite you to participate via Twitter .
You should be aware that when you do this , you may be sharing personal information , including your political views .
Ultimately , you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information .
Be responsible whenever you are online or using a digital service .
3.3 Information that is disclosed via other platforms or services
Some ABC services may be integrated with external services , including social media networks .
This may mean that information , for instance about your interests and activities , is tracked or pulled from other places ( such as Facebook ) .
If you are signed in to an ABC service which is integrated with other media tools , this information may be available to others depending on the privacy settings you have in place on other platforms .
The number and nature of social media platforms is changing rapidly , and the way in which information is shared between them is becoming increasingly complex .
To help you manage and protect your personal information , the ABC will ask you to opt-in before making your personal information available through an integrated service .
You may also opt-out of your participation in most of the ABC 's digital services .
Information about how to opt-out will be provided in the particular service .
However , you should be aware that the ABC may continue to store personal information provided by you prior to you opting-out .
Your ability to opt-out of a third party tool or platform will depend on the conditions governing your agreement with that third party .
Accessing your personal information
You may request access to personal information that is held by the ABC about you .
Requests for access will be dealt with by the ABC in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 1982 .
The ABC will take reasonable steps to make appropriate corrections to personal information so that it is accurate , complete and up-to-date .
The ABC welcomes feedback about privacy issues and will attend to all questions and complaints promptly .
You can contact the ABC about any privacy issues as follows :
By mail : ABC Privacy Contact Officer
Your State or Territory
Use of your personal information to contact you
We will never knowingly send you unsolicited commercial electronic messages .
We may use information that we know about your likes and interests to tell you about other ABC programs , products and services when you are online .
We may know about your likes and interests because you have provided that information , for instance via a social media platform , or because we have inferred this based on your browsing history , or other data related to your behaviour on ABC digital services .
Protection of your personal information
The ABC will take all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that your personal information is properly protected from misuse or loss , and unauthorised access , modification or disclosure .
At the same time , we are committed to providing innovative and interactive experiences , and to being available to audiences on multiple platforms .
Some of those platforms are not operated or controlled by the ABC , and our ability to protect your personal information is limited .
We encourage you to be vigilant about the protection of your own personal information when using third party digital services ( such as social media platforms ) .
As far as reasonably practicable , we will make sure that our relationships with those third parties include appropriate protection of your privacy .
Use of cookies across our digital services
The ABC uses a cookie system on its digital services .
A cookie is a small data file placed on your machine or device which lets our digital service store information .
This information allows us to make our digital services easier to use and more relevant .
The ABC uses cookies for interactive features such as forums , voting , some games and online shopping at the ABC Shop website .
For instance , cookies allow our servers to keep track of your customer details between visits to the ABC Shop website .
The information stored by the cookie includes data that is provided during online registration processes .
Placing cookies on your device also means we can serve you promotional information that you might be more interested in .
The promotional information can appear on third party digital services as well as ABC digital services .
It also allows us to control the number of times you see that promotional information and measure how effective the campaign has been .
Credit card information is never stored in a cookie .
The analytics systems used by the ABC use cookies to gather information regarding visitor activity on the ABC 's digital services .
This is not used to identify personal details but is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate and improve our services .
When you use the ABC 's digital services , some information is logged automatically , such as your computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , access times , browser type , pages visited and videos viewed .
The ABC engages independent measurement companies ( such as Webtrends and Nielsen Online ) to perform these services .
Privacy information from Webtrends is available here .
Nielsen Online provides its privacy information here .
7.1 Controlling and deleting cookies
Popular browsers will usually give users a level of control over cookies .
You can set your browsers to accept or reject all , or certain , cookies .
You can also set your browser to prompt you each time a cookie is offered .
Most cookies are easy to delete , and the Help function within your browser should tell you how .
Some digital services may not load properly or function as intended if cookies are disabled , however it is up to you to determine the balance of convenience and computer privacy that you are comfortable with .
7.2 Cookies used by the ABC
The ABC uses the following types of cookies :
Session Computer Browser Cookies Session cookies let you move from page to page without the need to repeatedly sign in .
For instance , these cookies are used by the ABC Shop website to keep track of things such as what you put in your shopping cart .
A session browser cookie is stored in the browser and deleted when the browser shuts down .
Persistent Cookies Persistent cookies are used to help us monitor the performance of our digital services by recording your browsing behaviour within the particular digital service .
These browser cookies can only be read by the company that places the cookies on the computer .
Persistent cookies are saved to the hard drive until they expire .
Unlike session browser cookies , they are not deleted when the browser is shut down .
Flash Cookies also known as Local Shared Objects , are used to track activity in Applications that are running in Adobe Flash Player .
Designed for usability , they allow user 's custom settings to persist between visits .
The ABC uses web beacons in combination with cookies to track activity .
Turning off a browser 's cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking activity .
7.3 Third Party Cookies
The ABC uses a number of suppliers who also set cookies on our digital services on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing .
For instance , if we embed photos and video content from third parties such as flickr and youTube , those third parties may have set cookies relating to that content .
If you then share that content , another third party cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through .
The ABC does not control these cookies , and does not block cookies set by third parties in these ways .
Additional information for parents and young people
Some digital services provided by the ABC are specifically designed for children ; ABC4Kids for pre-school children and ABC3 for older children .
The online protection of children is a shared responsibility between the ABC , the parent or carer , and the child .
We strongly encourage parents and carers to monitor and participate in their children 's use of the ABC 's digital services .
The ABC aims to ensure that children and young people who engage with our online spaces understand the possible risks they face and how to minimise them .
ABC digital spaces designed for children are subject to House Rules which guide participation and are designed to maintain safe and appropriate behaviour .
House Rules include restrictions on the types of personal information the ABC allows children to communicate publicly .
Content submitted to ABC children 's sites is largely pre-moderated in order to enforce the House Rules and protect children .
If your child is participating in online community activities , we recommend you read the House Rules for that space with your child and explain anything to them that they may not understand .
Additional information about ABC Shops
In addition to the General Principles outlined above , the following information is relevant to the ABC Shop .
9.1 Collecting information about you
We collect personal information about you :
to manage and deliver orders that you make now and in the future
so we have a record of your order should you wish to return or exchange an item at a later date
to contact you with offers specific to your order
if you send us a query
if you subscribe to an email list
with your permission , to advise you of ABC Shop special promotions
as part of an entry to a competition or product review
to run cookies on our website ( see above )
as part of our customer database
for statistical and research purposes
for purposes directly related to all of the above .
The ABC automatically collects general website traffic information ( such as how many people have visited the site , most popular pages etc ) .
This information is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate our service and business practice in an effort to provide you with an optimum shopping service .
9.2 Disclosure of information
We may share non-personal , aggregated information with other ABC Divisions , our partners and product distributors for research purposes .
We never identify or disclose individual customers or visitors ' information or purchases but we may disclose how many customers bought a specific item or used a specific service .
We may disclose personal information to third parties as set out above .
9.3 Access to your personal information
Personal information that you have provided to ABC Shop ( such as your name , invoice and delivery addresses , phone number , or email address ) is accessible by registering with ABC Shop .
By registering with ABC Shop you will need to retain a username and password .
The ABC recommends that you update your personal information if your details change so that our records are accurate , complete and up-to-date .
9.4 Credit card information
Crucially , your credit card details are only stored and transmitted in encrypted form .
Unencrypted credit card information is NOT stored on our internet servers .
Online credit card payments are currently processed using a third party payment gateway service run by Direct Payment Solutions LTD ( DPS ) .
DPS provides a PCI-DSS ( plastic card industry data security scheme ) compliant payment gateway service to the ABC Shop that is used to securely process customer payments .
DPS 's Privacy Policy can be viewed here .
Credit card information is never stored in a cookie .
If you use PayPal to complete your transaction , your personal information ( including credit card information ) will be collected and used by PayPal in accordance with their privacy policy , which is available here .
If you use your credit card and the transaction is manual rather than electronic , the imprinted record will be stored by the ABC Shop for the period that financial records are required to be retained .
9.5 Your Choice Online or Offline Shopping
If you do not wish to place your order on the internet , we offer you the option of phoning , faxing or mailing in your order .
Phone : 1300 360 111 [ +61 2 8333 5668 ]
Fax : 1300 360 150 [ +61 2 8333 5622 ]
Page last updated : February 11 , 2013

( Effective December 18 , 2013 )
Last Updated On : December 18 , 2013
At Ask.com , we respect your privacy , and we understand the importance of the information you entrust to us .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the information collected by the Ask family of companies consisting of IAC Search & Media , Inc. , APN , LLC and Mindspark Interactive Network , Inc .
( Ask , we , us , our ) through the use of ( i ) our websites ( the Website ) , ( ii ) our Ask mobile applications and ( iii ) Search Applications , a search box on an application or site from which you can access our search services , specifically provided by APN , LLC and/or Mindspark Interactive Network , Inc. ( collectively the Services ) .
Below we describe what information we collect when you use our Services , how we protect that information , how long we retain it , with whom we share it , and what your privacy options are .
By using the Services , you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies , business practices , and our users ' needs , and may make changes to the Privacy Policy accordingly .
Please check this page periodically for updates .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here , along with its effective date , and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our Website .
Your continued use of the Services after our posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you agree to be bound by such changes .
What information do we collect about you
We explain below the main ways that we collect and process information about you .
Information You Provide To Us :
Your use of the Services may require registration , in which case we will ask you to provide certain personal information , including an email address , username , and password .
You may also decide to provide us with some optional demographic information to enhance your profile , such as your country of residence , home address , education , interests , and communications preferences .
You may also provide personal information to us , if you choose to :
sign up to receive our Question of the Day or any similar service or request to receive certain other communications from us ;
submit a help request , a customer services inquiry or other inquiry to us , or fill in any other forms for the purposes of receiving our Services ;
participate in some of the features accessible via the Services ( for example , message boards , chat groups , social networking , games , surveys , polls , promotions , contests , or sweepstakes ) ;
contact us about employment opportunities posted to the Services ; or
otherwise use the Services in a manner that you have requested .
Depending on which of these or any other Services you use , the personal information you provide may include your name , email address , user name , home address , telephone number , information posted by you on sites accessed via the Services .
Also , if you choose to login to a product or feature accessed through a Search Application via a social networking site , you are granting us permission to access and use information about you provided by the social network .
For example , if you use a social network feature to login to a product accessed through a Search Application , per such social network 's policies , they may provide us access to you and your friends names , pictures , genders , user Ids , connections and any content shared using an Everyone or similar privacy setting .
Please be aware , that by posting information to message boards , chat groups or social networking facilities available via the Services , you will be making this information available to other users of these Services to the public .
You should be careful about revealing any sensitive details about yourself .
Information We Collect When You Use The Services :
When you use the Services , we automatically collect and store certain information about your computer or device and your activities , including :
( 1 ) IP address of your computer
( 2 ) Unique mobile device identifier
( 3 ) Technical information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device , mobile device ID number , web browser ( Internet Explorer 8 , etc . ) , other browser information ( e.g . size , connection speed and connection type ) , and operating system or platform ( Mac , Windows XP , etc . )
( 4 ) Your preferences and settings ( time zone , language , etc . )
( 5 ) Internet provider or mobile carrier name
( 6 ) The URL of the last webpage you visited before visiting the Website
( 7 ) Information about your activity on the Services ( e.g. , your search queries , mis-formatted DNS entries , search results selected , clicks , pages viewed , search history , comments ) ;
( 8 ) If you are using a mobile device , your mobile device 's geographic location ( specific geographic location if you 've enabled collection of that information , or general geographic location automatically ) .
Please see the section Mobile Device Location Information below for further information .
( 9 ) If you installed a Search Application , we may also collect information about that Search Application ( e.g . the specific release date and distribution source of your Search Application , a unique Search Application ID , Search Application partner ID , the ads you click on , and information contained in error log files or cookies , aggregate query or click data and erroneous domain name system requests ) .
How do we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of purposes , including to :
verify your eligibility for our Services ;
respond to your queries with the best possible answers and search results ;
understand our users ( their demographics , what they do on our Services , what features they like , how they use them etc . ) and improve our Services , such as by personalizing content to your interests and process and complete your transactions ;
administer our Services , diagnose technical problems and otherwise manage our business ;
distinguish your Search Application for purposes of compensating third parties who distributed the Search Application on our behalf and to analyze retention and usage per distribution partner or channel ;
send you communications that you have requested or that may be of interest to you in accordance with your preferences .
Please see the section Reviewing , changing or deleting information for further information about how you can control these communications ;
send you questions from other users that you may be able to answer if you have registered with our Services ;
deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes or otherwise facilitate the use of our Services ;
provide you with customer support ;
enable us to show you ads that are more relevant to you ; and
perform functions as otherwise described at the time of collection .
We may also generate , use and disclose aggregated and/or anonymized information and statistics about your use of the Services to third parties for marketing , analytical and strategic purposes .
However , no user of our Services will be individually identifiable from the aggregated and/or anonymized information and statistics .
How do we share the information we collect
We will not share the personal information we collect about you with any third party for their own marketing purposes without your consent .
We will share your information in the following ways :
Our suppliers , subcontractors and business partners ( service providers ) : We may share your data with our services providers who process your personal information to provide services to us or on our behalf .
We have contracts with our service providers that prohibit them from sharing the information about you that they collect or that we provide to them with anyone else , or using it for other purposes .
Companies within the IAC Group of Companies : We may share your information with our affiliates , which are entities under common ownership or control of our ultimate parent company , IAC Corp .
Our Search Application partners : If you have installed a Search Application , our Search Application partners may collect / receive information about you including the queries you submit via the Services , the Search Application functionality and / or website , the version of your Search Application or your browser settings , the search results and ads you click on , and the address of the web pages you previously visited .
Fraud prevention : We may disclose the personal information we collect about our users when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate , prevent , or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety , rights , or property of us , our users , or others .
Law enforcement purposes : If requested or required by government authorities , such as law enforcement authorities , courts , or regulators , or otherwise to comply with the law , we may disclose any information we have about our users .
We also may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims .
Sale or merger of our business : We may transfer your personal information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring ( e.g. , a sale , merger , or other transfer of assets ) .
Advertisers and advertising networks : Advertisers and advertising networks place ads ( including sponsored links in search results ) on our site and in our mobile applications .
These companies may collect information , such as your computer 's IP address , browser information , mobile device ID , and search queries , as you use our Website and Services .
They also may use cookies and other technologies to collect this information when you visit our site as described below .
Cookies and Online Advertising
We use cookies , pixel tags , web beacons and other such similar technologies to collect and store the information we automatically collect about your computer , device and Service usage .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer and a pixel tag ( also called a web beacon or clear GIF ) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier , embedded invisibly on a webpage ( or an online ad or email ) .
We use the term cookies in this policy to refer to cookies and all such similar technologies .
There are two broad categories of cookies : ( 1 ) first party cookies , served directly by us to your computer or mobile device , and ( 2 ) third party cookies , which are served by a third party on our behalf .
Cookies have a lot of jobs .
For example , our cookies enable us to recognize you ( e.g . as a registered user ) when you visit our website and to store your preferences and settings .
We use third party cookies for functionality , performance / analytics , advertising and social media purposes .
Cookies from advertising companies , for example , help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests .
To understand more about cookies and pixel tags , click here .
How To Control Or Delete Cookies :
NOTICE REGARDING ASK ERASER
Please note that Ask will discontinue its AskEraser feature on January 15 , 2014 .
AskEraser is a privacy feature from Ask that when enabled , deletes your search activity from Ask 's servers in most circumstances .
However , even without Ask Eraser , you can use your browser 's support or help settings to disable Ask cookies from collecting this information in the first place .
Detailed information about how to disable Ask.com cookies can be found below .
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings .
Users can usually set their browsers to block all third-party cookies ( which are those set by third-party companies collecting information on websites operated by other companies ) , block all cookies ( including first-party cookies such as the ones Ask uses to collect search activity information about its users ) , or block specific cookies .
These settings will typically be found in the options or preferences menu of your browser .
In order to understand these settings , the following links may be helpful , otherwise you should use the Help option in your browser for more details .
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS .
Please note that if you choose to block cookies , this may interfere with certain functionality on our website .
Also , if you have disabled one or more cookies , we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set ; however , we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information .
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services , including social networking services , may also use cookies or similar tools , and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices .
We do not control the practices of such partners and their privacy policies govern their interactions with you .
We encourage you to read their privacy policies .
Online Behavioral Advertising and Mobile .
Advertisers and advertising networks place ads ( including sponsored links in search results ) on our website and in our mobile applications .
These companies , as well as data analytics companies who service them , may use cookies , pixel tags , mobile device IDs and other similar technologies to collect data about you when you visit our site .
They use the data to enable them to track your activity across various sites where they display ads and record your activities , so they can show ads that they consider relevant to you .
You may opt-out of receiving targeted online advertising from advertising networks that is delivered on Ask.com and other websites by visiting the following websites :
Please bear in mind that there are many more companies listed on these sites than those that drop cookies on our website .
If you are using an Ask mobile application , we use your unique mobile device ID number to recognize you when you use the application and to store your preferences and settings .
Advertising companies may also use and store your mobile device ID to show ads that they consider relevant to you in various mobile services that you use .
If you are using an iOS6 device , you also may limit the delivery of tailored ads by : Open Settings and tap General then tap About ; Scroll to the bottom of About and tap Advertising ; Flip Limit Ad Tracking to ON .
If you are using an Android device and you do not wish to receive tailored in-application ads , you can visit Google 's Ads Preferences page from a browser on your device and make your choices there .
We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving tailored in-application ads ; thus , you should contact the platform provider if the above options are no longer available .
Mobile Device Location Information .
When you use one of our location-enabled services ( for example , when you access Services from a mobile device ) , we may need to collect and process information about your actual GPS location ( including the latitude , longitude or altitude of your mobile device ) and the time the location information was recorded .
Some of these services require your personal data for the feature to work and we may associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you .
We keep this data for no longer than is reasonably necessary for providing our services .
If you wish to use the particular feature , you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose .
You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the relevant feature .
If you do not want your location information collected when you use the Services from a mobile device , please follow these instructions :
If you are using an Apple device , click on General , then Reset , then Reset Location and Privacy .
This will turn off location functionality for all of your apps so that the next time you download or use an app , you will be asked again to provide your consent for us and others to access your location information .
If you are using an Android device , visit device settings , click Location , and then click the boxes for the particular applications for which you would like to disable location services .
If your device changes the above methods of disabling the collection of mobile device location , please contact your device manufacturer or platform provider to determine how to disable the collection of this information .
Reviewing , changing or deleting information
If you would like to review , change or delete personal information we have collected from you , please contact the Ask Privacy Officer :
Attn : Privacy Officer
555 12th Street , 11th Floor
Oakland , CA 94607
If you would like to permanently delete your Ask.com account , please access the Your Account tab on the Settings page , and follow the instructions there .
Do Not Track .
Do Not Track ( DNT ) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers .
DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services .
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes , and that is why we provide the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above .
However , we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals , as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means , what it means to comply with DNT , and a common approach to responding to DNT .
How do we keep the information we collect secure
We take the security of your personal information seriously and use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss , destruction or damage .
We also limit access to personal information about you to employees who reasonably need access to it to provide products or services to you , or in order to do their jobs .
However , because no security system can be 100 % effective , we can not completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about you .
How long do we keep the information we collect
We retain the information we collect about and from you for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal request .
We may also choose to anonymize certain of the information you provide to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time .
The Services are not intended for users under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 .
If we become aware that a person submitting information is under 13 , we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible .
You hereby represent that you are at least 13 .
Consent to Transfer of Information
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States , your data will be transferred to and stored in our servers in the U.S. By using the Services , you consent to our collection and use of your data as described in this Privacy Policy .
U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Notice
The Ask.com Website and mobile applications are certified under the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from EU member countries and Switzerland .
Ask.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints regarding the Website or mobile applications under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .

Revision date : June 5 , 2008
deviantART respects your privacy .
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect through the Sites , how we use that information , and what choices you have .
The deviantART Sites contain links to other web sites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or individuals that deviantART does not control , or any web sites that you link to from the deviantART Sites .
You should use caution and review the privacy policies of any sites that you visit from ours to learn more about their information practices .
Please take a few moments to read this agreement .
By accessing the deviantART Sites , you agree to accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and are aware that our policies may evolve in the future as indicated below .
In various places on the deviantART Sites , we collect Personally Identifiable Information , such as your name , age , gender , postal address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card information , or other information that can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual .
For example , we collect this information when you register for membership and special services ( e.g. , the Print Program ) , sign up for e-mail newsletters and purchase products or services .
From time to time in the future we may offer additional features , services , and promotional opportunities that would require you to submit Personally Identifiable Information to participate .
We also collect Anonymous Information such as your IP address , the type of browser you use , the pages on our Sites that you have visited , and the advertisements that you have clicked on .
Your Personally Identifiable Information is linked to your Anonymous Information .
Like many Internet sites , we also use cookies to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer and is stored on your hard drive .
When you visit our Site ( s ) the cookie identifies your computer to us so that you do not have to re-register each time you visit .
We may also use cookies to measure the traffic to our Sites and the use of different services and features of the Sites .
Advertisers that appear on the deviantART Sites may place cookies on your computer and their use of the information stored on those cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
You should visit their sites to learn about their information practices .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to deviantART 's cookies .
We do not intend that children will use our sites .
We do not solicit or knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old , nor will we accept registration from them .
How we use the information we collect
We use Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to communicate with you , to process orders for products and services , to customize advertising and content available on the deviantART Sites , to conduct research for internal purposes and to use such information to improve our services and the deviantART Sites .
If you have uploaded Artist Materials pursuant to the Submissions Agreement , you have also authorized deviantART to use your name and biographical materials publicly for advertising and promotional purposes .
If you so choose , we will also use it to send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you .
Later on in this Privacy Policy , we provide you with more information on what choices you have .
We use information that is not personally identifiable to determine how people use our web site and its services .
For example this data tells us information including how often users click on our advertisements , which files are downloaded most frequently , and which areas of our site are the most popular .
Analyzing this data allows us to improve the offerings on and performance of our site ( s ) .
Using your IP address , we can also determine the general physical location of a user and may at times use this information to better target advertising to users .
How we share information
Except as noted below , deviantART does not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties unless you give us your permission or we need to share such information in order to provide products or services you have requested .
For example , we use third parties to help with some of the products and services available on our site , such as processing payments and fulfilling orders for products through the deviantART Shop .
We also engage third parties to assist us by tracking the number of visitors to the Sites that have `` clicked-through '' from specified promotions on third party sites and those visitors ' activities on the deviantART Site .
When we supply personally identifiable information to these third parties , we require them to use it only for the function they are helping us with .
When you see parts of our site with a prominent brand of another company , information you supply ( or authorize for use ) in that part of the site will be shared with the other company that is cooperating in providing the service .
Please visit that company 's site to learn more about their information practices .
We aggregate the Anonymous Information that we collect and exchange it with advertisers and others who are interested in our services .
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to conform to applicable law , comply with subpoenas , court orders or legal process served on deviantART , to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims , and to protect the property or interests of deviantART , its agents and employees , personal safety , or the public .
Under such circumstances , deviantART may be prohibited by law , court order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure , and deviantART reserves the right to not provide such notice in its sole discretion .
If we become part of another organization , including without limitation , by merger , change of control , sale of assets , or other acquisition , the acquiring organization will obtain and have access to the Personally Identifiable Information collected by deviantART and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If we cease operation , your information may be transferred to and used by another company that offers similar or related products or services .
While we can not predict a great deal about such an unlikely event , we would hope this could provide you continuity of service .
What choices you have
When you register for membership at the deviantART Site , you have the option of checking a box to tell us that you do not want us to send you our email newsletter .
You may also opt out of an automatic logging process that associates your Personally Identifiable Information with your recent page views .
We will keep track of your decisions in our database .
Even if you choose not to receive information from us , we reserve the right to communicate with you on matters we consider especially important .
You may review the Personally Identifiable Information we have on file by logging in and clicking the Settings & Profile tab on your user page .
Once there , there you may modify information that is incorrect and delete certain information from your profile .
You can also change your permission for us to send you e-mail newsletters .
To delete your Personally Identifiable Information , you must manually change your data fields to null values .
Otherwise , your data is retained indefinitely .
Please note that the public comments made by a user in a chat room or a forum can not be deleted .
Data related to transactions for products and services through the deviantART Shop is retained indefinitely .
Moreover , since , Anonymous Information is not identifiable as originating with you , it can not be reviewed or changed by you .
We may change this policy from time to time .
While we will usually indicate major changes by notice on our site , please check here from time to time to see if there is a revised policy posted .
If you register as a member of the deviantART Sites and make postings to chat rooms , forums or your user page , please remember that anything you post is publicly available .
The user name you have chosen during the registration process is visible to all users of the Site .
If you visit another member 's user page , your user name will appear on that page .
Your user page will also show certain statistics regarding your use of the Site , such as the date you became a member , how long ago you last visited the Site , the categories of materials you have posted .
Your user profile , and the information you choose to include in your profile , will also be available to other users of our chat rooms , forums and to visitors that access your personal user page .
deviantART does not control , and is not responsible for , the use of any information or content that you have exposed to the public through your use of the deviantART Sites .
During sessions in which you give us information such as credit card numbers , we encrypt your transmissions using SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) technology .
We keep the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers that are protected by firewalls and other technological means against intrusion or unauthorized access .
They are located in a physically secure facility , and only our employees and agents with a need to know the information are given access .
While no amount of security can give a perfect guarantee , you can have a high degree of confidence that the personally identifiable information you give us is protected from unauthorized access and use .
We rely on you to select passwords that can not be guessed easily and to safeguard those passwords from disclosure .
Please contact us if you have any information regarding unauthorized use of the deviantART sites .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our services change and expand .
If we update this Privacy Policy , we will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the email address specified in your account or by posting a notice of such changes on the deviantART Sites .
Unless otherwise provided , the revised terms will take effect on the date they are posted .
Once such changes become effective , your continued use of the Site will signify your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , or any revised Privacy Policy , your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site .
If you have questions about this Statement or our policies , please contact us at :
deviantART , Inc .
7095 Hollywood Blvd # 788
Hollywood , CA 90028
Phone : 888-4DEVART ( 888-433-8278 )

Effective Date : This Privacy Policy was last revised on May 16 , 2013
OfficeMax Incorporated ( OfficeMax , we , us or our ) provides this privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) in order to make you aware of the privacy practices at our web sites that post this Privacy Policy ( the Web Sites ) , and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by OfficeMax .
This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Sites , and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by OfficeMax ( unless specifically stated ) .
Note , too , that there may be times where OfficeMax jointly collects your information with another party on a co-branded web site .
In those cases , if this Privacy Policy is posted , it may only apply to how OfficeMax uses the information it collects through that co-branded web site , but the privacy policy of the other party may govern with regard to the use of technology or operation of the co-branded web site and its use of information collected on such co-branded web site .
The areas covered in this Privacy Policy are as follows :
What information does OfficeMax collect ?
What technologies does OfficeMax use ?
How is this information used by OfficeMax ?
Sweepstakes and contest information
Information from third parties
Send to a friend
How is information shared with third parties ?
Third parties providing services
Sweepstakes , contests and other promotions
Legal actions and law enforcement
Links to third party web sites
A note for parents
What should I know about ads ?
How might this Privacy Policy change in the future ?
How can I access or change my Personally Identifiable Information ?
How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared ?
How do I contact OfficeMax ?
What is the list of third parties that we work with that provide an ability to opt-out ?
What information does OfficeMax collect ?
Through its Web Sites , OfficeMax collects `` Personally Identifiable Information '' which is any information that can be used to specifically identify an individual , such as your name , mailing address , e-mail address , telephone number , social security number or credit card number .
Users may provide us with Personally Identifiable Information and certain demographic information ( such as gender , zip code , hometown or similar information ) through Web Site features , including , surveys , online registration forms , sweepstakes entries and bulletin boards .
Additionally , when you visit our Web Sites our servers automatically collect certain information from you , such as the number of pages viewed and accessed , browser type and IP address .
Most of this information is non-personally identifiable information , but if we connect it or demographic information with Personally Identifiable Information , we will treat it as Personally Identifiable Information .
We also collect purchasing information from you when you make a purchase on one of the Web Sites .
What technologies does OfficeMax use ?
We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically ( or passively ) collect and/or store certain information whenever you visit or interact with our Web Sites .
This information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies , including , without limitation , cookies , web beacons and JavaScript that may be downloaded to your personal computer , browser , laptop , tablet , mobile phone or other device ( `` Device '' ) .
This information may include :
your IP address , UDID or other unique identifier ( `` Device Identifier '' ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Web Sites , and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier ;
your Device functionality ( including browser , operating system , hardware , mobile network information ) ;
the URL that referred you to our Web Sites ;
the areas within our Web Sites that you visit and your activities there , including remembering you and your preferences ;
your Device location ;
your Device characteristics ; and
certain other Device data , including the time of day , among other information .
We may use various methods and technologies to store or collect such information ( `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
Tracking Technologies may set , change , alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device .
A few of the Tracking Technologies , include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods later developed ) :
Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your computer ( or other Internet-accessing device ) when you visit the Web Sites .
Cookies allow us to improve and enhance the Web Site and serve users more appropriate content .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser .
However , it is possible that some parts of the Web Sites will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of this Web Sites ' features .
You should consult with your browser 's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies .
The Web Sites and any communications sent by the Web Sites may contain electronic images ( generally , single-pixel `` .gif '' images ) called `` web beacons . ''
These web beacons allow OfficeMax and third parties to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of the web page , web-based document , e-mail message or other communication , such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon and the time the web beacon was viewed .
We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes , such as and without limitation , to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate this Web Sites and to count how many e-mails ( or particular articles , links , etc . ) we sent were actually opened .
The Web Sites may also utilize embedded scripts which is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Web Sites .
The script is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Web Sites , and is deleted thereafter .
ETag , or entity tag .
A feature of the cache in browsers .
It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL .
If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned .
Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier .
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash , and/or HTML5 cookies .
We may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes , including as follows :
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Service , including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity , improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality .
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the Web Sites , including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content , products or services offered through the Web Sites .
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Web Sites , including identifying you when you sign in to our Web Sites or keeping track of our specified preferences , including in terms of the presentation of content on our Web Sites .
We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content , including ads , relevant to your interests on our Web Sites and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content .
This includes using Tracking Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you .
OfficeMax offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads that come directly from us .
To opt-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax , click here .
If you opt-out , you may still see OfficeMax targeted ads on third party sites for reasons further explained below .
There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Web Sites .
Further , third parties may use Tracking Technologies with our Web Sites .
We may not control those third party Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them .
However , you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of our Web Sites and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties .
Even if you have previously opted-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax using the link above , third parties using Tacking Technologies on the Web Sites may still be able to send you targeted ads promoting OfficeMax .
Further information on this , and your opt-out choices provided by these third parties , is found in the Section `` What should I know about ads ? '' below and here .
How is the information used by OfficeMax ?
The information OfficeMax collects is used by us to :
provide you with content , information or services you have requested , including newsletters , catalogs and other communications for which you have registered ;
improve the content of the Web Sites ;
customize the Web Sites ' advertising and content for individual visitors ;
notify you about updates to our Web Sites and in our discretion , changes to this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use and other policies that affect your use of the Web Sites ;
contact customers for marketing purposes ;
administer and provide you with information and updates regarding customer loyalty and rewards programs ;
provide you with investment-related information ;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made or authorize or complete a transaction you have requested ;
contact you with regard to a sweepstakes , contest or promotion in which you have participated ;
provide you with offers , products or services from third parties which may be of value to you ;
send you e-mail communications or otherwise contact you regarding your job search ;
prepare governmental and internal statistics reports ;
administer the Web Sites ' systems and for other internal business purposes ;
analyze customer purchasing habits ;
comply with and monitor compliance with our Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and policies ; and
for other purposes disclosed when you provide your information .
Sweepstakes and contest information :
We conduct sweepstakes , contests and promotions , which ask visitors for contact information ( name , e-mail address , mailing address , etc . ) and demographic information ( zip code , age , income level , etc . ) .
Participation is optional .
Contact information collected through sweepstakes , contests and promotions is used to request more information in relation to the sweepstakes , contest or promotion or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy .
We may on occasion seek information on our customer base via electronic or print surveys .
Participation is optional .
Survey contact information ( name , e-mail address , mailing address , etc . ) is used to request more information in relation to the survey or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy .
Content you submit :
OfficeMax may publish your name , voice and likeness and other Personally Identifiable Information in connection with any submissions you may make to our Web Sites as set forth in our Terms of Use .
OfficeMax offers an affiliate program for qualified web sites .
Participation is optional and based on OfficeMax approval .
Application information is used to determine eligibility in the OfficeMax affiliate program .
Account information of approved affiliates is maintained for the purposes of communication between OfficeMax and its affiliates .
Information from third parties :
We may receive information about you from other sources ; for example , we may obtain geographic or demographic information , or information regarding your possible interests , from third parties , or we may receive information from a marketing partner in connection with a co-branded web site or promotion .
We may use this information for a variety of purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you and to tailor content .
We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Web Sites .
In those cases , we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personally Identifiable Information received , unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your Personally Identifiable Information .
Send to a friend :
If you send a friend a communication from the Web Sites , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , phone numbers , etc . ) is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose , unless we obtain additional consent .
How is information shared with third parties ?
We may share non-personally identifiable information and other web site usage information with our business partners and third parties .
In addition , we may share Personally Identifiable Information as disclosed at the time you provide your information , as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances :
Third parties providing services :
We may employ third parties to perform certain functions and services on our behalf , for example , hosting or operating the Web Sites , fulfilling orders for products and services purchased through the Web Sites , sending e-mail and/or other communications , data analysis , marketing assistance , tracking the Web Sites ' activities and analytics , credit card payment processing , and customer service .
These third parties may have access to your information , including Device Identifiers and Personally Identifiable Information for the purpose of performing such functions and services on OfficeMax 's behalf .
Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you , potentially including Personally Identifiable Information , about you .
We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them .
However , some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices , and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here .
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties ' opt-out options .
Third party offers :
From time to time , OfficeMax partners with third parties to provide users of the Web Sites with offers , products or services which may be of value to our users .
In such instances , we will share , sell or rent a user 's Personally Identifiable Information , such as name , mailing address , phone number and ordering information , with a third party to enable them to notify the user of the offer , product or service , unless you have told us not to share your information .
We will never rent your email address .
Also , OfficeMax may share certain information related to your account and payment history with third parties who use this information to generate data deemed relevant for business decision-making , including making determinations of creditworthiness .
If you do not wish to have your information shared with third parties , please see How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared ? below to learn how to notify OfficeMax .
Sweepstakes , contests and other promotions :
If you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion on the Web Sites , we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion , including , without limitation , in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment , and as required by law , such as on a winners list .
Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor ( s ) of the promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion .
Web Site analytics :
On a regular basis , OfficeMax may send some or all of the information gathered by our Web Sites ' analytics collection processes to a company that works on our behalf to provide us with a service that assists us in analyzing this information .
OfficeMax may share the Personally Identifiable Information collected through the Web Sites with and among its parent , subsidiaries and affiliates .
OfficeMax or any of its assets , including the Web Sites , may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personally Identifiable Information is one of the key business assets for the transaction .
In such a case , your Personally Identifiable Information may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Hence , OfficeMax reserves the right to disclose and transfer Personally Identifiable Information in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of our assets , or other corporate change .
Legal actions and law enforcement :
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information , in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process or other valid law enforcement measures ; to comply with a legal obligation ; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Web Sites and applicable laws ; or to protect the legal rights , interests , or safety of the Web Sites , our users or others .
We may also use information collected on our Web Sites to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
EEOC/Affirmative action reporting :
In conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( `` EEOC '' ) , the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs ( `` OFCCP '' ) and similar state and local regulatory agencies , we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information ( such as veteran status , gender and ethnicity ) .
Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary , but if you do provide us with such information , we may submit that information to the EEOC , the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes , including , but not limited to , responding to information requests , fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints .
Our Web Sites take commercially reasonable steps to secure the information you provide , including encrypting payment information that you transmit through our Web Sites .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , or wireless transmission , or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Therefore , please know that any information you transmit to or through our Web Sites you do at your own risk .
Links to third party web sites :
The Web Sites contains information on a wide variety of products and services .
We also provide links to partner , affiliate , and manufacturer sites for additional information on their products and services .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third party web sites and do not make any representations regarding how such web sites use customer information .
The Web Sites are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be processed in and transferred to the United States .
By using the Web Sites or providing us with your information , you consent to this transfer and to the processing and storage of your information in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen .
A note for parents
The Web Sites are general audience web sites .
We do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) on the Web Sites and we will delete any Personally Identifiable Information later determined to be from a user younger than thirteen ( 13 ) .
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California have the right to request from a business , with whom the California resident has an established business relationship , certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year .
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by OfficeMax pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , please contact OfficeMax by calling us at the telephone number below , writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax ?
To change your preferences about how your Personally Identifiable Information is shared , please see the instructions below under How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared ?
What should I know about ads ?
We may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the Internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party sites and viewing of ads and of our content .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements , which may be based on your activities across the Internet and mobile media ( `` Behavioral Ads '' ) .
In addition , we may serve ads on our Web Sites based on your usage information ( `` Contextual Ads '' ) .
Behavioral Ads and Contextual Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
If you object to Contextual Ads , do not use our Web Sites .
If you object to receiving Behavioral Ads from us on third party sites , you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below .
Our third party ad network and exchange providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies ( including Flash cookies ) , web beacons and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral usage information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier .
These third party Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
OfficeMax offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads that come directly from us .
To opt-out of targeted related advertising provided by OfficeMax , click here .
If you opt-out , you may still see OfficeMax targeted ads on third party sites for reasons further explained below .
Third-party Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us , even those used to serve our ads .
Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect .
We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice .
The relevant third party 's terms of service , privacy policy , permissions , notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection , storage and sharing practices .
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties .
However , some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices , and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here .
Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you , but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different Device or change web browsers , your NAI opt-out may not , or may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on the NAI 's web site accessible by the above link .
Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out .
We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties ' opt-out options or programs .
How might this Privacy Policy change in the future ?
If our information practices change at some time in the future , we will post the revised privacy policy on the Web Sites with an updated `` Effective Date '' to notify you of these changes .
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how OfficeMax will use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification .
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how OfficeMax is protecting your information .
How can I access or change my Personally Identifiable Information ?
Upon request , we offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in your contact information .
Customers can have this information corrected by calling us at the telephone number below , writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax ?
How do I change my preferences about how my Personally Identifiable Information is shared ?
To remove your name from our marketing lists or if you 'd prefer not to have your name , mailing address or purchasing information shared with other companies , let us know your preferences by calling us at the telephone number below , writing to us at the address below or e-mailing us at the e-mail address below under How do I contact OfficeMax ?
How do I contact OfficeMax ?
Attention : Direct Mailing Lists
263 Shuman Blvd .
Naperville , IL 60563
What is the list of third parties we work with that provide an ability to opt-out ?
The following third parties we have engaged or otherwise allow to interact with the Websites have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices , and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities , as follows :
Party Service For More Information Use of Tracking Technologies Privacy Choices
Google/Doubleclick Google Analytics for Display Advertisers , Ads Preferences Manager , and Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
ytics/bin/answer.py ? hl=en & topi
s/ads/onweb/ ? hl=en & sig=ACi0T
Yes See information links in prior column .
Dotomi Online Marketing Services , Behavioral Advertising
Yes See information links in prior column .
PLEASE NOTE : We are not responsible for third-party policies or practices .
We try to keep this information current , and will add to and subtract from the chart above as appropriate , but it is provided as a courtesy and may not be current or accurate .
Please contact the applicable third parties regarding their privacy and data security policies and practices .

Thank you for using Pinterest ! We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect , how we use it , and what choices you have .
Because we 're an internet company , some of the concepts below are a little technical , but we 've tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way .
We welcome your questions and comments on this policy .
What information do we collect
We collect information in two ways :
When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it .
When you sign up for or use our products , you voluntarily give us certain information .
This can include your name , profile photo , pins , comments , likes , email address you used to sign up , and any other information you provide us .
If you 're using Pinterest on your mobile device , you can also choose to provide us with location data .
You also may give us permission to access your information in other services .
For example , you may link your Facebook or Twitter account to Pinterest , which allows us to obtain information from those accounts ( e.g. , your friends or contacts ) .
The information we obtain from those services often depends on your settings or their privacy policies , so be sure to check what those are .
We also get technical information when you use our products or use websites or apps that have Pinterest features .
These days , whenever you use a website , mobile application , or other Internet service , there 's certain information that almost always gets created and recorded automatically .
The same is true when you use our products .
Here are some of the types of information we collect :
When you use Pinterest or go to a webpage or use an app that has Pinterest features ( like our Pin It button ) , our servers automatically record information ( log data ) including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you 're using it .
This log data may include your Internet Protocol address , the address of the web pages you visited that had Pinterest features , browser type and settings , the date and time of your request , how you used Pinterest , and cookie data .
Depending on how you 're accessing our products , we may use cookies ( a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website , unique to your Pinterest account or your browser ) , or similar technologies to record log data .
When we use cookies , we may use session cookies ( that last until you close your browser ) or persistent cookies ( that last until you or your browser delete them ) .
For example , we may use cookies to store your language preferences or other Pinterest settings so you dont have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest .
Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Pinterest account ( including personal information about you , such as the email address you gave us ) , and other cookies are not .
In addition to log data , we may also collect information about the device you 're using Pinterest on , including what type of device it is , what operating system you 're using , device settings , unique device identifiers , and crash data .
Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you 're using and its settings .
For example , different types of information are available depending on whether you 're using a Mac or a PC , or an iPhone or an Android phone .
To learn more about what information your device makes available to us , please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider .
How do we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and make them better , develop new products , and protect Pinterest and our users .
For example , we may log how often people use two different versions of a product , which can help us understand which version is better .
We also use the information we collect to offer you customized content , including :
Suggesting pins or boards you might like .
For example , if you 've indicated that you 're interested in cooking or visited recipe websites that has Pinterest features , we may suggest food-related pins , boards , or people that we think you might like ;
Showing you ads you might be interested in .
Learn more about how we use information from outside of Pinterest to customize your Pinterest experience .
We also use the information we collect to :
Send you updates ( such as when certain activity , like repins or comments , happens on Pinterest ) , newsletters , marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you .
For example , depending on your email notification settings , we may send you weekly updates that include pins you may like .
You can decide to stop getting these updates by updating your account settings ( or through other settings we may provide ) .
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest .
For example , if you sign up using a Facebook account , we may help your Facebook friends find your account on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest .
Or , we may allow people to search for your account on Pinterest using your email address .
Respond to your questions or comments .
The information we collect may be personally identifiable ( meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person ) or non-personally identifiable ( meaning it ca n't be used to specifically identify you ) .
We use both types of information , and combinations of both types , as described above .
We may use or store information wherever Pinterest does business , including countries outside your own .
What choices do you have about your information
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices over your information .
If you have a Pinterest account , many of the choices you have on Pinterest are built directly in to the product or your account settings .
For example , you can :
Access and change information in your profile page at any time , choose whether your profile page is available to search engines , or choose whether others can find your Pinterest account using your email address ;
Link or unlink your Pinterest account from an account on another service ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) .
For some services ( like Facebook ) , you can also choose whether or not to publish your activity on Pinterest to that service .
Create or be added to a secret board .
Secret boards are visible to you and other participants in the board , and any participant may choose to make the contents of the board available to anyone else .
For example , another participant may invite someone else to the board , make the board available to an app they use to view Pinterest , or even just take an image from the board and email it to their friends .
For more information about secret boards , please visit our Help Center .
Choose whether Pinterest will be customized for you using information from off-Pinterest websites or apps .
If you have a Pinterest account and do n't want your off-Pinterest data to be used to tailor your experience , you can visit your account settings and update your Personalization preferences .
If you do n't have a Pinterest account , or do n't want us to customize Pinterest for you when you 're signed out , you can opt out here .
Also , we support the Do Not Track browser setting , and you can learn more about how it affects our collection and use of off-Pinterest data .
Close your account at any time .
When you close your account , we 'll deactivate it and remove your pins and boards from Pinterest .
We may retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes ( including to help address fraud and spam ) .
In addition to the examples above , we offer other choices that you can learn more about in our Help Center .
You may have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest .
The browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage ;
Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is shared with us .
To learn more about these choices , please see the information provided by the device or software provider .
How do we share the information we collect
Pinterest is a tool people use to find their inspirations , make them a reality , and inspire others in the process .
When you create public boards and pins , anyone can view them .
You may also provide us with profile page information that that anyone can view .
The other limited instances where we may share your personal information include :
When we have your consent .
This includes sharing information with other services ( like Facebook or Twitter ) when you 've chosen to link to your Pinterest account to those services or publish your activity on Pinterest to them .
For example , you can choose to publish your pins to Facebook or Twitter .
We may employ third party companies or individuals to process personal information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy .
For example , we may share data with a security consultant to help us get better at identifying spam or with our accountants to make sure we 're keeping the books right .
In addition , some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf .
For more information about the providers we use , please see our Help Center .
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation or legal request ; to protect the safety , rights , or property of the public , any person , or Pinterest ; or to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
We may engage in a merger , acquisition , bankruptcy , dissolution , reorganization , or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy .
We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners or others .
For example , we may tell a business using Pinterest how many people repinned something they shared , or the percentage of people who click a on pin after viewing it .
Our Policy on Children 's Information
Pinterest is not directed to children under 13 .
If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent , please contact us .
How do we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time , and if we do we 'll post any changes on this page .
If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect , you agree to the revised policy .
If the changes are significant , we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent as required by law .

Effective Date & Last Modified October 25 , 2012 .
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITES OR SERVICES .
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES ( OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME ) , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
This Privacy Policy tells you the types of information we collect when you use our Sites or Services , how we use that information , and the instances in which we share your information .
Shopzilla , Inc .
( Shopzilla ) operates online shopping websites , including Shopzilla.com , BizRate.com , beso.com and other websites ( Sites ) , and provides other online services ( Services ) .
As we are based in the United States of America , your information will be transmitted to , held and processed by us there in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
SUMMARY OF KEY PRINCIPLES
We thought it would be helpful to set out briefly the key ways in which we use your information and how we seek to protect privacy .
Of course , you should read the terms of our full Privacy Policy .
We typically collect two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ( e.g. , full name or phone number ) ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you ( e.g. , your IP address or type of browser ) ;
This information is transmitted to , held and processed by us in the United States of America ;
We typically use this information to provide you with our website and related services , and to produce reports and data about online shopping ;
We may disclose this information to authorized third parties including our merchants , advertising and promotional partners and third party service providers for these purposes ;
Through the use of cookies , we work with and permit advertising networks to collect anonymous information about you to send you their ads and use the same information to send you our ads ( see section III below ) ;
You may at any time opt-out of certain activities as set out below ( see section VI ) ;
We encrypt any information you input using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software and take reasonable security measures to safeguard information ;
If you register with us , you have the ability to update or correct the information you previously provided via the account section ;
If you have any questions or concerns about privacy at Shopzilla , please contact us by clicking here ;
Our websites and our services are not designed or intended for use by children under 13 ; and
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time so please check this policy regularly .
Any material changes will be notified to you by email as appropriate .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
We collect two kinds of information related to you : ( a ) Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) ; and ( b ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) .
( a ) Personally Identifiable Information : PII includes any information that identifies you as person .
We collect your PII when you choose to register with us or when you choose to participate in an interactive feature of our Sites such as a review , survey or promotion .
You may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Sites or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , shopping interests and preferences , etc . ) when participating in a survey or poll ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Sites .
( b ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information : Non-PII is any information that does not identify you as a person including PII which has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-PII either separately or together with your PII as described above .
We collect certain non-PII from you when you access our Sites including IP addresses and information relating to your browser , operating system , ISP , the third party website from which your visit originated and how you use our Sites such as the web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
PII and Non-PII is used to provide , or improve , our Sites and Services to you and to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you and understand your needs , or is used in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may disclose PII and Non-PII to :
( 1 ) our third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf in connection with the operation of the Sites or Services e.g. , providers who host and manage data , process credit card orders , deliver our merchandise , etc ;
( 2 ) participating sponsors to a program or promotion you enter through our Sites or Services ;
( 3 ) our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( affiliated companies ) for operational , marketing and promotional purposes ;
( 4 ) co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships ;
( 5 ) participating merchants where you consent at the time you submit PII to us when using the interactive features of our Sites such as surveys and reviews concerning our participating merchants ; and
( 6 ) our other users where you choose to publicly post reviews , comments or other information relating to products or services , communicate with other users via public forums ( e.g. , forums , message boards , bulletin boards , etc . ) .
In addition , we use non-PII to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities ( see Preference Based Advertising below ) .
We may use your non-PII by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others to produce research reports and other information and data about online shopping for participating merchants and other customers , as well as media and other interested parties .
COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING
( a ) Cookies and Web Beacons : We and the third parties we authorize automatically receive and store certain types of non-PII whenever you interact with us by using cookies and analogous technology .
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer or your internet browser memory to enable the owner of the cookie to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you .
So , for example , our cookies may allow us to show you the past products you have searched for on our Sites .
It is important to note that the cookies that we use , or permit others to use , do not contain and are not tied to PII about you .
You may be able to direct your internet browser not to allow cookies and you can typically delete existing cookies from your computer at any time .
Please note , however , some elements of our Sites will not function properly or be available to you .
( b ) Preference Based Advertising : We also work with and permit certain third parties , including advertising networks and website analysis firms , to place cookies on your computer/browser when you visit our Sites .
These third party cookies are used to gather non-PII about your activities on our Sites and third party sites to serve you with advertisements while you are on third party sites ( Third-Party Ads ) .
If you do not wish to participate in this activity , please click here to opt-out .
Some important notes : ( 1 ) the opt-out tools for Third-Party Ads include all the advertising networks that Shopzilla works with , but also many that Shopzilla does not work with ; ( 2 ) opting out of Our Ads does not automatically serve as an opt-out from Third-Party Ads the same is true the other way around .
To opt-out of Our Ads and Third-Party Ads , you must use each respective opt-out tool above ; ( 3 ) the opt-out tools for both Our Ads and Third-Party Ads rely on cookies to ensure that your non-PII is not used for online advertising purposes ( Opt-out Cookies ) .
Therefore , i f you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer , you will need to perform the relevant opt-out tasks again ; and ( 4 ) the features of your internet browser and/or certain add-on software may allow you to block or limit the use of cookies for preference based advertising and other purposes .
We can not , however , promise that our Sites will work well or be compatible with these alternative methods of blocking or limiting the use of cookies .
SALE OF BUSINESS AND DISCLOSURE BY LAW
( a ) Business Transactions : We may disclose PII and Non-PII held by us : ( a ) to a prospective seller or actual seller of any business or assets we acquire ; ( b ) if all or any of our assets are acquired by a third party , in which case , PII and Non-PII may be one of the transferred assets .
( b ) Required disclosures : We may disclose and use any PII or non-PII if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Sites , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Sites ' s users or the general public .
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We also use a secure server hosting location in the US , firewall protection , controlled access and encryption technology to protect your data .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your PII , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your PII .
In the unfortunate event that your personally identifiable information is compromised , we will notify you by e-mail to the last e-mail address you have provided us as soon as feasible under the circumstances ( delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system , as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation . )
YOUR OPTIONS & OPT-OUTS
( a ) W hat Information Can I Access ? If you register as a Shopzilla member , you will typically have access to an account section that includes the registration information you previously provided which you can update or correct at any time .
If there is any inaccurate information that you are not able to correct , just let us know .
Also , if you wish , you can delete your membership account entirely although we may retain certain information in limited circumstances e.g. , to resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Use .
Furthermore , some information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical ( e.g. , information that is stored in our back-up systems ) and certain legal constraints .
( b ) What Choices Do I Have ( Opt-Out ) ? You have many choices regarding how we use information about you , including : ( 1 ) To stop our emails , click here ; ( 2 ) To opt-out of preference-based ads , click here ; ( 3 ) To stop the sharing of PII with our participating merchants , click here ; and ( 4 ) as discussed above , the choices we offer you anytime you submit information through our Sites or Services .
( c ) You May Contact Us With Questions : If you have any questions or concerns about privacy at Shopzilla , please contact us by clicking here .
As neither our Sites nor our Services are intended for use by children under 13 , children under 13 may not submit any PII to us .
Also , i f you are under 18 , you should use Shopzilla and submit information only with involvement of a parent or guardian .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time to reflect our changing business practices .
We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Sites or by email if the changes are material .
This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use , both as posted on our Websites and through our Services , contain all of the material terms of regarding your use of our Websites and Services .
No summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post it to our Websites and Services .
2012 Shopzilla , Inc .

This statement applies to USPS customers and usps.com visitors , unless a separate privacy notice is prominently displayed .
For over two centuries , the Postal Service has valued your privacy , and built a brand that customers trust .
Thank you for reviewing our privacy policy .
Our privacy policy tells you about our information practices when you provide personal information to us , whether collected online or offline , or when you visit us online to browse , obtain information , or conduct a transaction .
Personal information may include your name , email , mailing and/or business address , phone numbers , or other information that identifies you personally .
We do not require you to register or provide personal information to visit our website .
The policy includes detailed explanations of how we provide :
Notice of our privacy practices , including Privacy Act rights
Your choices and preferences
Security features and service provider controls
How you can access your personal information
Where to submit inquiries
Web technology ( such as cookies ) to make the site operate effectively
Online protections for children
Key aspects of our privacy policy include :
We do not sell or rent your personal information to outside parties .
We do not market other products or services to you without your consent .
We do not use web analysis tools ( e.g. , cookies ) to identify you personally without your express consent .
Notice of our privacy practices
The following describes the ways we collect information from you , and the protections that apply to your information .
The Postal Service collects personal information from you and from your transactions with us .
We use information we collect to provide you certain products and services , and if needed to respond to your inquiries or requests for information .
We occasionally collect data about you from financial entities to perform verification services and from commercial sources .
We do this , for example , to prepopulate data fields in call centers to facilitate transactions , or to market products to consumers who have agreed to receive such messages .
The Postal Service follows the privacy requirements of the Privacy Act , which protects your personal information that we maintain in what is called a system of records .
A system of records is a file , database , or program from which personal information is retrieved by name or other personal identifier .
In other words , the Privacy Act applies when we use your personal information to know who you are and to interact with you such as when you provide information to request a product or service , register on usps.com , or submit an inquiry or complaint .
The Privacy Act provides comprehensive protections for your personal information .
This includes how information is collected , used , disclosed , stored , and discarded .
When we collect and maintain personal information from you offline , a Privacy Act notice will be provided .
The following is your Privacy Act notice for personal information collected online :
Privacy Act notice : Your information will be used to provide you requested products , services , or information .
Collection is authorized by 39 USC 401 , 403 , & 404 .
Providing the information is voluntary , but if not provided , we may not process your transaction .
We do not disclose your information to third parties without your consent , except to facilitate the transaction , to act on your behalf or request , or as legally required .
This includes the following limited circumstances : to a congressional office on your behalf ; to financial entities regarding financial transaction issues ; to a USPS auditor ; to entities , including law enforcement , as required by law or in legal proceedings ; to domestic and international customs relating to outgoing international mail pursuant to federal law and agreements ; and to contractors and other entities aiding us to fulfill the service ( service providers ) .
Click below for more information on Privacy Act protections .
USPS Handbook AS-353 , Guide to Privacy and Freedom of Information Act , and Records Management
Information Collected from Emails and Online Forms
Many of our programs and websites allow you to send us an email .
We will use the information you provide to respond to your inquiry , provide information , or to fill your order for postal products and services in which you have expressed an interest .
Remember that email may not necessarily be secure against interception .
If your email communication is very sensitive , or includes information such as your bank account , charge card , or social security number , you should send it by mail unless the Web site indicates the particular site is secured .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
We automatically collect certain information about your visit to usps.com .
We limit the data collected to meet specific business needs and to fully protect your privacy .
We thus may know what path ( s ) you took on usps.com , but we do n't know who you are .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not use this information to identify you personally without your express consent .
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit :
General log informationInternet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' or `` yourschool.edu '' ) ; Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; operating system ; the browser used to access our Web site ; the date and time you access our site ; and the pages that you visited .
We use the information to help us make usps.com more useful to visitors .
We use it to learn about how locations on our site are being used , what information is of most and least interest , and to ensure usps.com can interface with the types of technology our visitors use .
We also use the information to tell us of any possible site performance problems .
Referral and statistical information where we have links or ad banners to or from usps.com .
Such data may include aggregate data such as the number of click-throughs that occurred .
It may also include specific data , such as whether you are a repeat visitor ; whether you visited a page with a banner on it or clicked on an ad banner and then used our site ( for instance , to register or make a purchase ) ; the value , date and time of any sale ; and the identity of the site which you linked to or from usps.com .
We collect this information to know which links and banners are effective .
For example , this allows us to determine which ads may be of most interest and to help us control how many times a specific ad is displayed .
How Data Is Collected - Cookies and Other Web Analysis Tools
We understand that you may have questions about Web technology and information that is collected as you surf or conduct business online .
The Postal Service has very strict policies about Web analysis tools .
Such tools include what are known as cookies and Web beacons .
The Postal Service strictly limits the types of analysis tools allowed , the data collected , and how long the tools last , in order to best serve your business needs and also safeguard your privacy .
The types of Web analysis tools we use are fully explained below , and in the attached letter from the Postmaster General .
Read the Postmaster General 's letter on Cookie Usage .
Postmaster General 's Letter on Cookie Usage PDF | HTM
Cookies may be categorized as session or persistent , which describes the length of time that they stay on your system .
Both session and persistent cookies are used on this site .
The following are detailed descriptions of how we use these cookies .
A session cookie is a small piece of textual information that a server places temporarily on your browser during the time your browser is open .
The cookies are erased once you close all browsers .
We use session cookies in the following manner :
Log-on and log-off administrationIf you decide to register with our site , so as , for example , to use one of our online services , session cookies help with the log-on and log-off process .
The cookies enable us to recognize your log-on ID when you log on so that we do not establish a duplicate registration record for you .
Transactions and site usability We use session cookies to improve how you navigate through usps.com and conduct transactions .
As examples , session cookies are used to maintain your online session as you browse over several pages ; to store and prepopulate information so that you do not have to reenter the same information twice ; to enable the postage rate calculator ; and to retain your shopping cart information .
Session cookies may also be used to collect referral statistics when you click on a link or ad banner to or from usps.com .
A persistent cookie is a small piece of text stored on your computer 's hard drive for a defined period of time , after which the cookie is erased .
We do not collect or link to personal information through persistent cookies without your express consent .
We use persistent cookies as follows :
Site usage measurementOur site measurement tool uses a persistent cookie to assist us in measuring how and when our Web site and its various components are used .
It functions as a visit cookie , so that we can determine if you are a repeat visitor to our site .
This allows us to know if we are attracting new visitors and what aspects of the site seem most useful .
The cookie will expire 30 days after your last visit .
Log-off safety functionThe USPS uses a persistent cookie to automatically log you off of usps.com if there has been no activity for 15 minutes .
This is done for your safety to ensure that , if you have finished using our site , but have forgotten to log off , no one else can use your computer via your log-on and password .
The cookie is permanently removed from your computer when you log off , or , if you have closed the browser without logging off , it is removed within 15 minutes from your last activity .
Opt-in cookiesPersistent cookies allow us , at your request , to recognize you when you return to usps.com , or to remember certain information that you have provided us .
The recognition feature allows you to log on to usps.com automatically , without having to enter your name and password each visit .
The cookie assigns a random number to you , which we link to personal information you have provided and your purchase history .
This allows us to personalize the site for you and tailor the content to your needs , for instance to show you other products you may be interested in .
Other cookies allow us to remember certain information related to prior transactions , such as package tracking numbers , or mailing or address lists , so that we may prepopulate those fields for you on return visits .
These features and cookies are strictly at your option and for your convenience .
We will also present you with a convenient way to remove the cookies , via where you manage your account , if you decide later that you want to terminate one or more of these functions .
The cookies will expire one year from your last visit .
Ad banner cookiesOn behalf of the USPS , persistent cookies and beacons ( described below ) may be set and managed by third party advertising suppliers to support ad banners .
Ad banner cookies are set when you view or click on an ad banner on usps.com , or an ad banner on another site for a USPS product , and persist for no more than five years .
A Web beacon , also referred to as a clear gif or page tag , consists of code on the USPS site that delivers a small graphic image from another Web site or third party server .
They may not be visible as the beacon is generally a 1x1 pixel that is often designed to blend into the background of a Web page .
We use beacons , often in conjunction with cookies , to monitor the effectiveness of ad banners ; and to gather general log , statistical , and referral information .
We do not use beacons to store or link to personal information .
We thus use beacons to understand certain actions that you took ( such as a purchase ) , but not to know who you are .
Third Party Web Analysis Tools
The Postal Service does not allow Web analysis tools to be used by third parties , except for service providers who help us in performing site analysis or providing a particular product , service , or advertisement .
Service providers may use session cookies , just like the USPS does , solely to improve the use of the site .
Service providers may only use persistent cookies and beacons if specifically approved by the USPS , which uses must comply fully with this policy .
Data Derived from Web Analysis Tools
We are careful to safeguard any data derived from cookies and beacons .
No data derived from session cookies , or from the log-off persistent cookie , are retained .
Data derived from other persistent cookies and beacons are retained behind the USPS firewall or a secure firewall of our service provider .
Opting Out of Web Analysis Tools
If you still have concerns about cookies , you may choose to opt out of their use .
Ad banner cookies You can opt out of ad banner cookies , without erasing or altering other cookies .
If you opt out of these cookies , we will no longer track any information from ad banners related to a specific user 's visit .
By clicking below , you will be taken to a third party site that explains how to opt out .
Click here to learn how to opt out of ad banner cookie .
Opting out of all cookies You may choose to opt out of the use of all cookies .
You will still be able to access most features of usps.com .
However , certain features may not work as well or may be unavailable to you .
You will not be able to register or purchase from usps.com because we need cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to process your transaction .
Click here to learn how to opt out of all cookies .
The Postal Service believes in permission-based marketing .
We do not sell , rent , or otherwise provide your personal information to outside marketers .
You will only receive marketing about products and services of the Postal Service or its partners , other than products and services you already receive or are registered for , under the following conditions .
If you are a consumer , we use an opt-in standard .
If you have provided personal information to register for or purchase a product or service , we will not use that information to contact you in the future about another product or service unless you have provided express consent .
If you are a business , we use an opt-out standard .
We assume you are interested in other products and services that could aid you in your business , and so we will provide information to you unless you tell us you do not want to receive it .
Consumers may opt-in , and businesses may opt-out , when they register on usps.com and create a customer profile .
These preferences in the profile can be changed at any time .
Please contact the privacy office at the addresses below with any questions about your preferences .
In those instances where we secure your personal information in transit to us and upon receipt , the Postal Service uses the industry standard encryption software , Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) .
The URL in your browser will change to HTTPS instead of HTTP when this security feature is invoked .
Your browser may also display a lock symbol on its bottom task bar line to indicate this secure transmission is in place .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , the Postal Service employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits other than those uses identified in this policy .
Unauthorized modification or misuse of information stored in this system will be investigated and may result in criminal prosecution .
The Postal Service enters into relationships with service providers in order to provide the highest quality product or service .
Service providers may include an entity that provides assistance for the program , such as a call center ; a provider of advertising services ; or a partner for the program .
The USPS holds service providers to the same rigorous standards of privacy that apply to the USPS , including being made subject to the Privacy Act and USPS privacy policies .
Service providers that have access to personal information are also subject to security review .
If you have provided personal information to us , you may request to review the information that we have maintained .
Please contact the program office that provided you the product or service , the office that handled your inquiry , or the privacy office at the addresses below .
We will correct or delete any inaccurate information upon your request .
We would like to hear from you if you have any questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or use of your information .
475 L'ENFANT PLZ SW RM 9431
We will investigate and respond to your inquiry .
Your inquiry will be treated confidentially and will be protected under the Privacy Act .
From time to time as part of a special Postal Service promotion , such as stamp collecting , we may request information from children under 13 years of age .
We will do so only with parental notice and consent .
We will take all necessary steps to protect the privacy and safety of any child participating , in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Postal Service Collection of Information from Children
We will post a notice that we are requesting information from children including the type of information , how we will use it , whether it will be forwarded to a third party , and a contact at our Web site for questions .
We will utilize the information only for the given Postal Service promotion .
We will not condition a child 's participation in an event on the provision of more information than is absolutely necessary for that promotion .
An example of such a promotion could be a stamp-collecting program that might be of interest to children .
Obtaining Verifiable Parental Consent
We will use reasonable effort to obtain verifiable parental consent prior to the collection and use of personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
The method of parental consent verification may vary according to the event in which the child wishes to participate .
Means of obtaining such consent may include , but are not limited to , offline consent such as printing and submitting a permission form by mail or fax , or online consent that contains a verifiable unique identifier such as a credit card .
The U.S . Postal Service will allow parents to review any personal information collected from their children , based on verifying the identity of the consenting parent .
Parents may revoke their consent and delete information collected from their children at their discretion .
The Postal Service will then stop collecting , using , or disclosing information from that child , and will end that child 's participation in that event if such information is necessary to continue .
We will also alert parents if the event or activity changes either the type of information collected or the way in which the site uses the information .
When Parental Consent is Not Required
We do not require parental consent in order to collect and use online contact information to :
respond directly to a child 's request on a one-time basis to a specific request where the information is not used to recontact the child for other purposes ;
request the name or online contact information of a parent for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification ;
respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child and not used to recontact the child beyond the scope of that request .
The U.S . Postal Service will provide a prominent notice to children describing in age appropriate terms what personally identifiable information will be collected , and explain the need for those children to obtain parental consent before sharing their information .

Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Share on Twitter
Table of contents :
This document contains the privacy policy of the LEGO Group .
Please feel free to browse the policy .
If you are looking for specific information , you may use the following links , which will take you directly to individual sections of this policy .
Transfer of personal data to third parties and/or other countries
Personal data collected online from children under the age of 13
Processing of personal data through LEGO channels
Review and update of personal data
This policy governs any kind of processing ( including collection , use , transfer , storage and deletion ) of personally identifiable information ( any information that may be used to identify a physical person , and any other information associated therewith ) about natural persons , which are either consumers of LEGO products or services , or representatives of our cooperation partners ( personal data ) , by all business units and entities within the LEGO Group .
This policy applies to our processing of personal data collected through any means , actively as well as passively , online as well as offline , from persons located anywhere in the world .
Any question regarding our processing of personal data may be directed to :
Attn : Privacy Officer
or to the company within the LEGO group of companies closest to you .
Generally , the LEGO Group will be guided by the following principles when processing personal data :
We will only collect personal data for specific and specified purposes ;
We will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes ;
We will not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected , except as stated herein , or with prior consent ;
We will not transfer personal data to third parties or across borders , except as stated herein , or with prior consent ;
We will seek to verify and/or update personal data periodically , and we will accept requests for amendments of personal data ;
We will apply high technical standards to make our processing of personal data secure ;
Except when stated herein , we will not store personal data in identifiable form longer than is necessary to accomplish its purpose , or as is required by law .
The LEGO Group encourages families to visit our LEGO.com sites together as a shared activity .
Transfer of personal data to third parties and/or other countries
As a general principle , we process personal data in order to facilitate or improve the LEGO Group 's offerings and services to you .
We do purchase supplementary data from public sources to complement our data bases .
We do not process personal data on behalf of third parties , nor do we sell personal data to , or share personal data with , third parties for their own , independent use , except if you allow us to do so ( see LEGO Shop at Home below ) .
We do share personal data with third party vendors when it is necessary to provide services that we do n't perform ourselves , e.g . shipping of LEGO products , mailing of LEGO Club Magazines , etc .
We also use third party data hosting companies to store personal data collected by us in their servers , and to do data validation checks for us ( see LEGO ID - Linked Accounts below ) .
We undertake or commission consumer research projects from time to time and we may share personal data with third party research companies for this purpose .
Also , such third party research companies may host survey data in their data bases on our behalf .
All data transfers to third party vendors or partners , including those listed as examples above will be subject to a written contract between us and the third party vendor or partner in question , and the vendor or partner will not have any authority to use such personal data for any purpose other than as instructed by us .
When relevant , personal information may be shared among the business units and entities inside the LEGO Group .
We will disclose personal data when legally obligated to do so under subpoena or court order , or for law enforcement purposes .
For operational security reasons , we process ( mirror ) personal data in Europe and the United States .
This means that all personal data processed by us is transferred between our facilities in Europe and the United States periodically .
Personal data collected online from children under the age of 13
When a child under the age of 13 ( or such higher age as may be determined by local law ; in the following , the age 13 is used as the common denominator for easy reference ) contacts the LEGO Group online , for example to participate in a contest or to ask a question , we will collect that child 's email address and the e-mail address of the child 's parent or guardian .
We will use the child 's e-mail address only for the purpose for which it was collected , and we will use the e-mail address of the parents or guardians only to provide notification about the child 's contact with us , and to provide notification of the types and uses of personal data collected , if and as required by law .
As a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 from whom we have collected personal data , you have the right to review and have deleted such personal data , and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such personal data .
To do so , you should contact us by clicking here Parents and guardians who wish to review personal data concerning their children will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the children concerned , and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes .
We can not and will not establish conditions that will require or encourage children to disclose personal data over and above what is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity features on our web sites .
Children under 13 years of age are allowed to participate in contests .
However , if such a child wins , notification will be sent to the parent or guardian 's e-mail address ( provided by the child when he/she enters the contest ) .
Also , we will not ask the child for any personal data beyond e-mail addresses without obtaining prior parental consent .
Any personal data obtained from children and parents during contests will be kept until the contest ends and prizes are delivered , and then it will be deleted .
If any online activity offered by us will allow children under the age of 13 to reveal personal data publicly ( for example via un-moderated chat rooms or bulletin boards ) , we will obtain parental consent before allowing the child to participate .
Currently , all such activities are moderated , monitored and/or screened .
Processing of personal data through LEGO channels
We have introduced one common profile platform ( LEGO ID ) which is usable across different LEGO online applications .
When you have created one LEGO ID for one application , it can be used for other applications as well .
A LEGO ID may be created by children and adults alike , but where an individual younger than 13 signs-up , we will , as a general rule , collect personal data from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child .
In order to create a LEGO ID , we will process personal data such as email address ( and a parent or legal guardian email address if the creator is under the age of 13 ) , birthday , country of residence , and gender .
We will also require a password and a username to be created .
The email address is used for sending account notifications and other system-related information as needed .
By linking children 's LEGO ID 's with parents or legal guardians LEGO ID 's , we enable more substantial parental control over the child 's online activities ( e.g . in regards to the LEGO Universe game ) .
In doing so , however , it is extremely important that we can verify the relationship between the child and the parent or legal guardian to whose LEGO ID the child 's LEGO ID is to be linked .
For this reason , we will process personal data in regards to the parent or legal guardian such as first and last name , mailing address , date of birth and a more reliable type of offline ID number ( e.g . driver 's license number or social security number , personal identification number or the like ) varying by jurisdiction .
We will transfer these data to an external service provider , which will perform the validation for us .
Validation services will be performed under a written contract between us and the service provider .
We will not store personal data collected for the validation in our archives .
The result we receive back will be a match ( in which case the child and the parent or legal guardian LEGO ID 's will be linked ) or a no match ( in which case the LEGO ID 's will not be linked , until and unless an appropriate relationship between the child and the applicant has been established otherwise ) .
The external service provider will process and store the personal data submitted by us strictly for documentation purposes .
LEGO Shop at Home
When you use our LEGO Shop at Home service online or offline ( e.g . ordering online via shop.LEGO.com or via the LEGO Consumer Services Center , via catalogue or otherwise ) , we will process transaction-related personal data , such as your first and last name , mailing and shipping address , phone number , email address , credit card or other payment information , and ( if you have created a [ LEGO ID ] ) your date of birth and gender .
We will also process information about your purchases with us .
We will use such personal data to process and deliver your order , to provide notification of order status , and to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available .
We will also use said personal data to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO Shop at Home communication with you , if applicable .
In this respect , we may transfer tracking information about your use of our sites to external service providers , which will help us optimize your browsing experience .
Optimization services will be performed under a written contract between us and any service provider .
If you opt-in ( or upon request ) , we will send you LEGO Shop at Home promotional and marketing emails .
These may be targeted to you based on your purchase history or online browsing behaviour .
You may allow us to share your name , address and ordering activity with carefully selected third parties in whose products we believe you might be interested .
LEGO VIP Program :
If you are 13 years or older ( age limitation may vary by country ) , you can join our LEGO VIP Program in physical LEGO Brand Retail Stores , online via LEGO Shop at Home , by phone via the LEGO Consumer Services Center , or through LEGO events offered by the VIP program .
If you sign up in a store or by phone , you will be required to subsequently visit VIP.LEGO.com/Register to finalize the sign-up process online .
We will process personal data such as your first and last name , address details , phone number , cell phone number ( optional ) , email address , credit card or other payment information , LEGO ID username and password , date of birth and gender .
We will also process information about your purchases with us ( online and offline ) , marketing preferences and your use of LEGO.com related websites .
We use your personal data to send you regular email newsletters , to send you marketing offers ( if you opt-in ) via catalogues , emails and text messages , to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO VIP Program communication with you .
We will also use your personal data to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available .
Children can join the LEGO Club .
If the child is under the age of 13 , we will , as a general rule , collect personal data relevant to the membership from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child .
Where the only personal data needed is the email address of the child ( e.g . for participation in a contest ) , we may collect the email address directly from the child , and provide notification to the parents or legal guardian as required by law .
As a member of one of the LEGO Club , the child may receive periodical LEGO Club Magazines , LEGO Club email newsletters , and be able to participate in contests , etc .
When completing a LEGO Club membership application , you consent to the LEGO Club using your child 's information for mailings and emails .
The data will be used only for LEGO mailings and will not be sold , rented , or otherwise disclosed to any company outside the LEGO Company except for companies acting as our agents to help us provide services requested by the child .
We will process personal data such as the child 's first and last name , mailing address , gender , date of birth , email address and phone number , as relevant .
You may contact our LEGO Consumer Service Center with questions or comments related to the LEGO Group , and our products and services .
You may also request replacement parts for your LEGO sets , request catalogues , etc .
When you contact us , we will process personal data such as age group , your email address , your gender , first and last name , mailing address , phone and/or cell phone number , as relevant .
LEGO Universe is a subscription based application .
If a [ LEGO ID ] has not been created previously , we will process personal data such as email address ( and a parent or legal guardian email address if the creator is under the age of 13 ) , birthday , country of residence , and gender .
We will also require a password and a username to be created .
In order to support billing and customer notification processes , we will process personal data such as your first and last name , mailing address , credit card or other payment information , and email address .
We will also process information about your LEGO Universe purchases .
We use cookies on our websites .
Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device .
A cookie itself does not contain or collect information .
However , when it is read by a server via a web browser it can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service for example , remembering previous purchases or account details .
We use cookies in order to remember your choices , to give you a better user experience by improving our web sites and for providing content more accurately suited to your needs .
This means we use cookies in order to remember :
Your browser settings , such as the type of browser you use and what plug-ins you have installed .
This keeps us from bothering you every time you enter the site in order to make sure that you have the necessary equipment to play a game or download information from our sites .
It also allows us to know how many people are using certain types of software , so that we can adjust our site to provide the best browsing experience for every visitor .
Your language and region choice .
This means that if you have once chosen English as a language this is the default language that will be using when you revisits us
What games you play , your high scores and your progress in the games depending on the features of each game .
This state is saved in Flash Local Shared Objects a.k.a . Flash cookies .
Your LEGO ID sign-in state .
Your shopping cart and shopping options .
What products you view and buy in the shop so we can provide you with suggestions
What products and gallery entries you have rated and the rating you have given
The last time we asked you to participate in a survey and whether you answered it so we do not prompt you too often
Your movement on and usage of our sites .
We do not collect personal data as part of this .
We collect statistical data so we can optimize our site .
Recently used data - to improve performance .
In case we store personal data in a cookie , the information will be encrypted and thus safe .
Some cookies last until you close your browser , others are stored for longer .
Our maximum cookie age is 400 days as we want to make sure that you can find your information if you only visit us approximately once a year .
We use third party companies as suppliers for some of our functions .
Their use of the data is controlled by our contract with them and they are only allowed to use the data strictly for the purpose we have stated .e.g . the data is not used in connection with data from other companies and we are not tracking user behavior outside our own sites .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or device by setting your browser to not accept cookies .
Some browsers provide a mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit .
This is called InPrivate in Internet Explorer version 8 and newer ; Incognito in Google Chrome version 10 and newer ; Private Browsing in Firefox version 3.5 and newer ; Private Browsing in Safari version 2 and newer and Private Browsing in Opera version 10.5 and newer .
The exact instructions for this can be found in the manual for your browser .
You can delete cookies already on your computer or device at any time .
If you choose not to accept cookies at all , you can still visit our website , however we can not guarantee an optimum experience without cookies .
In some cases , a browser is inside another program .
This list tells you how you control those :
For LEGO Digital Designer on Mac use Safari .
For LEGO Digital Designer on PC use from Internet Explorer .
For LEGO Mindstorms on Mac and PC simply restart the program
For LEGO Universe on Mac use Safari .
For LEGO Universe on PC use Internet Explorer
Review and update of personal data
You may always contact us to review and update personal data we may have stored about you .
You may either use the following link or contact our LEGO Consumer Service .
Please note that prior to accessing and making changes to your account , we must verify your identity properly .
It may take up to 10 business days before changes take effect .
Access to a number of LEGO.com services are protected by access restrictions based on the LEGO ID user name and password .
It is important that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others , and protect your password against disclosure .
All external transmissions of personal data facilitated by us are protected by encryption .
All data storage , at LEGO Group operated computer facilities as well as at business partner facilities , will be subject to written contracts .
Generally , processing of personal data will take place in accordance with applicable legislation and best practices concerning data security .
Credit card information is directed to one or more approved and certified service provider ( s ) , and will not be stored by us for longer than it takes to process the data .
Handling of personal data is controlled by documented policies and procedures , including strict physical and logical access control , security back-up , failover , anti-malware protection , monitoring and vulnerability detection mechanisms .
The LEGO Group may need to change its data processing policy from time to time to keep up with the ways in which we collect , use , transfer , store and/or delete personal data .
If policy changes are made , which would materially and adversely affect the privacy of individuals to whom this policy applies , we will endeavor to give notice of such changes to all individuals concerned .

The Type of Information the Service Collects
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service .
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service .
The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information .
Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested .
In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) .
All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your `` Registration Information '' .
Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device .
The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social-networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information .
How the Service Uses and Shares Information About You
We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service , and/or Content you have requested .
For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication .
Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) .
If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date .
If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters of public interest .
We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets .
We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
Local Device Storage and other Tracking Technologies ; Do Not Track ( DNT
The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices ( e.g. , `` cookies '' ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( `` Local Device Storage '' ) .
We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service .
For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage .
Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies .
If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it .
However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly .
In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage .
As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time .
However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals .
How to Opt-Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes .
In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith .
Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
Information Security and Notification
Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself .
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device .
This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community , and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere .
Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service .
If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
Notice to California Customers - Your Privacy Rights
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
Privacy Policy Coordinator , Opt-Out Requests and Other Privacy Questions
If you have any other concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows :
American City Business Journals , Inc .
Charlotte , NC 28202
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties .
Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator .
Make sure to include enough information for us to help you , including for example your name , contact information , and the specific website , mobile site , application , and/or other service you 're contacting us about .
Note : Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to the Privacy Policy Coordinator .
No other communications will be accepted or responded to .
For communications on other matters , please contact us through the means described on the Service , if available ( for example , in the `` Contact Us '' section ) .
If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service .

Article no . 1 : Privacy Policy - Ankama
By accessing or using the ANKAMA websites ( collectively the `` Website `` ) , you acknowledge that you have read and accepted these rules concerning the use of personal data .
If you disagree with these , you are asked not to access the Website .
In some sections of the Website , for the needs of a specific activity ( contest , poll , etc . ) or to purchase products or services , the ANKAMA company ( the `` Company '' ) may ask you for certain personal details .
The use of these services is optional and you are , therefore , not bound to provide any of these details .
However , to purchase products and services or access certain sections of the Website you must provide it as precisely as possible .
ANKAMA will use the information in a responsible way , undertaking to make every effort to prevent its circulation .
ANKAMA reserves the right to take legal proceedings against any person who attempts to access personal details that does not concern them .
The personal details you sent us may be shared with other ANKAMA subsidiaries in countries outside the European Union , particularly Brazil and Singapore .
ANKAMA may also share your personal details with third party service providers situated outside the European Union , particularly Canada and the USA .
These details are sent to recipients outside the European Union to build good customer relationships .
ANKAMA has taken every necessary precaution to ensure that your personal details are sufficiently protected either under contractual clauses established by the European Commission , or because these transfers are carried out for an American company which complies with the Safe Harbor principles .
As a user , and in application of current legislation , you are the sole person authorised to access , modify and erase your personal details .
The Company may need to gather navigation information for statistical needs via the use of cookies .
The acceptance of these cookies is compulsory for any subscription .
As regards external pages connected to the Website by a link pointing from these to the Website and vice versa , please note that ANKAMA shall not be responsible for their contents and their non-respect of this confidentiality policy .

Effective August 09 , 2010
Click Sales Inc .
( ClickBank ) is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using any of our online services .
This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we receive when you transmit data to any machine owned by ClickBank .
Click Sales , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Validate TRUSTe privacy certification
ClickBank complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
ClickBank has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Information Collection & Use
When you submit information to ClickBank to make a payment or open an account , we may collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name , address , email address , and credit card number .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of eighteen .
We automatically collect IP addresses and website usage information from you when you access any of our online services .
This information helps us evaluate how our visitors and subscribers use and navigate our websites on an aggregate basis , including , but not limited to , the number and frequency of visitors and subscribers to each web page and the length of their visits .
How We Use Information Collected
We may use information in the following ways :
To perform the actions for which you specifically provided the information ( for example , enabling us to process , validate , and verify purchases ) .
To register you as a client and establish an account for you .
To send you email notifications about our new or existing ClickBank products and services , special offers , or to otherwise contact you .
To enhance existing features or develop new features , products and services .
To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns .
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences .
Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy , we will not share , sell , rent , or trade your personally identifiable information with any entity outside of ClickBank for promotional purposes .
We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our service agreements or terms of use ( for example , to protect our intellectual property rights ) .
We may also disclose or use your personal information when we , in good faith , believe that the law may require us to do so .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter , we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you .
Out of respect for your privacy , you can unsubscribe by clicking `` unsubscribe '' within the email .
Updating Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , amend , or delete it by logging into My Account , Settings , or request the information be corrected through our Contact Us page or by contacting us at the contact information listed below .
We will respond to your request within 30 business days .
We use other third parties such as a database backup provider to protect our data , a fraud prevention service , and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf.When you sign up for these services , we will share your personal information as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
We define a cookie as any string of data that is automatically stored on your computer upon access to our online services .
ClickBank employs cookies to assign temporary identification numbers to machines that access our web servers .
This information enables us to deliver faster service to our subscribers , prevent Denial of Service attacks on our systems , detect and prevent fraudulent transactions , and assist with awarding proper sales credit to our partners .
All ClickBank cookies are 1 ) of limited duration , 2 ) less than 5KB in length , 3 ) only visible to ClickBank web servers , and 4 ) devoid of any personally identifiable information .
Third parties also use cookies and other tracking technologies on our site , of which data is only collected in the aggregate .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number or email address ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using SSL .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers .
We maintain safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personally identifiable information .
We retain personally identifiable information only as long as necessary to complete a purchase , thwart fraud , provide customer service , or maintain your account with us .
If you use a bulletin board , blog , or open forum on this website , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there may be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
We also have testimonials on our site , which post personally identifiable information .
All individuals who have posted their testimonials have given permission to do so as a client .
Links to Other Sites
If you click on a link to a third party site you will leave our site and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as us .
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services .
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on your Dashboard page .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy , you may contact us by submitting your inquiry to our Customer Service Department or :
To reach us by fax , please dial : 1-559-210-0502 .
To reach us by mail , please use the following address :
917 S. Lusk Street , Suite 200

Your privacy is very important to us and we are strongly committed to protecting it .
Our privacy policy is clear - we do not sell or rent your personal information without your explicit permission .
We may collect your personal information that can identify you when you visit / register / post information and use our site in other ways .
Please be aware that certain information such as your name , nickname , country , images , comments , posts and other information that you ( and other site visitors )
provide during registration and/or posting on our site , communicating with other users , or by using the sites in other ways may be displayed to any visitor of the site
and/or cashed , indexed , retrieved , displayed and used by search engines and third party sites .
We can not control who accesses such information and how this information is used .
Therefore , we encourage you to exercise caution when submitting personal information .
A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to a visitor 's browser by Acidcow.com .
The browser provides this piece of text to the originating Web site when this visitor returns .
A `` persistent '' cookie may be used to help save your settings and customizations across site visits .
Also , if you log in to your account , such a cookie will be used to recognize you as a valid user so you will not need to log in each time you visit the Acidcow.com .
Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept cookies , but you can change this setting so your browser either refuses all cookies or informs you when a cookie is being sent .
Also , you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time .
Please note that many features of the Acidcow.com may not function properly when cookies are disabled or removed .
As with most other websites , our server logs automatically collect your IP/ISP addresses , your internet browser type and language used , the country , date and time of your visit , pages / services used on the site and other information .
Such information may be used to track user activity and navigation around the site and its services and the dynamics and trends connected to the use of the site .
Collected demographic and other information may be also used for statistical and administrative purposes .
Changes to our privacy policy
Privacy policy is subject to change upon our discretion .
Any user/visitor of the site is deemed to have acknowledged privacy policy of the site when using the site and/or its services .
We encourage you to check it frequently .
How to contact us

This document is the Privacy Policy of Travian Games GmbH , Wilhelm-
Wagenfeld-Strae 22 , 80807 Munich , Germany ( hereafter referred to as
TRAVIAN GAMES ) .
It applies to all websites , mobile apps and games
operated by Travian Games GmbH ( hereafter referred to as TRAVIAN
In the event that a link contained on a website operated by TRAVIAN
GAMES redirects you to another website that is not operated by TRAVIAN
GAMES , or if you access the services of a third party ( e.g . when making a
payment ) , please be aware that this Privacy Policy will not apply to such
third party website .
TRAVIAN GAMES collects , processes and stores any data that you willingly
submit to TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g . in standard forms or otherwise on the
websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES ) by electronic or other
means of communication , or which has been transferred during the
interaction between you and the websites and games of TRAVIAN GAMES ,
in accordance with the following sections and in compliance with prevailing
This includes data you provide to other users when communicating with
them on websites and via games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
In more detail :
Visiting TRAVIAN GAMES websites
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Using TRAVIAN GAMES games
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Registration ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Using the games ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Communication channels ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Investigating manipulations of game operations ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Internal research ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Payment processing ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
Transfer of your data to third parties
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Cookies ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Web beacons ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
Social plug-ins ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Google Analytics ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Kontagent ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
Adeven ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
Amendments to or deletion of personal data
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Information on personal data
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
Visiting TRAVIAN GAMES websites
When you visit a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , your browser
automatically forwards the IP address , browser version , screen resolution
and operating system of the device you used to access the site .
browser will also provide the date , time and duration of the visit to the
website and the various sites you accessed during a visit .
GAMES uses this information to optimize its websites and games .
addition , TRAVIAN GAMES uses the analysis tool Google Analytics on its
Please read the comments under 4 .
d ) for more details on the
use of Google Analytics .
Using TRAVIAN GAMES games
When you register for a game operated by TRAVIAN GAMES you will be
required to enter your email address and to select a username and
This data will be permanently stored by TRAVIAN GAMES when
you validate the activation link sent to the email address you supplied
when you registered .
If you do not validate the link , this data will be
deleted after two weeks .
Please do not use your real name , the name of
another person or that of a protected registered trademark as a
In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES will assign a country to you
based on the IP address of the device which has been entered .
information will be saved to enable us to offer you an appropriate
selection of payment methods .
If you click on an advertising link on any TRAVIAN GAMES website and are
then forwarded to a website operated by TRAVIAN GAMES , a cookie will
be set on your computer that contains information on which advertising
link you clicked , for which advertiser , for which game , at what time and in
TRAVIAN GAMES will also assign a country to you based on
the IP address of your device .
TRAVIAN GAMES will assess this nonpersonal
data to optimize its advertising campaigns and for accounting
purposes regarding its advertisers .
The cookie will be deleted once the
activation link has been validated .
TRAVIAN GAMES is offering a service for an increasing number of games
that allows you to activate once only for a game and then use this game
account to move easily around multiple game worlds within this game .
The basis of this service is that the data you supply when you register for
a game will be stored in a central location by the relevant game
b ) Using the games
TRAVIAN GAMES stores and processes your personal data to implement
the game user contract that has been agreed and the use options
associated with such contract ( e.g . use of the games , utilization of
support , etc . ) .
TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the analysis tools Google
Analytics and Kontagent for its games .
Please read the comments under
d ) and e ) for more details on the use of Google Analytics and
The same applies if you access a TRAVIAN GAMES game using
one of the mobile apps operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
c ) Communication channels
The games and websites operated by TRAVIAN GAMES offer various
opportunities to communicate with TRAVIAN GAMES or other players .
TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses filtering systems that prohibit any
communications that violate 9 of the Travian Game GmbH General
Terms and Conditions .
In particular , TRAVIAN GAMES automatically uses
filtering systems to block any mass mailings and messages that are of an
offensive , obscene or racist nature , that glorify violence or any other
objectionable statements or messages that advertise products or services .
Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES records the use of the communication
channels for a short period to analyze and fix any technical errors , to
guarantee system security and integrity , to combat abusive and/or
unauthorized use and to generate user statistics on a non-personal basis .
The reports that are generated contain the date and time of the message ,
the sender and recipient , the message text and the volume of data sent .
No employees or agents of TRAVIAN GAMES will read your messages
without your consent .
Should TRAVIAN GAMES suspect any abusive
when a recipient reports a message ) , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right
to investigate the relevant game account and the messages sent from that
account and to take further action where appropriate .
d ) Investigating manipulations of game operations
TRAVIAN GAMES will collect and store records which reflect how the
websites and games operated by TRAVIAN GAMES are used , e.g . in-game
user activities and in-game communication between users or
communication within game-related services .
This includes the monitoring
of playing patterns and checks for possible manipulations of game
operations which can then serve to detect any abusive or improper
activities of users .
TRAVIAN GAMES uses special programs to detect
violations of the rules of the games , e.g . programs that can detect the use
of unauthorized scripts .
In order to do that it can store IP addresses , login
data of the last fourteen days and any other data the browser transfers as
Furthermore , TRAVIAN GAMES employs individuals
who are specifically trained to do this and who may be employees or
freelancers working for TRAVIAN GAMES .
TRAVIAN GAMES will also select
suitable individuals from its ranks of players who have expressed an
interest in performing such tasks voluntarily .
The employees , freelancers
and volunteers ( specifically trained personnel ) will have access to the
same data as the special programs used by TRAVIAN GAMES to carry out
The specifically trained employees will also be assigned to
identify , detect and penalize any infringements against the current
General Terms and Conditions and game rules , e.g . the illegal use of
several game accounts or insults to other players .
employees act exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and
instructions of TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring
compliance with prevailing data protection regulations .
processing personal data , TRAVIAN GAMES remains the liable party .
TRAVIAN GAMES ascertains that you are acting in breach of your
contractual obligations , e.g . by using unauthorized scripts , TRAVIAN
GAMES expressly reserves the right to merge your IP address with other
data which TRAVIAN GAMES has stored on you to advise you of such
TRAVIAN GAMES may then take further action against the
respective user to restore normal game operations .
e ) Internal research
TRAVIAN GAMES also uses the information stored by you or about you for
internal research regarding demography , user interest and user behavior .
The use of this data is pseudononymized .
You can object to this data
collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
your revocation to the email address indicated below .
No other costs shall
be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such
f ) Payment processing
You will have to supply additional information when making a payment
and the type of data depends on the kind of payment method you have
TRAVIAN GAMES offers a range of anonymous payment
TRAVIAN GAMES will forward the data required to process the payment to
the service providers responsible for collecting the payment .
GAMES will assign TG Payment GmbH in Munich ( Germany ) to provide
such payment services .
Collaboration with third parties also involves
payment processing via external service providers ( PayPal , credit card
companies , mobile network operators , etc . ) .
These third parties are legally
bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner
in accordance with prevailing legislation and may only use your personal
data to fulfill their contractual obligations .
When you initiate a payment during the game , a cookie will be set that
contains a randomly generated ID number .
This cookie will be required to
return you to the game once the payment process has been completed .
TRAVIAN GAMES employs persons responsible for ensuring the correct
implementation of the payment processing is adhered to and who can
therefore access any information required to do so .
exclusively in accordance with the stipulations and instructions of
TRAVIAN GAMES and are tasked in particular with ensuring compliance
with prevailing data protection regulations .
anonymized payment data to detect and prevent any misuse of the
In the event of a violation , the payment process will
In addition , TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to use the
available data to implement further measures and to potentially merge it
with other personal data .
TRAVIAN GAMES is entitled to provide data to third parties to whom
receivables due to TRAVIAN GAMES from the user have been assigned or
to third parties who are responsible for collecting payment to the extent
required to fulfill the collection of the receivables or the collection of the
Transfer of your data to third parties
In certain cases TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your personal data to the
following third parties :
Payment providers ( see above )
IT service providers ( e.g . email providers , host providers )
Database services ( e.g . analysis of advertising campaigns )
Associated companies ( e.g . payment data to TG Payment GmbH )
State agencies ( e.g . investigating authorities )
Such third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a
confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation
and can only access your personal data if such data is required to fulfill
their contract , respectively there is a legal basis for such access .
Moreover , TRAVIAN GAMES will only allow third parties to contact you for
advertising purposes with your express , prior consent , in which case
TRAVIAN GAMES will forward your email address to such third parties .
Cookies are small files that enable TRAVIAN GAMES to record certain
information about your device , for example to identify you when you revisit
a website or to generate statistics .
Most cookies are automatically
deleted when you close the browser or exit any websites or games
operated by TRAVIAN GAMES .
However , some cookies may be stored for a
The above sections describe in more detail how TRAVIAN
GAMES uses cookies .
b ) Web beacons
TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons ( aka clear GIFs or web bugs , etc . ) .
A web beacon is a link placed on a website and which points to a small
When the website is then called up with the embedded
link , the small graphic image will automatically be requested .
GAMES uses web beacons to optimize websites and advertising campaigns
by counting or recording the number of visits to a particular website , if
and when an email was opened , etc .
The above sections describe in more
detail how TRAVIAN GAMES uses web beacons .
c ) Social plug-ins
TRAVIAN GAMES uses social plug-ins on its websites and games such as
Facebook 's Like button or Facebook Connect and Google 's Google +1
A shared feature of social plug-ins is that when you access a
TRAVIAN GAMES website that uses a social plug-in , the same data will be
forwarded to the social plug-in provider that would be forwarded if you
accessed the provider 's website directly .
So for example when you call up
a provider website that has Facebook 's Like button embedded , Facebook
will receive your IP address , the browser version and screen resolution
and the operating system of the device you have used to access the site
and the URL of the website containing the Like button .
if you have used none of the services offered by such providers .
plug-in has been provided by Facebook or Google , the abovementioned
data will be transferred to the USA .
Additional information will be
forwarded if you are logged in to one of these services and/or are using
the social plug-in while you are accessing the website .
relevant provider regarding what data will be forwarded in this event .
d ) Google Analytics
TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Google Analytics for its
websites , games and game homepages .
Google Analytics uses cookies to
enable us to analyze your visit to the games and websites operated by
To do this , Google Analytics collects data using page
views , i.e . the technical features of the device used to visit the pages and
your activities on the websites and in the games operated by TRAVIAN
Google Analytics then analyses this data in the scope of its
contractual duties for TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports to include
information regarding from which URL the website or TRAVIAN GAMES
game was accessed , from which approximate geographical location a
website or TRAVIAN GAMES game was visited , how long the user stayed
on the website or in the TRAVIAN GAMES game and an outline of the
user 's activities during the visit .
TRAVIAN GAMES has configured the
Google Analytics tool such that the last octet of your IP address will be
deleted before it is saved within Europe .
You can disable the use of
cookies in your browser settings , but bear in mind that this may also
restrict the use of any TRAVIAN GAMES games or websites .
you can download and install the relevant plug-in for your browser via this
Analytics JavaScript code will be instructed to send no information on your
visits to TRAVIAN GAMES games and websites to Google Analytics .
TRAVIAN GAMES uses the web analysis tool Kontagent for its games .
this , code fragments are used in the source code of the game or the
mobile apps that are then activated when you carry out a particular action
specified by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g . registration , activation , login , account
deletion , purchase of Credits , etc . ) .
Once activated , the following data will
be sent to the Kontagent servers located in the USA : name of the game or
website , country version of the game , a randomly generated and
anonymized ID number for your account , an ID number defined for the
specified action , description of the specified action , time stamp , browser
session ID and IP address .
If you access one of the TRAVIAN GAMES
games via a mobile app , the following data will also be transferred :
network status ( e.g . 3G , Wi-Fi ) , operating system ( without the version
number ) and whether the device is a smartphone or tablet .
then analyzes this data in the scope of its contractual duties for TRAVIAN
GAMES to compile reports to ascertain how a game or mobile app is used .
In addition , Kontagent uses the transferred data in an anonymized and
aggregated form to TRAVIAN GAMES and additional clients of Kontagent
to make general statements regarding user behavior .
Besides this use in
an anonymized and aggregated form , Kontagent saves and uses the data
transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its contractual
duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES .
You can object to this data
collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
your revocation to the email address indicated below .
No other costs shall
be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such
TRAVIAN GAMES uses the external analysis and tracking tool Adeven in its
In this process , code fragments are inserted into the source text
of the mobile app and then activated when a particular action or event
defined by TRAVIAN GAMES ( e.g . installing an app , performing a specific
action , purchasing credits , etc . ) is carried out .
Once these events are
activated the following data is sent to the Adeven GmbH servers in
Germany : game name , country version of the game , a randomly
generated and anonymized ID number for your account , a defined ID
number for the specific action , description of the action , time stamp ,
3G , Wi-Fi ) , OS type ( omitting the version number ) and if it is a
smartphone or tablet .
Adeven then analyzes this data in the scope of its
contractual duties to TRAVIAN GAMES to compile reports for TRAVIAN
GAMES to make general statements regarding user behavior .
the data transferred from TRAVIAN GAMES only in the scope of its
contractual duties and as instructed by TRAVIAN GAMES .
to this data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future .
Please send your revocation to the email address indicated below .
other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of
transmitting such revocation .
You may revoke your consent at any time unless TRAVIAN GAMES is
processing your personal data for contractual or legal purposes .
revocation concerns the receipt of game information or any other emails ,
all game information or other emails sent to you include the option to
unsubscribe from any further game information or emails .
shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such
Amendments to or deletion of personal data
You may amend your personal data at any time ( e.g . to update or correct
such data ) or delete your personal data in its entirety .
TRAVIAN GAMES will not be able to comply with your deletion request if
such request conflicts with any obligations to preserve records or with any
legitimate interests of TRAVIAN GAMES or third parties .
If you would like
TRAVIAN GAMES to amend your personal data or to cease using your
TRAVIAN GAMES will then make the requested changes or delete your
data as quickly as possible .
However , TRAVIAN GAMES must remind you
that , for technical or organizational reasons , some measures may still be
carried out after you have submitted your request for deletion had such
measures already been initiated but not completed by that time .
Information on personal data
Upon request , TRAVIAN GAMES will inform you of all the personal data
that is stored about you free of charge .
This information will be sent to
you in electronic form , generally via email .
TRAVIAN GAMES reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any
time ; however TRAVIAN GAMES shall always observe the applicable data
Should you have any general questions on this Privacy Policy and on data
protection at TRAVIAN GAMES , please contact us at the addresses below .
If possible , please contact us using the email address you submitted when
you registered with the game .

Commitment To Your Privacy
This site is owned and operated by ALLNURSES.COM , INC. .
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us .
We want to make your online experience satisfying and safe .
Because we gather certain types of information about our users , we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information .
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it .
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy .
You may contact us by mail at the following address :
15050 Cedar Ave , Suite # 116-104
Apple Valley , MN 55124
Or , you may contact us by email or via Private Message .
Our Terms of Service
Information This Site Gathers And Tracks
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. gathers two types of information about users :
Information that users provide through optional , voluntary submissions .
These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters , to participate in our message boards or forums , to email a friend , and from participation in polls and surveys :
Information ALLNURSES.COM , INC. gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites .
This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience .
Because ALLNURSES.COM , INC. derives its revenue mainly from sponsorships , advertisement and / or donations , providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service free to users .
Under no circumstances does ALLNURSES.COM , INC. divulge any information about an individual user to a third party .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. Gathers User Information In The Following Processes :
We offer the following free services , which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users :
Electronic newsletters ( Dispatches )
We will offer a free electronic newsletter to users .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe .
Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page .
Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration .
Users of the site 's Message Boards and Forums must register separately for these services ( both are free of charge ) in order to post messages , although they need n't register to visit the site .
During registration the user is required to supply a username , password , and email address .
`` E-mail this to a friend '' Service
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link , page , or documents to someone else by clicking `` e-mail this to a friend '' .
The user must provide their email address , as well as that of the recipient .
This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and , of course , to let the recipient know who sent the email .
The information is not used for any other purpose .
We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues .
Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. may use a system to `` tag '' users after they have voted , so they can vote only once on a particular question .
This tag is not correlated with information about individual users .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience .
We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors , advertisers and partners .
We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party .
Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites , whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users .
As stated above , we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls , surveys , message boards , and forums .
We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule ( depending on the newsletter ) , and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties , including advertisers , sponsors or partners .
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and do n't like based on traffic to those areas .
We do not track what individual users read , but rather how well each page performs overall .
This helps us continue to build a better service for you .
We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users .
But we do n't track which terms a particular user enters .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs .
Because we do n't track the usage patterns of individual users , an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked their ad .
We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public .
Sharing Of The Information
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience 's demographics .
This is essential to keeping our service free .
We will not share information about individual users with any third party , except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems .
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers .
We give users options wherever necessary and practical .
Such choices include :
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters .
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas , which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
By using this site , you consent to the collection and use of this information by ALLNURSES.COM , INC. .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
The information we collect is used for the following purposes :
We also use third-party advertising companies which makes use of cookies .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We will collect the following data :
Cookies and Web Beacons
The following explanation is provided :
Like many other Web sites , ALLNURSES.COM , INC. makes use of log files .
The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , type of browser , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , date/time stamp , referring/exit pages , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement around the site , and gather demographic information .
IP addresses , and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable .
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and do n't like based on traffic to those areas .
We do not track what individual users read , but rather how well each page performs overall .
This helps us continue to build a better service for you .
Cookies and Web Beacons
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. use cookies to store information about visitors preferences , record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit , customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser .
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site , so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you .
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site .
Our advertising partners include :
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to ALLNURSES.COM , INC. and other sites on the Internet .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on ALLNURSES.COM , INC. send directly to your browsers .
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs .
Other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices .
ALLNURSES.COM , INC. 's privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other advertisers or web sites .
If you wish to disable cookies , you may do so through your individual browser options .
More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers ' respective websites .

Important changes for Allrecipes users : we 've updated our privacy policy to reflect recent site improvements including email , alerts , other communication methods , and international use .
You may read our entire Privacy Policy below and our Terms and Conditions here .
Last updated : October 17 , 2012
About the Privacy Policy
Types of Information We Collect
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
Registration , Purchases ; Other Information Submissions
E-mail-A-Friend or Invite a Friend
E-mail Change and Unsubscribing
Public Forums : Message Board , Blogs
Contests , Promotions , Offers and Surveys
Cookies , Web Beacons and Log Files
Disclosure of Personal Information
Protection of Allrecipes.com and Others
Your California Privacy Rights
About the Allrecipes.com Privacy Policy
At Allrecipes.com , Inc .
( Allrecipes.com ) , we recognize the importance of your privacy .
That said , it 's understandable that you may be concerned with the information you provide to us or that is collected by us and how we use and disclose it .
With these concerns in mind , we 've developed the Allrecipes.com Privacy Policy , outlined below .
This Privacy Policy explains Allrecipes ' privacy practices for visitors to our Web site at Allrecipes ( the Web site ) .
By using our Web site , you consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Allrecipes Terms and Conditions .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy , we will post a new policy on the Web site and update the last updated date set forth above .
Therefore , we encourage you to check our Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Web site to see if it has been updated since your last visit .
Types of Information We Collect
Personal Information : Personal information is information to specifically identify an individual , such as a customer 's name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card or other account number , and information about that individual 's activities when directly linked to that person such as information about his or her purchases .
Personal information also includes demographic information , such as date of birth , gender , geographic area , and preferences , when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies the individual .
Aggregate Information : Personal information does not include aggregate information .
Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products , services or customers , from which individual customer identities have been removed .
In other words , information about how you use a service might be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service , but no personal information will be included in the resulting data .
Likewise , information about the products you purchase might be collected and combined with information about the products purchased by others .
Aggregate data helps us understand trends and customer needs so that we can better consider new products and services , and tailor existing products and services to customer desires .
We might share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes , such as helping us better understand and improve our services , and for advertising and marketing purposes .
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
Allrecipes.com collects personal information from you at several different points on our Web site , as set forth below .
In general , we use personal information for the purpose for which it was collected ( such as to provide services or complete transactions you have requested , for billing purposes , and to anticipate and resolve problems with our Web site and our products and services ) , for our own internal business operations , to respond to customer support inquiries and for other purposes as described below .
Registration , Purchases ; Other Information Submissions
When you register to become a member on our Web site , you are asked to create a unique login and password , and are required to give certain personal information ( such as your name , email address , and zip code ) .
We might also request certain information about your tastes and preferences ( such as your favorite food , purchases or recipes ) .
Information you provide during registration might be used for some or all of the following :
to provide services you have requested , or to otherwise fulfill your request ; and
to contact you from time to time ( i ) about services on our Web site for which you have expressed interest ; ( ii ) with news , ( iii ) for internal marketing , informational , and promotional purposes ; or ( iv ) for any other lawful purpose related to your use of the Web site .
Additionally , your registration information might be used , together with other information you submit to us in conjunction with your use of the Web site , for the following purposes :
for editorial purposes , such as when you submit a recipe to us ( e.g. , to attribute your submitted recipe to you ) ;
to contact you for any reason regarding content you have submitted to the Web site ( e.g. , to ask you a question about a recipe you have submitted ) ; and
to identify you by name when posting content you submit to us on the Web site ( e.g. , when you request a recipe on the Web site , to post your name and a description of the recipe you are requesting ) .
If , during or immediately following registration , you choose to view offers for goods and services that are available from selected third party companies ( Co-Registration Vendors ) , we will make certain contact and demographic information you provide during registration ( e.g. , name , age , and/or e-mail address ) available to these vendors .
If you request goods or services from a Co-Registration Vendor , you might be asked to submit additional demographic and other personal information .
The Co-Registration Vendor might use your registration information which we provide to it , along with any information you submit directly to it , to fulfill , or secure fulfillment of , your request .
For additional information about disclosure of your personal information to our Co-Registration Vendors , and their use thereafter , please see the Disclosure of Personal Information section below .
We collect personal information such as your credit card , credit card billing address , and related billing information if you purchase products or services on our Web site .
We use this information to fulfill your orders and bill you for them .
Any information that is not personally identifiable information but is publicly displayed on the Web site ( such as user name and photos ) might appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Web site and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated , depending upon the search engine 's indexing practices .
As an Allrecipes member , you will receive our transactional business communications ( e.g . membership communications , administrative messages , etc . ) at your email address or street address .
In addition you might be automatically enrolled in one or more of our email subscription programs .
While we reserve the right to send you our transactional business communications without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them , we do provide you with the opportunity to select whether or not you wish to continue to receive our subscription-based emails .
See the Email and Newsletters section below for information on how to manage your subscriptions .
When you submit your email address to us to initiate a subscription to one of our newsletters we ask for personal information such as your name and email address .
This personal information is only used to send you the newsletter ( s ) you are opted in to receive .
You may choose not to receive promotional emails or electronic newsletters from us by : ( A ) following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions in the specific email from which you wish to opt-out ; ( B ) visiting the Manage My Email Subscriptions section of the Site and following the appropriate instructions or ( C ) contacting Customer Service and specifying the particular email ( s ) from which you wish to be removed .
When you elect to use our referral service for e-mailing a recipe or other content to a friend , we ask you for your friend 's name and e-mail address .
Allrecipes will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail on your behalf which contains the recipe or other content , and which invites your friend to visit the Web site .
Allrecipes uses your friend 's name and e-mail address only to send this one-time e-mail , and does not store this information .
If your friend does not wish to receive e-mail-a-friend messages to be sent on your behalf , he or she must contact you directly .
Allrecipes users may not use our referral service to send unwanted spam to others .
When You Use Invite-A-Friend or other referral services
If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing a friend about our Site or any portion thereof , you will be asked to provide your friend 's name and e-mail address .
We will then automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail ( usually including your name and email address ) inviting them to visit the Site .
We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program .
We may offer chat rooms , message boards , bulletin boards , blogs or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
Contests , Promotions , Offers , and Surveys
From time to time our Web site requests personal information from users via contests , promotions , offers and surveys .
Participation in these contests , promotions , offers , and surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore may choose whether to disclose personal information in connection with these activities .
Personal Information requested in these activities might include contact information ( e.g. , your name and shipping address ) and demographic information ( e.g. , your zip code or age level ) .
We use this information to notify you if you 've won and to award prizes .
We use information we collect in surveys for internal purposes , such as to ascertain the use of this Web site and improve its usefulness to you .
We might also provide third parties with this information , and might combine it with some or all of your registration information .
Third parties might use the information we provide them to contact you regarding products or services of interest to you .
These disclosures are discussed in greater detail below in the Disclosure of Personal Information section .
When we provide information collected during a contest , promotion , offer , or survey on the Web site to third parties , we always disclose this to you at the time of collection .
We collect personal information when you submit comments , questions or suggestions to our customer service department .
We use the information you provide to respond to your submission and use the ideas to make site improvements .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and Log Files
Cookies : We use cookie technology on our Web site .
We might place one or more cookies in the browser file of your computer .
Although such cookies do not contain any personally identifying information about you , we might link this information to personal information about you .
If we do , we will treat it as personal information under this Privacy Policy .
We use cookies to provide functional information about your browser , which is recorded in the Web site 's logs and which allows us to provide a better experience on our Website .
We also use cookies to gather broad demographic information and general usage patterns about you and other users of our Web site .
In the course of placing advertisements on this Web site , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
We use cookies to enhance and personalize your experience on the Web site , including helping authenticate you when you use the Web site , remembering your preferences and registration information and customizing the content , and advertisements provided to you on the site .
For example , storing a cookie on your computer allows you to log in without typing the registered e-mail address or registration number and password .
We also use cookies to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests .
If you do not want these cookies stored on your computer you can reject cookies by modifying your browser settings accordingly ( each browser is different , so check the Help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences ) .
However , if you choose to reject cookies , you might not be able to access products and services we offer which require you to login or sign in .
Please also note certain types of e-mails available through the Web site might automatically log you in to the Web site and/or set new cookies when you click on the links in the e-mails and you might need to manually remove such cookies if you do not want them to be set on your computer .
See section titled Third-Party Web site Advertising - General below for additional information about cookies .
Web Beacons : We use , and permit third parties to use , Web beacons ( also known as Internet tags , pixel tags , single-pixel GIFs , clear GIFs , invisible GIFs , 1-by-1 GIFs , and Web bugs ) on our Web site and in our e-mail newsletters , to monitor the effectiveness of advertising and for other lawful purposes .
These Web beacons do not collect personally identifying information about you on our Web site .
Log Files : We track log files on our Web site ( i.e. , we log your computer 's IP address into our log files when you visit a page on our Web site ) and use them to analyze trends , administer the Web site , track your movements on the Web site , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We might link some or all of this information to personally identifiable information that is stored on a cookie in your computer .
We only use information gathered from these activities for our internal marketing and operational purposes .
Third Party Service with Cookies : We may use one or more third party services to compile nonpersonal information regarding our user 's browsing habits , such as page views , visits , unique visitors , etc .
Click here to learn more information about how we use a third party service with cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons to collect and use information on this Web site .
Disclosure of Personal Information
Allrecipes will not sell , rent , or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy .
Consent : With your consent , we might disclose your personal information to third parties in order to provide you with products and services that you have requested .
During or immediately following registration , you have the option to view and select offers from various third party companies that may be of interest to you , such as retailers and consumer products manufacturers .
These offers are made available to you by our Co-Registration Vendors .
If you choose to view these offers we will make information you provide during registration available to these vendors .
The vendors will forward this information , along with any other information you provide in conjunction with your request , to companies you have selected in order to fulfill , or facilitate fulfillment of , your request ( s ) .
Our Co-Registration Vendors are contractually obligated to keep all such information confidential and to only use it for the purposes for which it was provided .
If you do not select any of the available offers , the vendors will delete your information which they have been provided .
Please note , however , that any information that is passed on by these vendors to third party companies that you select is subject to those third parties ' privacy practices .
With your consent , we might disclose information you provide to us during registration to third parties in conjunction with ( i ) your entry into a contest or promotion , ( ii ) your request of an offer , or ( iii ) your participation in a survey or similar activity on the Web site .
You might be asked for additional information in order to enter the contest or promotion , request an offer , or participate in a survey .
The third parties will use the information we provide to them , along with any information you provide during your entry , request , or participation , in order to ( i ) notify you if you have won a prize in a contest or sweepstakes , and ( ii ) to fulfill , or facilitate fulfillment of , requests for products or services you may make in connection with your entry , request , or participation .
These third parties are contractually obligated to keep all such information confidential and to only use it for the purposes for which it was provided .
When we provide information collected during a contest , promotion , offer , or survey on the Web site to third parties , we always disclose this to you at the time of collection .
Allrecipes ' Own Business Purposes : We use and disclose information about you for our own internal statistical , design , or operational purposes , such as to estimate our audience size , measure aggregate traffic patterns , and understand demographic , user interest , purchasing and other trends among our users .
We might outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties , provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks .
We might also share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business .
We require our third party vendors to keep such information confidential and to only use the information for the purpose it was provided .
Protection of Allrecipes and Others : We disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law ( e.g. , a lawful subpoena , warrant or court order ) ; to enforce or apply this privacy policy or our other policies or agreements ; to initiate , render , bill , and collect for amounts owed to us ; to protect our or our users ' rights , property or safety ; or to protect our users from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful use of our Web site ; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information without delay .
Business Transfers : Information about our users , including personal information , might be disclosed as part of any merger , acquisition , debt financing , sale of company assets , as well as in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the company .
We do not intend , and the Website is not designed , to collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 years old , you should not register for our services or otherwise provide information on our Website and should ask your parent to do so for you .
Third Party Web Site Advertising - General
We use one or more third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
We do not share personal information about you with any third party advertiser unless you give us permission to do so , separate from any permission you provide during the registration process .
These advertisers might seek to use cookies and Web beacons to track session data about the ads you have seen and types of things in which you appear interested .
These advertisers might also use combined information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about related goods and services of interest to you .
3rd party advertising networks may place a cookie on your computer to tailor ad content both on Allrecipes.com and on sites within the third party network that you visit in the future .
If you would like more information about this practice and how to opt-out of having this information used by Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) companies , please click here .
Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program For Online Behavioral Advertising where you can find out more about online behavioral advertising or can opt-out from receiving online behavioral ads .
Third Party Advertising - DoubleClick
Many of the ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by DoubleClick , our Web advertising partner .
Information about your visits to this site , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
For more information about DoubleClick , cookies , and how to opt-out , please click here .
Third Party Cookies - DoubleClick
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser might place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
Third Party Search Engines - Allrecipes provides access to publicly viewed site information by third-party search engine crawlers ( such as Google ) .
Allrecipes blocks access by these engines to personal information beyond the publicly viewed information you agreed to upon registering for the site , and as indicated in this privacy policy and terms and conditions .
From time to time we might have links to other Web sites from our Web site .
We do not control , and therefore can not be responsible for , the collection , use , or disclosure of your information by any such third party Web site .
Please carefully review the privacy policy of any third-party Web site that you link to from our Web site .
The privacy policies of such Web sites might differ from that of our Web site ; therefore , we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such Web sites before providing them with any information .
Allrecipes might also obtain information about you from third parties , such as demographic marketing information , address verification , or third party mailing lists , and add such information to , or combine it with , your personal information .
Should we ever obtain this information and link it to you , we will treat it all as personal information under this Privacy Policy .
We use reasonable security measures to store and maintain personally identifying information so as to protect it from loss , misuse , alteration or destruction by unauthorized parties while it is under our control .
We use secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information , such as payment information , over the Internet .
We collect , process , and maintain your information in the United States , where privacy laws might not be as protective as in your home country .
If you are using the Web site from outside of the United States , by providing your information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us by following the opt-out instructions provided in the message .
Even if you opt-out in this manner , however , you will still receive account-related messages from us .
If your e-mail address is added to the DO NOT E-MAIL list , you will not receive any newsletters or other opt-in e-mail messages .
Please note , however , that your e-mail address being placed on the DO NOT E-MAIL list does not prevent you from receiving send-to-a-friend e-mail messages , or email messages from third parties from which you requested information , products , or services from during or immediately after registration .
To opt-out from messages from these third parties , or from any other communications that you receive directly from third parties , you must contact them directly in order to opt-out .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not provide your personal information to any third party for their direct marketing purposes without your consent .
Please note that this opt-out will not prevent the use of information that has already been disclosed to third parties with your consent and you should contact them directly to opt-out from such communications .
Please indicate such a request by placing California Disclosure Information in the subject line .

The Associated Press and its affiliates ( collectively , AP , we ) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information that may be provided to us by individual users or viewers of AP content online .
Accordingly , we have adopted a privacy policy to govern how we treat such information .
AP may change this privacy policy from time to time , in its sole discretion , and any such changes will become effective when the AP posts the revised privacy policy online .
Your continued use of the AP.org web site ( the Site ) indicates Your consent to AP 's privacy policy and the most current version then in effect .
What Information Do We Collect ?
1.1 Personally-Identifiable Information : AP may collect personally identifiable information when You specifically and knowingly provide it to us , for example when You provide Your personal information such as Your e-mail address , name , phone number or address or when You submit credit card information for payment of services .
AP may also collect individual user information that You provide to us offline and AP will treat such information in the same manner as if it was collected offline and not via the Site .
1.2 Cookies : AP , or third parties on our behalf , may also collect non-personally identifiable information via the use of cookies .
Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies are used to assist You in using site information and content by saving Your user preferences .
Cookies are also used to collect aggregate information about Web site users on an anonymous basis .
What Does The Associated Press Do With The Information That It Collects ?
2.1 AP will use the personally identifiable information directly submitted by You solely for the purpose for which You have provided it , whether it be to subscribe to a service , request information , order a reprint of an article or photograph , etc .
We will only use and disclose the credit card information submitted by You as necessary to process Your payment transaction .
We may also use the information You provide to us to contact You for reasons related to Your original communication to us .
Additionally , we may periodically send You promotional e-mail about existing or prospective products and services offered by AP , as well as to obtain information to better understand our users .
We may also use information You provide to better serve You , and , if You have given Your consent for us to do so , to send You e-mails concerning offers from our partners and other third parties that we think may be of interest to You .
We may disclose the information we collect about You to our affiliates and to nonaffiliated third parties that perform services on our behalf , including , without limitation , marketing services ; provided , however , that we will not disclose any credit card numbers which may be provided by You except for the purpose of payment for services .
2.2 With regard to non-personally identifiable information , AP is currently using and has contracted with third party vendors to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer our content in order to improve our services .
We may also perform statistical analysis of user behavior in order to measure interest in our online products and services for product development purposes .
2.3 AP will not disclose any personally identifiable information about our current or former users to anyone , except as permitted or required by law , or as described herein .
AP will endeavor to maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality of the information that we collect online .
With Whom Does The Associated Press Share The Information That It Collects ?
3.1 As a general rule , AP will not disclose any of Your personally identifiable information except under one of the following circumstances : we have Your permission ; we determine in good faith that it is legally required to be revealed by any relevant statute , regulation , ordinance , rule , administrative or court order , decree , or subpoena ; information revealed during the course of AP 's enforcement of the policies and procedures of this Web site ; information that we determine must be disclosed to correct what we believe to be false or misleading information or to address activities that we believe to be manipulative , deceptive or otherwise a violation of law ; where You are otherwise notified at the time we collect the data ; where we need to share Your information to provide the product or service You have requested ; when disclosed to an affiliate of AP or when such disclosure is made subject to confidentiality restrictions in connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Site to which the AP privacy policy applies .
AP may share the non-personally identifiable information that AP gathers , in aggregate form only , with advertisers and other partners .
4.1 AP does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database .
5.1 If You are located outside of the United States , please note that the information You provide to us will be transferred to the United States .
By using this Web site , You consent to this transfer .
How Does A User Change Or Update Its Information ?

Privacy Policy and APA Website Security
The American Psychological Association ( APA ) is committed to maintaining your trust , values your privacy and recognizes the sensitivity of your personal information .
We work toward protecting the privacy of users of our website .
We have carefully crafted this Privacy Policy to address concerns you might have , and to assure you that if you give us personal information , we will treat it carefully and appropriately .
This Privacy Policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
Where personal information is required to use or interact with the Sites , it is our policy that this information such as your name , postal or email address , or telephone number is private and confidential .
The personal information you provide to APA is stored in a secure location , accessible only by appropriate staff , and is used for the purposes set forth in this policy , such as to reply to a question or to send requested materials .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personal information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personal information , such as your IP address or cookies .
`` Personal information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , postal address , telephone number , or email address .
The APA collects and stores the personal information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personal information on the Sites :
We will collect your first and last name , email address , and postal address when you become a member and sign up to receive information from the APA ; We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; We may collect your first and last name , postal address and billing information if you make a purchase through our Sites ; andWe may collect your device ID number when you interact with the Sites using a mobile device .
The above list provides an example of the personal information that may be collected from you on the Sites .
If you do not want the APA to collect your personal information , please do not provide it to us .
Non-Personal information can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , ZIP code or other geolocation data , or interests .
Non-personal information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.Cookies APA websites use `` cookies '' to improve functionality and usability .
We use this information for planning , tracking and to improve the technical functions of our sites and products .
By using our products and agreeing to this policy , you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy .
Cookies are text files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the user 's computer or mobile device .
If the browser is loading a page and the server requests the information stored in the cookie , the cookie is sent back to the server .
Cookies contain data about the user 's activities on the website , and can be used by Web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website , and to identify users returning to a website .
Cookies may be either `` persistent '' or `` session '' cookies .
A persistent cookie will remain valid until its set expiration date ( unless deleted by the user ) .
A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session , when the Web browser is closed .
How APA uses cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies the user , but information that we store about the user may be linked by us to the information stored in and obtained from cookies .
APA websites use the information we obtain from people 's use of our website through cookies for the following purposes :
To recognize the user 's computer when the user visits the website.To track some user actions during website navigation.To improve the website 's usability.To analyze the use of the website.To administer the website.To report click-through data to our advertisers .
When users visit APA websites third-party cookies may be sent to their computers by APA 's advertisers or service providers .
They may use the information obtained from these cookies :
To track users browsing across multiple websites.To build profiles of users ' Web surfing.To target advertisements that may be of particular interest to users .
Most browsers allow users to refuse to accept cookies .
In Internet Explorer , you can refuse all cookies by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Internet Options , '' `` Privacy , '' and selecting `` Block all cookies '' using the sliding selector.In Firefox , you can block all cookies by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Options , '' and un-checking `` Accept cookies from sites '' in the `` Privacy '' box.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking `` Options , '' `` Under the hood '' and Content Settings in the `` Privacy '' section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can block cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the Privacy tab and Block cookies .
Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites .
If you block cookies , you may not be able to log on , access content or use search functions , for example .
Users can also delete cookies already stored on their computers :
In Internet Explorer , you must manually delete cookie files.In Firefox , you can delete cookies by first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you `` clear private data '' ( this setting can be changed by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Options '' and `` Settings '' in the `` Private Data '' box ) and then clicking `` Clear private data '' in the `` Tools '' menu.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking `` Options , '' `` Under the hood , '' and Content Settings in the `` Privacy '' section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can delete cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the `` Privacy '' tab and selecting `` Remove All Website Data . ''
Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites .
Web Beacons ( also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` Web bugs '' or `` pixel tags '' ) `` Web Beacons '' are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , Web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages.Demographic Information `` Demographic Information '' may be your gender , age , ZIP code or geolocation data , and/or interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personal information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites .
Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
We use your personal information that is collected on the Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , such as educational programs , information or newsletters you request or purchase ; To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from APA or other third parties or to forward promotional materials ; To process your order and , if necessary , to contact you regarding the status of your order ; To fulfill the terms of a promotion ; To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ; To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ; To contact you regarding additional services and features ; To request your feedback about your experience with APA ; To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy , if necessary ; andTo allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites .
Non-personal information is used as described above and in other was as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personal information with personal information .
Release of Information to Third Parties
The APA member and affiliate directories are available only to members and affiliates in a members-only section of the site .
All members ' and affiliates ' names are listed in the directory , but members have the option to suppress other information .
Personal information collected as a function of the APA Sites will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided and in the following instances :
To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to download information through the Sites , we may share your personal information in order to provide the information to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personal information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personal information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personal information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personal information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information.To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on APA 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personal information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personal information to us.To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personal information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of APA and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personal information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties .
The Sites do not knowingly target children under the age of 13 and we do not collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 .
In the event we learn that such information has been provided to the Sites , we will delete or destroy it .
Third Party Websites and Advertisers
The APA Sites may provide you with links to other websites , although we do not necessarily advise that you are linking to another website .
In the event that you choose to access such websites , APA is not responsible for any actions or policies of those sites .
Further , please note that the third party 's Privacy Policy and security practices may differ from APA standards .
APA neither assumes responsibility for , nor does it control , endorse or guarantee any aspect of your use of the linked site .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy of such a party before providing personal information to it .
The APA may also permit advertisers , third party ad networks or other advertising companies to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , Web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which Web pages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS
We communicate with our members on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , members can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communications from us , such as messages or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties .
For emails , you may opt-out by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of an email .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
If you have elected to receive notices to your mobile device via text message , you may opt-out by replying STOP to such mobile message .
You may receive a confirmatory text message in response to your STOP request and you hereby consent to receipt of such confirmation .
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
APA reserves the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason without prior notice .
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of our policies .
We may also contact you by email with changes .
Additionally , we will updated the last updated date below .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to APA is done at your own risk .
However , APA uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website , email and mailing lists .
These measures include technical , procedural , monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , loss , alteration or destruction .
Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption .
Member and purchaser information is a high priority and we use our own protective measures , as well as the capabilities of our software and hardware vendors .
We realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions , as almost every website , service and user encounters .
In those instances , our goals are to move quickly to isolate the problem , ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any inconvenience to our users .
As appropriate and necessary , APA will notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions of the APA website .
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personal and non-personal information collected via the Sites .
Please email any problems or questions to Customer Service .
While we may not be able to respond to every report , we take each report seriously and will investigate it thoroughly .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding the APA 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us at Customer Service .
Effective Date : Aug. 26 , 2013
Last Updated : Aug. 26 , 2013

This terms of use agreement ( the `` Agreement '' ) governs your use of the collection of Web pages and other digital content ( the `` Collections '' ) available through the Internet Archive ( the `` Archive '' ) .
When accessing an archived page , you will be presented with the terms of use agreement .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use the Archive 's Collections or its Web site ( the `` Site '' ) .
Access to the Archive 's Collections is provided at no cost to you and is granted for scholarship and research purposes only .
The Archive , at its sole discretion , may provide you with a password to access certain Collections , provided that you complete any required application process and provide accurate information in your application .
You may use your password only to access the Collections in ways consistent with this Agreement - no other access to or use of the Site , the Collections , or the Archive 's services is authorized .
You agree not to interfere with the work of other users or Archive personnel , servers , or resources .
Further , you agree not to recirculate your password to other people or organizations or to copy offsite any part of the Collections without written permission .
You acknowledge that you have read and understood the Archive 's Privacy Policy and agree that the Archive may collect , use , and distribute information pursuant to that policy .
If you provide any content to the Archive , you grant the Archive a nonexclusive , royalty-free right to use that content .
Some of the content available through the Archive may be governed by local , national , and/or international laws and regulations , and your use of such content is solely at your own risk .
You agree to abide by all applicable laws and regulations , including intellectual property laws , in connection with your use of the Archive .
In particular , you certify that your use of any part of the Archive 's Collections will be noncommercial and will be limited to noninfringing or fair use under copyright law .
In using the Archive 's site , Collections , and/or services , you further agree ( a ) not to violate anyone 's rights of privacy , ( b ) not to act in any way that might give rise to civil or criminal liability , ( c ) not to use or attempt to use another person 's password , ( d ) not to collect or store personal data about anyone , ( e ) not to infringe any copyright , trademark , patent , or other proprietary rights of any person , ( f ) not to transmit or facilitate the transmission of unsolicited email ( `` spam '' ) , ( g ) not to harass , threaten , or otherwise annoy anyone , and ( h ) not to act in any way that might be harmful to minors , including , without limitation , transmitting or facilitating the transmission of child pornography , which is prohibited by federal law and may be reported to the authorities should it be discovered by the Archive .
You agree that we may contact you from time to time with surveys or other questions regarding your opinions about and uses of the Archive , as well as with information we believe may be of interest to you .
We encourage you to respond to these surveys because we value your input , which will assist us in improving the Archive .
In addition , we request that , according to standard academic practice , if you use the Archive 's Collections for any research that results in an article , a book , or other publication , you list the Archive as a resource in your bibliography .
While we collect publicly available Internet documents , sometimes authors and publishers express a desire for their documents not to be included in the Collections ( by tagging a file for robot exclusion or by contacting us or the original crawler group ) .
If the author or publisher of some part of the Archive does not want his or her work in our Collections , then we may remove that portion of the Collections without notice .
The Archive may immediately terminate this Agreement at its sole discretion at any time upon written notice ( including via email ) to you .
Upon termination , you agree that the Archive may immediately deactivate any password it has issued to you and bar you from accessing the Collections or the Site .
The Archive may modify this Agreement from time to time , and your continued use of the Collections and/or the Site constitutes your acceptance of any and all modifications .
The Archive will attempt to notify you of substantial modifications via the email address that you have registered with us , if any .
Because the content of the Collections comes from around the world and from many different sectors , the Collections may contain information that might be deemed offensive , disturbing , pornographic , racist , sexist , bizarre , misleading , fraudulent , or otherwise objectionable .
The Archive does not endorse or sponsor any content in the Collections , nor does it guarantee or warrant that the content available in the Collections is accurate , complete , noninfringing , or legally accessible in your jurisdiction , and you agree that you are solely responsible for abiding by all laws and regulations that may be applicable to the viewing of the content .
In addition , the Collections are provided to you on an as-is and as-available basis .
You agree that your use of the Site and the Collections is at your sole risk .
You understand and agree that the Archive makes no warranty or representation regarding the accuracy , currency , completeness , reliability , or usefulness of the content in the Collections , that the Site or the Collections will meet your requirements , that access to the Collections will be uninterrupted , timely , secure , or error free , or that defects , if any , will be corrected .
We make no warranty of any kind , either express or implied .
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Internet Archive and its parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , officers , directors , and employees from and against any and all liability , loss , claims , damages , costs , and/or actions ( including attorneys ' fees ) arising from your use of the Archive 's services , the site , or the Collections .
You agree that this Agreement is governed by California law and that any suit arising from this Agreement will be brought in San Francisco , California , and you further agree that on the election and reasonable notice of either party any litigation shall be referred to arbitration pursuant to the California Code of Civil Procedure , 1280 et seq .
In addition , you agree that should any provision in the Agreement be found invalid , unlawful , or unenforceable , that provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions .
Under no circumstances , including , without limitation , negligence , shall the Archive or its parents , affiliates , officers , employees , or agents be responsible for any indirect , incidental , special , or consequential damages arising from or in connection with the use of or the inability to use the Site or the Collections , or any content contained on the Site or in the Collections , or resulting from unauthorized access to the Collections or your transmissions of data , including , without limitation , damages for loss of profits , use , data , or other intangibles , even if the Archive has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages , so some of the above may not apply to you .
This Agreement , the Privacy Policy , and other policies posted on the Site constitute the full and complete agreement between you and the Archive and are not intended to inure to third-party beneficiaries .
We welcome your input .
The Internet Archive ( the `` Archive '' ) is committed to making its constantly growing collection of Web pages and other forms of digital content ( the `` Collections '' ) freely available to researchers , historians , scholars , and others ( `` Researchers '' ) for purposes of benefit to the public .
The Archive offers access to some of its Collections mainly by allowing Researchers to access its Unix machines .
This open approach is somewhat like the situation in a public library , where staff and patrons might see who else was in the library and a bit of what they were working on .
When Researchers using the Collections log on to the same Unix machine using different accounts , some sharing of information may take place .
While the Archive endeavors to enforce its Terms of Use and maintain standard computer security , it is important for both those who visit the site ( `` Visitors '' ) and Researchers ( collectively , `` Users '' ) to be aware of the open nature of the Archive .
The Archive may make changes to this policy from time to time and will notify you of such changes by posting an updated date in the Terms , Privacy , and Copyright link at the bottom the home page of the Archive 's Web site ( the `` Site '' ) .
Your continued use of the Site and/or the Collections constitutes your acceptance of any changes to the Privacy Policy concerning , but not limited to , both previously and prospectively collected information .
What Personal Information May the Archive Have on Its Computers and Systems ?
Because the Archive uses standard Web logging in its Web servers , our Web server may automatically recognize the domain name of each Visitor , each Visitor 's IP address , what Web page the Visitor requests , and the time of the request , along with a variety of information supplied by the visitor 's browser .
In addition , the Archive may collect the email addresses and messages of those who communicate with it via email or who enter email addresses in forms .
The Archive may collect personally identifying information when a Researcher registers for access to the Collections , including the Researcher 's name , address , telephone number , and email address , and the Researcher 's proposal for using the Collections .
The Archive may use `` cookies '' to track Users ' activities on the Site and in the Collections .
Cookies are small files that a server transfers to the hard drive of someone who visits a site and that the server can access when the person returns to the site .
The primary sources of content for the Collections are publicly accessible Web pages that were collected and donated by third parties , but the Archive will expand on such sources through its own collection activities .
For instructions on removing a particular set of pages currently included in the Collections , please see our policies and procedures for page removal .
The communications between you and the Archive may pass through many machines , operating systems , programs , browsers , Web servers , networks , routers , Ethernet switches , Internet service providers , proxy servers , intranets , the public phone system , or other devices ( collectively , `` Devices '' ) on your premises , at the Archive , and in between .
Some of these Devices create logs of activities that are recorded on computer systems .
What Might the Internet Archive Do With the Information on Its Computers ?
The Archive has no present intention to charge for access to the Collections .
The Archive may transfer the information on its machines , including personally identifying information , into the Collections .
The Collections are made available to researchers and may be made available on the Site , or provided to third parties , for any use , without limitation .
For instance , parts of the Collections are now in the collections of the Library of Congress and the Smithsonian Institution .
Advances in data mining technology may make it possible to discover more personally identifiable information or profiles in the Collections .
The Archive may disclose any information it collects from Users if the Archive believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce its Terms of Use or other policies , to comply with the law , to comply with legal process , to operate its systems properly , or to protect the rights or property of itself , its Users , or others .
It is possible that the computers at the Archive could become compromised by others and that the information on the Archive 's computers could be collected and disseminated without the knowledge or consent of the Archive .
While the Archive endeavors to block `` crackers '' from breaking into its machines , the Archive is not responsible or liable for any such unauthorized uses of the Archive or its data .
How to Update Researcher Registration Information
Researchers can help the Archive maintain the accuracy of their information by notifying the Archive of any changes in their address , title , phone number , or email address .
The Internet Archive respects the intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights of others .
The Internet Archive may , in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion , remove certain content or disable access to content that appears to infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others .
If you believe that your copyright has been violated by material available through the Internet Archive , please provide the Internet Archive Copyright Agent with the following information :
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ;
An exact description of where the material about which you complain is located within the Internet Archive collections ;
Your address , telephone number , and email address ;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ;
A statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or are authorized to act on behalf of that owner ; and
Your electronic or physical signature .
The Internet Archive Copyright Agent can be reached as follows :
Internet Archive Copyright Agent
300 Funston Ave .
San Francisco , CA 94118

John Wiley & Sons , Inc. and its related companies ( collectively , `` Wiley '' ) recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from Users in the operation of this website , and take reasonable steps to maintain the security , integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy and Data Protection Policy .
By submitting your information to Wiley you consent to the practices described herein .
Wiley will seek to ensure that any identifiable personal information it collects during the registration and purchasing processes will be adequate , relevant and not excessive for purposes of operating this website or any of the services operated hereunder , it will be kept accurate and up-to-date based on information provided and it will be deleted when no longer needed .
Except where necessary in connection with services provided by appropriate intermediaries , who will be required to comply with the confidentiality provisions of this policy , or as expressly provided herein , Wiley will not disclose any personal information identifying Users to any third party , unless required by law or otherwise needed in connection with legal proceedings or unless we have received your consent .
Personal information and any other communications or information supplied to Wiley may be used by Wiley for internal business and research purposes and to help enhance and develop our websites .
If you provide Wiley with your postal address , you may receive periodic catalogs from Wiley , or other notices containing information about new and services or upcoming events .
On occasion , Wiley may make its postal mailing address lists available to other companies who it believes may have products and services of interest to Wiley 's customers .
If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Wiley , its imprints , or third party organizations , please let us know via phone , fax , mail , or email .
Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from those mailing lists .
If use of an electronic product , feature or service offered by Wiley on this website requires a User to provide a name and password or other personally identifiable information , the User will have the option to opt in or out of providing such information and using the product , feature or service .
Wiley may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous , aggregate usage statistics ( including `` page views '' on this website and the products herein ) and demographics but only in forms that do not reveal a User 's or Licensee 's ( for Wiley InterScience customers ) identity or confidential information , except as required by law , as needed in connection with legal proceedings , or unless we have received your consent .
Where Wiley publishes a journal or other product on behalf of a third-party , Wiley may also disclose Licensee 's identity on a confidential basis to that third-party .
Cookies are small bits of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer 's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are when you return .
Cookies remember information about your activities on the site and enable the operator of the site to make your visits more enjoyable or customize your experience .
We may use cookies in a variety of ways , such as to collect information to help us learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
We do n't use cookies to collect and store individually-identifiable information .
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely .
Links may be provided from this website to other third party websites .
In using such links , Users should be aware that each third party website will vary in terms of its privacy and data protection policies , and Wiley does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of , and usage of , personal information collected by others including , without limitation , those of any partner or affiliate .
You should be aware that identifiable personal information -- such as your name or e-mail address -- that you voluntarily disclose that are accessible to other Users ( e.g . on bulletin boards or in chat areas ) could be collected and disclosed by others .
Wiley can not take any responsibility for such collection and disclosure .
Please note that Wiley 's Privacy and Data Protection Policy is reviewed periodically .
Wiley reserves the right to modify its Privacy and Data Protection Policy at any time without notice .
Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page .
Your continued use of this website will be deemed conclusive acceptance of such modification .
Any comments or questions concerning this policy should be addressed by entering your comments through our Contact Us page .
If at any point you wish to access your personal information to ( 1 ) change your preferences , ( 2 ) review the accuracy , or ( 3 ) correct , supplement or modify your information , you may either select the Contact Us page as set forth above , or make in a written request to John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , 111 River Street , Hoboken , NJ 07030-5774 .
If you wish to modify your shopping account , you can do it directly in the My Account section .

Australia Post complies with the :
Information Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) in relation to its non-commercial activities ;
National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) in relation to its commercial activities ;
Australian Direct Marketing Association Code of Practice in relation to how we market to our customers ;
Privacy and secrecy requirements contained in Part 7B of the Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 ( Cth ) in relation to our handling of mail and postal information ;
Spam Act 2003 ( Cth ) in relation to electronic marketing ; and
Do Not Call Register Act 2006 ( Cth ) in the event that any telemarketing is undertaken .
How to contact us
Australia Post is committed to working with its customers to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy .
To contact us with a compliment or complaint or a privacy question , you can :
write to us at :
call our Customer Contact Centre on 13 POST ( 13 76 78 ) between 9.00am and 5.00pm EST Monday to Friday .
Your acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is published on our website in order to meet our obligation under National Privacy Principle 5.1 which requires us to set out our policies on the management of personal information in a clearly expressed document which is available to anyone who asks for it .
Without limiting the generality of the above statement , your use of this website constitutes an acknowledgement that you have been made aware of our privacy policies .
This policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights , or impose upon Australia Post any rights or obligations outside of , or in addition to , those rights or obligations imposed by the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) , the Spam Act 2003 ( Cth ) , the Do Not Call Register Act 2006 ( Cth ) or related legislation ( 'the legislation ' ) .
Should there be , in a specific case , any inconsistency between this statement and the Act , this statement shall be interpreted , in respect of that case , to give effect to , and comply with the legislation .
This policy includes examples but is not intended to be restricted in its application to such examples , therefore where the word 'including ' is used , it shall mean 'including without limitation ' .
Personal information means information we hold about you from which your identity is either apparent or can be reasonably determined .
We use personal information you provide only for purposes consistent with the reason you provided it , or for a directly related purpose .
Generally , we will not use your personal information to market to you unless we have either your implied or express consent but in situations where it is impractical to obtain your prior consent , we will ensure you have an ability to opt out of future such communications .
We do not share your personal information with other organisations unless you give us your express consent , or where sharing is otherwise required or permitted by law , or where this is necessary on a temporary basis to enable our contractors to perform specific functions .
When we temporarily provide personal information to companies who perform services for us , such as specialist information technology companies , mail houses or other contractors to Australia Post we require those companies to protect your personal information as diligently as we do .
Your rights and choices
You may interact with us anonymously where this is lawful and practicable .
You have the right to request access to the personal information you provide , and to correct or update your personal information .
This right is subject to certain exceptions allowed by law .
You may instruct us to remove any previous consent you provided to receive marketing communications from us .
About this Privacy Policy
We respect your personal information and your right to privacy .
At Australia Post , protecting your privacy when handling your personal information is very important to us and is fundamental to the way we serve you .
At Australia Post , we know that when you give us your personal information , it imposes a serious responsibility upon us .
We are committed to protecting your personal information and maintaining your trust .
This Privacy Policy describes the information that may be collected by Australia Post , the choices you can make about your personal information and how we protect your personal information .
Collection covered by this Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to situations in which Australia Post collects your personal information , including but not limited to collection via websites operated by or on behalf of Australia Post .
Websites may contain links to non-Australia Post websites .
Australia Post is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other websites .
We recommend you review the privacy policies of each site you visit .
Why we collect personal information and how we may use it
Generally , Australia Post will collect personal information directly from you , and only to the extent necessary to provide an Australia Post product or service , including our agency functions , or to carry out our internal administrative operations .
We may collect personal information from you when :
you fill in an application form ;
deal with us over the telephone ;
ask us to contact you after visiting our web site ; or
have contact with us in person .
You may also be able to transact with us anonymously where this is lawful and practicable .
We will collect personal information from you by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way .
We will use your personal information only for the particular purpose that you provided it , or for a directly related purpose .
We may otherwise use your personal information where that other use is :
required or permitted by law ; or
with your express or implied consent .
Direct marketing and your privacy
From time to time we may use the personal information we collect from you to identify particular Australia Post products and services which we believe may be of interest to you .
We may then contact you to let you know about these products and services and how they may benefit you .
We will generally only do this with your consent and we will always give you a choice to opt put of receiving such information in future .
Where we use your personal information to send you marketing information via the post we may do so with your implied consent or , if this is impracticable , we will ensure that you are provided with an opportunity to tick an `` opt out '' box to ensure you do not receive future such communications .
By not ticking a clearly displayed `` opt out '' box , we will assume we have your implied consent to receive similar marketing communications in the future .
We will always ensure that our opt out notices are clear , conspicuous and easy to take up .
Where we use your personal information to send you marketing information by e-mail , SMS , MMS or other electronic means we may do so with your express or implied consent .
You may give us your express consent by , for example , ticking a box on an electronic or paper form where we seek your permission to send you electronic or other marketing information .
Consent may be implied from our existing business relationship or where you have directly or indirectly provided us with your electronic address .
All of our electronic marketing activities will comply with the requirements of the Spam Act 2003 ( Cth ) .
Australia Post usually does not engage in telemarketing activities to our consumer customers .
Generally , such marketing is only ever used in relation to our business customers .
Should any consumer telemarketing be done or authorised by Australia Post , will to the extent that it applies , comply with the :
Do Not Call Register Act 2006 ( Cth ) ;
Do Not Call Register ( Consequential Amendments ) Act 2006 ( Cth ) ;
Telecommunications ( Do Not Call Register ) ( Telemarketing and Research Calls ) Industry Standard 2007 .
Your privacy preferences and choices
Every personalised marketing contact sent or made by Australia Post will include a means by which customers may opt of receiving further marketing information .
You may instruct us at any time to remove any previous consent you provided to receive marketing communications from us .
We have a strict duty to maintain the privacy of all personal information we hold about you .
However , certain exceptions do apply .
For example , where disclosure of your personal information is :
authorised or required by law
e.g . disclosure to various government departments and agencies such as the Australian Taxation Office , CentreLink , Child Support Agency , or disclosure to courts under subpoena .
in the public interest
e.g . where a crime , fraud or misdemeanour is committed or suspected , and disclosure against the customer 's rights to confidentiality is justified .
Your consent may be implied or express and it may also be verbal or written .
Use of third party service providers
When we temporarily provide personal information to companies who perform services for us , such as specialist information technology companies , mail houses or other contractors to Australia Post we require those companies to protect your personal information as diligently as we do .
Stringent contractual and other quality assurance measures are used to ensure your personal information is protected .
It is inevitable that some personal information which we hold will become out of date .
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information which we hold remains accurate and , if you advise us of a change of details , we will amend our records accordingly .
Access to your personal information
Australia Post will , upon your request , and subject to applicable privacy laws , provide you with access to your personal information that is held by us .
However , we ask that you identify , as clearly as possible , the type/s of information requested .
Australia Post will deal with your request to provide access to your personal information in a reasonable time - usually within 30 days of receipt of your request .
Australia Post will not charge you for lodging such a request but we may recover from you our reasonable costs incurred in supplying you with access to this information .
Your right to access your personal information is not absolute .
In certain circumstances , the law permits us to refuse your request to provide you with access to your personal information , such as circumstances where :
access would pose a serious threat to the life or health of any individual ;
access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others ;
the request is frivolous or vexatious ;
the information relates to a commercially sensitive decision making process ;
access would be unlawful ; or
access may prejudice enforcement activities , a security function or commercial negotiations
Freedom of Information laws
In addition to privacy laws , you may have rights to access your personal information contained in certain Australia Post documents .
Details on how to apply for access to these documents are contained in the Freedom of Information Act 1982 ( FOI Act ) .
More information is available at freedom of information .
Australia Post is committed to keeping your trust by protecting and securing your personal information .
We employ appropriate technical , administrative and physical procedures to protect personal information from unauthorised disclosure , loss , misuse or alteration .
We limit access to personal information to individuals with a business need consistent with the reason the information was provided .
We keep personal information only for as long as it is required for business purposes or by the law .
Australia Post protects your personal information by complying with industry best-practice standards , including :
AS 8015-2005 Corporate governance of information and communication technology
AS/NZS ISO/IEC 17799:2001 Information technology : Code of practice for information security management
AS/NZS 7799.2:2003 Information security management - Part 2 : Specification for information security management systems
AS/NZS 4360:2004 Risk Management
Information collected on this website
We may collect non-personal information from you such as browser type , operating system , and web pages visited to help us manage our web site .
We use cookies and other internet technologies to manage our website and certain online products and services .
We do not use these technologies to collect or store personal information unless you have opted in to such a feature .
Our internet server logs the following information which is provided by your browser for statistical purposes only :
the type of browser and operating system you are using
your Internet Service Provider and top level domain name ( for example - .com , .gov , .au , .uk etc )
the address of any referring web site ( for example - the previous web site you visited ) , and
your computer 's IP ( Internet Protocol ) address ( a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the internet )
All of this information is used by Australia Post for aggregated statistical analyses or systems administration purposes only .
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities , except where required by or under law .
A `` cookie '' is a packet of information that allows the Australia Post server ( the computer that houses our web site ) to identify and interact more effectively with your computer .
When you access our web site , we send you a temporary or `` session cookie '' that gives you a unique identification number .
A different identification number is sent each time you use our website .
Cookies do not identify individual users , although they do identify a user 's internet browser type and your Internet Service Provider .
Shortly after you end your interaction with our web site , the cookie expires or `` crumbles '' .
This means it no longer exists on your computer and therefore can not be used for further identification or access to your computer .
Without cookies certain personalised services can not be provided to users of our website , accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Australia Post website features if cookies have been disabled .
We use session cookies in the following manner :
Log-on and log-off administration - If you decide to register with our site , so as , for example , to use one of our online services , session cookies help with the log-on and log-off process .
The cookies enable us to recognize your log-on ID when you log on so that we do not establish a duplicate registration record for you .
Transactions and site usability - We use session cookies to improve how you navigate through our website and conduct transactions .
As examples , session cookies are used to maintain your online session as you browse over several pages ; to store and prepopulate information so that you do not have to re-enter the same information twice .
Session cookies may also be used to collect referral statistics when you click on a link or ad banner to or from auspost.com.au .
Australia Post may also use `` persistent cookies '' .
A persistent cookie is a small piece of text stored on your computer 's hard drive for a defined period of time , after which the cookie is erased .
Australia Post will not collect or link to personal information through persistent cookies without your express consent .
We use persistent cookies as follows :
Site usage measurement - Our site measurement tool uses a persistent cookie to assist us in measuring how and when our web site and its various components are used .
It functions as a `` visit cookie , '' so we can determine if you are a repeat visitor to our site .
This allows us to know if we are attracting new visitors and what aspects of the site seem most useful .
The cookie will expire 30 days after your last visit .
Log-off safety function - Australia Post uses a persistent cookie to automatically log you off of certain Australia Post sites if there has been no activity for 15 minutes .
This is done for your safety to ensure that , if you have finished using our site but have forgotten to log off , no one else can use your computer via your log on and password .
The cookie is permanently removed from your computer when you log off , or , if you have closed the browser without logging off , it is removed within 15 minutes from your last activity .
Opt-in cookies - Persistent cookies allow us , at your request , to recognise you when you return to auspost.com , au or to remember certain information that you have provided us .
The recognition feature allows you to log on to certain Australia Post sites automatically , without having to enter your name and password each visit .
The cookie assigns a random number to you , which we link to personal information you have provided and your site activity .
This allows us to personalise the site for you and tailor the content to your needs , for instance to show you banner ads about other products you may be interested in .
Other cookies allow us to remember certain information related to prior transactions , such as package tracking numbers , or mailing or address lists , so we may prepopulate those fields for you on return visits .
These features and cookies are strictly at your request and for your convenience .
We will also present you with a convenient way to remove the cookies , via where you manage your account , if you decide later that you want to terminate one or more of these functions .
The cookies will expire one year from your last visit .
You can configure your internet browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is sent .
Please refer to your internet browser 's instructions or help screens to learn more about these functions .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your computer , click these links :
General information on cookies
Links to other sites
The Australia Post site contains links to other sites .
We are ultimately not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites .
We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies on those websites prior to providing any information to them .
Some of the content appearing on the Australia Post website may be supplied by third parties , for example , by framing third party web sites or the incorporation through `` framesets '' of content supplied by third party application service providers .
In such cases Australia Post will ensure that our contractual arrangements with these third parties protect your personal information in compliance with privacy laws .
Search terms that you enter when using our search engine are collected , but are not associated with any other information that we collect .
We use these search terms for the purpose of aggregated statistical analyses so we can ascertain what people are looking for on our website , and to improve the services that we provide .
Also , from time to time , we may use external companies to provide us with detailed aggregate statistical analyses of our website traffic .
At no time is any personal information made available to these companies , nor is the aggregate information ever merged with personal information such as your name , address , email address or other information you would consider sensitive or would compromise your privacy .
Website security and privacy
We understand that you may be concerned about the security of the personal information we collect from you online .
Accordingly , we have systems in place to ensure our online dealings with you are as secure as your dealings with us in person , or on the telephone .
In those instances where we secure your personal information in transit to us and upon receipt , we use the industry standard encryption software , Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) 128 bit encryption .
The URL in your browser will change to `` HTTPS '' instead of `` HTTP '' when this security feature is invoked .
Your browser may also display a lock symbol on its bottom task bar line to indicate this secure transmission is in place .
For site security purposes and to ensure this service remains available to all users , we employ software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause us damage .
Except for authorised law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits other than those uses identified in this policy .
Unauthorised modification or misuse of information stored in this system will be investigated and may result in criminal prosecution .
If Australia Post transfers personal information to countries outside Australia , we will only do so in compliance with all applicable Australian data protection and privacy laws .
Australia Post will take reasonable steps to protect personal information no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to .
We have procedures and data transfer contracts as appropriate to help ensure this .
Australia Post believes it is important to provide added protection for children online .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity .
When we knowingly collect personal information from children , we ask only for the minimum information necessary to seek access to the information or service for which the child is requesting .
Collection of information from children
When knowingly collecting personal information from children we will give a notice specifying what information we are requesting , how we will use it , whether it will be shared with a third party , and a contact at Australia Post for questions .
We will utilise the information only for the particular purpose for which it was given to us .
Obtaining Verifiable Parental Consent
We will use reasonable effort to obtain verifiable parental consent prior to the collection and use of personally identifiable information from children under 16 .
The method of parental consent verification may vary according to the information , product , service or event in which the child wishes to participate .
Means of obtaining such consent may include , but are not limited to , offline consent such as printing and submitting a permission form by mail or fax , or online consent such as by ticking an online check box that parental or guardian consent has been obtained .
When parental consent is not required
We do not require parental or guardian consent in order to collect and use online or offline contact information to :
respond directly to a child 's request on a one-off time basis , or to answer a specific request , where the information is not intended to be used to re-contact the child for other purposes
request the name or on-line contact information of a parent/guardian for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification
respond directly more than once to a specific request from a child and the information is not intended to be used to recontact the child beyond the scope of the request
Australia Post will allow parents or guardians to review any personal information collected from their children , subject to verifying the identity of the consenting parent/guardian .
Parents/guardians may revoke their consent and delete information collected from their children at their discretion .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post changes to the Privacy Policy and publish the effective date when this statement is updated .
Last updated : July 2011
The Privacy Policy was reviewed and updated in July 2011 .
This update was to : ensure compliance with current legislation .
No substantive changes were made to the Privacy Statement at this time .
Substantial changes were made to the Privacy Policy .
This update was to : simplify the content and style to improve readability ; includes more detailed information on children 's privacy ; disclosure of customer information under the Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 ( Cth ) ; and the examination of articles .
No substantive changes were made to the Privacy Statement .
This update was to : clarify and simplify the content to improve readability ; add information about how to manage cookies , and to indicate the addition of a children 's privacy statement .
Publication of Australia Post Web Privacy Statement to comply with the National Privacy Principles introduced by the Federal government on 31/12/2001 .
Further information on privacy
You can obtain further general information about your privacy rights and privacy law from the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by :
calling their Privacy Hotline on 1300 363 992
The Australian Information Commissioner

Your privacy is critically important to us .
At Automattic we have a few fundamental principles :
We do n't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it .
( We ca n't stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason . )
We do n't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law , develop our products , or protect our rights .
We do n't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services .
In our blogging products , we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what 's visible to the public , seen by search engines , kept private , and permanently deleted .
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals : ( Note , we 've decided to make this privacy policy available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license , which means you 're more than welcome to steal it and repurpose it for your own use , just make sure to replace references to us with ones to you , and if you want we 'd appreciate a link to Automattic.com somewhere on your site .
We spent a lot of money and time on the below , and other people should n't need to do the same . )
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team .
( Automattic ) operates several websites including automattic.com , wordpress.com , gravatar.com , intensedebate.com , and akismet.com .
It is Automattic 's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites .
Like most website operators , Automattic collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the date and time of each visitor request .
Automattic 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Automattic 's visitors use its website .
From time to time , Automattic may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate , e.g. , by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website .
Automattic also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs .
Automattic only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below , except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left .
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Automattic 's websites choose to interact with Automattic in ways that require Automattic to gather personally-identifying information .
The amount and type of information that Automattic gathers depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at WordPress.com to provide a username and email address .
Those who engage in transactions with Automattic by purchasing access to the Akismet comment spam prevention service , for example are asked to provide additional information , including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions .
In each case , Automattic collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor 's interaction with Automattic .
Automattic does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities .
Automattic may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites .
For instance , Automattic may monitor the most popular blogs on the WordPress.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam .
Automattic may display this information publicly or provide it to others .
However , Automattic does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Automattic discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees , contractors and affiliated organizations that ( i ) need to know that information in order to process it on Automattic 's behalf or to provide services available at Automattic 's websites , and ( ii ) that have agreed not to disclose it to others .
Some of those employees , contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country ; by using Automattic 's websites , you consent to the transfer of such information to them .
Automattic will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone .
Other than to its employees , contractors and affiliated organizations , as described above , Automattic discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena , court order or other governmental request , or when Automattic believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic , third parties or the public at large .
If you are a registered user of an Automattic website and have supplied your email address , Automattic may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with Automattic and our products .
We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information , so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum .
If you send us a request ( for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms ) , we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users .
Automattic takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
Automattic uses cookies to help Automattic identify and track visitors , their usage of Automattic website , and their website access preferences .
Automattic visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Automattic 's websites , with the drawback that certain features of Automattic 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
If Automattic , or substantially all of its assets , were acquired , or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy , user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquirer of Automattic may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy .
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners , who may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer .
This information allows ad networks to , among other things , deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Automattic and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives , in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time , and in Automattic 's sole discretion .
Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy .
If you have a WordPress.com account , you should also check your blog 's dashboard for alerts to these changes .
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change .
September 18 , 2013 : Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left .
February 1 , 2011 : Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph
January 3 , 2011 : Added court order and subpoena clarification
July 1 , 2010 : Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators
October 29 , 2009 : Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy
March 10 , 2009 : Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies

BADOO 'S PRIVACY POLICY
This policy and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter ( including non-contractual disputes or claims ) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law .
In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Privacy Policy , the English version shall prevail .
WHAT 'S THIS ALL ABOUT THEN
Hello ( again , if you clicked through to here from our Terms and Conditions of Use ) .
You should read this privacy policy because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by Badoo and that 's a pretty important thing for you to know .
Here are the topics that we cover :
What information we collect and how we collect it
How we use the information and who we share it with
How you can access and update such information
How we protect the information we store about you
Badoo is operated by Badoo Trading Limited , a company registered in England at Media Village , 131 - 151 Great Titchfield Street , London , W1W 5BB , United Kingdom and company number 754025 .
THE FULL LEGAL BIT
We know that other people 's use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users , so we at Badoo have developed this privacy policy ( the Policy ) to let you know how we use personal information ( personal data ' or personal information ' ) .
We suggest you read it in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use ( the Terms ) .
When you access or use Badoo , you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as we 've set out in this Policy .
Badoo reserves the right to change our Policy at any time and without notice , so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your information .
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE .
BADOO USERS AND VISITORS TO OUR SITE
What information does Badoo collect if I decide to join the Badoo social community ?
Badoo is a meeting place for adults , and we provide that service by operating a social network site offering users the opportunity to connect to our global community of users .
To join the Badoo network you will have to complete our online registration form , where we ask you to provide us with information about you such as your name , your email address , your gender , your date of birth , your location details .
You also have the opportunity to provide other details about yourself , but these are optional .
Because you control your user profile , these details are available to you at any time by accessing your Profile page , which gives you the chance to correct or update ( other than gender and email address ) your information at any time by just logging in to Badoo .
Once you have created a Profile , we will automatically track certain information such as your IP and email addresses .
What information does Badoo collect about me if I 'm under 18 ?
You can only become a member of Badoo if your aged 18 or over or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18 .
That means Badoo does not knowingly collect any information about children , minors or anyone under the age of majority .
Nor do we knowingly market to children , minors or anyone under the age of 18 .
If you are less than 18 years old , we request that you do not submit information to us .
If we become aware that a child , minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information , we will take steps to terminate that person 's registration and delete their Profile information from Badoo .
If we do delete a Profile because you violated our no children rules , we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new Profile .
Does Badoo collect my personal information if I am not a member and just visit the site ?
We do n't collect any personal information about visitors to our site .
If you do visit us without becoming a member , we will place session ID cookies on your computer .
For more information about cookies generally , look at the answer to How does Badoo collect information about me ? below .
If I put other information about me on the site , what does Badoo do with it ?
Badoo is designed to make it easy for you to find , connect and interact with other members of Badoo by posting information about yourself .
You can also use our electronic messaging system , which allows you to communicate with other users .
We recommend and encourage you ( and all our members ) to think carefully about the information they disclose about themselves , and suggest you follow our Guidelines and Safety Tips .
We also do not recommend that you put email addresses , URLs , instant messaging details , phone numbers , full names or addresses , credit card details , national identity numbers , drivers ' licence details and other sensitive information in your Profile which is open to abuse and misuse .
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on you Profile such as your religious denomination and health details .
While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile , including your sexual preferences and ethnic background , there is no requirement to do so .
Please remember that photographs or any video clips that you post on Badoo may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data .
Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself , you are explicitly consenting to our processing your information and making this public to other users .
When you post information about yourself or use the messaging , the amount of personal information you share is at your own risk .
If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use , we reserve the right to terminate your account .
What does Badoo collect about me if I use the mobile app ?
Badoo offers you the opportunity to stay in touch with the friends and contacts you 've made no matter where you are .
You can do this by using your mobile phone or by downloading an application to your desktop that allows you to share your location with other users .
When you use your mobile or the desktop application , we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude .
That information helps us identify your physical location so that it can be displayed and shared with other members choosing to view nearby posts .
If you do not want your location to be known , then please do not download the desktop application or use your mobile device when you are on Badoo .
If you have enabled location services , but wish to turn it off , you can do so by the following methods :
Iphone app settings , location services , off
Android profile , privacy , on
What 's collected from me if I use Badoo 's premium services ?
When you take advantage of Badoo 's premium features , we collect financial information necessary to process your payments as per your chosen payment method .
Please note that we do not store any credit card or other payment card details .
However , our payment service providers do ( and are approved to do so by all applicable regulatory bodies ) .
When you access Badoo or play our games we collect certain technical information about your computer system or mobile device and statistical data about how you play our games .
We use this information to improve our site and our games , so that you can increase your fun .
Can Badoo collect information about me from other sites I use , such as Facebook ?
If you have registered on one of our partner websites , such as Facebook , your Profile will be available to all users of the Badoo social network whether via our site or our partners ' websites .
Remember that when you register with a Badoo partner , you are also giving them personal information , so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as Badoo does not control how they use their information .
If you have have registered on one of our partner websites , such as Facebook , or you have verified your account via a partner website , we may connect your Badoo profile with your profile on such partner website .
We may do this by way of new products and applications which we introduce from time to time .
If you have verified your account through a partner website and do not want to link your Badoo profile to your profile on the partner website , please go to the Verifications section on your profile page and click forget this account .
If you have created a Badoo profile through a partner website and you do not want to link your Badoo profile to your profile on the partner website , Badoo can not amend these settings .
Please visit the application settings on your partner website profile and follow the instructions to remove the Badoo access permissions .
Does Badoo collect any other personal information about me ?
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback page , we will receive your email address , and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query .
We will keep records of our communications with you , including any complaints that we receive from you about other users ( and from other users about you ) .
Will Badoo contact me ?
On your Settings page Badoo offers you the opportunity to receive emails from us about new message notifications or other purposes related to the use of the website .
Does Badoo use my personal information for any other purpose ?
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of Badoo in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products .
We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs .
We use your personal information to resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use .
What are 'cookies ' and what 'cookies ' does Badoo use ?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile .
A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile by your web browser .
They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits , recognises you and your preferences each time you visit Badoo , and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request .
When you visit the publicly available sections of Badoo , a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you 're visiting .
We also place persistent cookies ( also known an local storage devices ) on members ' computers , so that Badoo remembers them and makes their login experience faster and easier .
We may use persistent tracking cookies on your mobile device , mainly for security protection purposes , such as to prevent phishers , scammers , unauthorised log in attempts , and to help you access your hacked account .
We do not use any information whilst you are logged off .
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices , but if you do so , you may not be able to access the features that Badoo offers .
Badoo uses cookies and local storage devices for a number of reasons , including to ensure the security of our site , to provide you with features you have requested and to analyse how members and visitors use Badoo .
Badoo 's use of cookies and local storage devices basically falls into three categories :
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested , such as , for example purchasing Super Powers
cookies related to the performance of Badoo 's site , such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors
cookies related to the functionality of Badoo 's site , such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language or allowing you to chat , add photos and instant message Badoo members
third parties cookies that also relate to functionality and that you request via social plugins , links to other social networks or viewing of videos
Badoo 's uses of cookies and local shared devices so that we know who you are , what interests you and so that you can do the things online that you want to do , like chat with new people , share your content and buy Super Powers knowing that your data will be secure .
Below is a table to explain Badoo 's cookie functions and why they 're used .
Cookie Functions Cookie Purposes
Analytics and research Badoo uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Badoo site .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site .
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form , including the number of visitors to the site , where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited .
Authentication These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you 're logged in , you can enjoy Badoo 's offerings , experiences and various features , such as uploading photographs , chatting and can localise your experience , such as when you 've requested to view Badoo 's site in your local language or when you 've asked Badoo to remember me ' .
These cookies also help to remember who invited you to join Badoo .
Security and site integrity
We use cookies and other devices , such as CAPTCHAs , to help keep Badoo and our members safe and secure .
These cookies do things like protect Badoo users from spam and fraud , by ensuring the safety of your personal data when you shop on Badoo for things like Super Powers .
We may use persistent cookies , which will help us to ensure we have identified the same device is logging into the correct account .
These types of cookies also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers , scammers , unauthorised log -in attempts to your account and accessing any hacked accounts .
Site features and services
These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our Badoo members enjoy , such as uploading of photographs , chats , instant messaging , your account settings and your request to have Badoo as your homepage or your search preference .
We also use cookies to help provide experiences , such as links to other social media sites , social plugins and video content , including making it easier for you to share content between Badoo with your other favourite social networks .
In some cases , the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer .
The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Badoo recommends that you read their privacy policies .
Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Badoo include , and we have included a link to their privacy policies :
Performance We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience , such assisting with your navigation of our site , ensuring pages load up quickly and respond faster to your requests for Badoo services .
Our use of cookies and local share devices , including the specific cookie names , may change over time , but will generally fall into the above categories .
Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes .
If you would like to know more about cookies , including flash cookies/local storage devices , the following websites provide useful information :
FRIENDS AND OTHER BADOO USERS
When I put information about myself on Badoo , what do the other users see ?
To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on Badoo , other members get to see your user name and any information you post on your Profile , including photos if you select the 'Any users ' access setting .
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Badoo members to know about you .
You can also choose to limit the information that other users see by adjusting your privacy settings in the Settings page .
What am I allowed to do with other user 's personal information ?
Use it to meet new friends and make new contacts ! Beware that you may not use other users ' information for commercial purposes , to spam , to harass , or to make unlawful threats .
Badoo reserves the right to terminate the accounts of those who misuse other users ' information or who otherwise violate the Terms and Conditions of Use .
What information does Badoo collect about my friends and contacts ?
You can choose to invite your friends to join Badoo to make sure that they also get the benefits of meeting new people .
To make it easier to search and find friends and acquaintances on Badoo , users may search for other members by email address .
If you want to invite your friends and contacts to Badoo , we will send an email or an SMS ( if you 've used our Android or iPhone app ) invitation from Badoo in your name to your friends and contacts encouraging them to sign up to Badoo .
If any of the individuals you have invited do not register within a few days , Badoo may occasionally send reminder emails or SMS on your behalf to those individuals .
You can choose to invite all your friends or only a select few by simply unticking the names of those friends you do not wish to invite , but please remember you must not invite any children to join .
You are responsible for ensuring that your friend has agreed to receiving a Badoo invite .
When we send an email or sms invite to your friend or contact , we store their name and email address or their mobile number , if we 've sent an SMS on your behalf so that we can automatically connect you and your friend .
Badoo does not sell these email addresses or mobile numbers or use them to send any other communication besides invitations .
The friend may contact Badoo to request the removal of their information from our database by visiting Feedback page .
Any such request will only apply to addresses or mobile numbers we have at the time of the request and not to any addresses that the member/user provides to us later .
Does Badoo sell my information to other parties ?
Not at all .
We do not sell or rent out any personal information about you to any third party .
Badoo discloses aggregated non-personal data for marketing and promotional purposes .
That means we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify you .
Does Badoo disclose my information to other parties ?
We may share aggregated information that includes your personal information ( but which does n't identify you directly ) , together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services .
In particular , in relation to targeted advertising , we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please visit this page .
Badoo also wishes to maintain a healthy community , and we will cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights .
We may also disclose your personal information to government or law enforcement agencies , or private parties , as required by law when/or , in our sole discretion , we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , or those of third parties and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on us .
In the event that Badoo or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , re-organisation , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , or in the event of insolvency or administration , we may be required to disclose your personal information .
Where is my personal information kept ?
Badoo is a global website operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world , including the United States .
If you live in a country with data protection laws , the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence .
By submitting your personal information , or by choosing to upgrade the services you use , or by making use of the applications available on Badoo , you agree to the transfer of your personal information to , and storage and processing of your personal information in , any such countries and destinations .
How does Badoo protect my personal information ?
Badoo has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control , including your personal information .
Badoo uses reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls .
Our technical experts at Badoo work hard to ensure your secure use of our site .
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website , member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we can not guarantee that unauthorised access , hacking , data loss , or other breaches will never occur .
We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe ( including your password ) and to log out of your account after use .
We can not guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorised access .
How do I help keep my information secure ?
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties .
If you lose your password or give it out , your personal information may be compromised .
If that happens , please report it to Support via Feedback page .
You must change your password immediately via your Settings page .
Badoo can not be held responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms and Conditions of Use .
How do I change my Profile ?
You can review and revise your profile information at any time .
Once you register , you will be able to review and change much of your personal information including :
Your contact email address ;
Your profile , photographs , and videos ;
Your city , region , and country of residence ;
Please promptly update your information if it changes by signing-in to your account and following the screen prompts .
We strongly urge you to periodically change your password to help reduce the risk of unauthorised access to your account information .
Users in certain jurisdictions are , in accordance with applicable law , entitled to exercise a right of access to personal information about themselves by asking for a copy of the information we hold about them ( for which , where allowed by law , we may charge a small fee ) .
Please put any such request in writing and using our contact form : Feedback .
Can I deactivate or delete my Profile ?
Users of the Badoo network have the following choices to delete their profile from our database :
Send a message via Feedback page
Sign in with your password and delete your profile .
These options are available from your Settings page .
If you want to stop using your account it will be initially deactivated .
This means that no user will be able to search for you on the website although they may still see you profile from direct cached links , but it will not be deleted .
We save your profile information in case you later decide to restore your account .
Many users deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to Badoo .
You will therefore be able to restore your account and your profile in its entirety within 30 days of de-activating it .
After the expiration of 30 days , your account is permanently deleted from Badoo .
We delete photographs from our servers within 14 days from the expiration of the deactivation period while other information ( such as contact history ) is deleted by us over a longer timescale , by way of housekeeping on a periodic basis .
You should only delete your account if you are certain you never want to restore it .
To prevent abuse and/or misuse of Badoo by a user following termination or deletion of a profile/account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that user does not open a new account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations .
Warning : Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account , copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others , or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines .
We can not control this , nor do we accept any liability for this .
If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies .
Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for up to 30 days to enable restoration , but will not be available to others in the meantime .
What happens if I do nothing ?
If you have not signed in to Badoo for three months , we may remove your Profile as part of our data cleansing process .
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy or how we collect and use information , drop us a line via Feedback page .
You might also want to take a look at the following pages :
Terms and Conditions : find out how we govern the relationship between you and Badoo .
Community guidelines : these Do 's and Don'ts are here to ensure that every user can enjoy Badoo safely and responsibly .
Safety tips : Badoo 's guide to online safety .
FAQs : check out our list of Frequently Asked Questions to find the answer you want .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 25 October 2013 .

RealGM , L.L.C. , which operates the Web site RealGM.com ( `` RealGM.com '' ) , is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its online visitors .
We are also extremely sensitive to families ' concerns about their children 's personal information and safety .
We want you to know about and understand the measures we have taken to keep RealGM.com a safe and secure environment for everyone .
This privacy statement tells you how and why we collect information from you , and how we use that information .
We encourage our visitors to read through and understand our privacy statement .
We may update it from time to time to address new issues or reflect changes on our site .
Please refer to this privacy statement regularly .
Information You Provide to Us
RealGM.com endeavors to provide you quality information that is tailored to your needs .
In order to do that we sometimes need to ask you for information so that we can provide the kind of content you want , when you want it .
We want to customize our site for you so that it meets your needs as fully as possible this includes customizing articles , discussions , banners and more .
We may ask you to register or provide personal information when you visit certain areas of RealGM.com , enter a contest , play games , complete surveys , subscribe to a service or to a newsletter , submit content , or ask us for information .
We consider the following to be personally identifiable information : first and last name , e-mail address , street address , zip code , phone number , and credit card number .
We only collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily submit it .
Providing your personal information to RealGM.com is optional .
If you choose not to register or provide personal information , you can still use our site but you may not have access to certain areas and/or types of information .
Depending on the particular RealGM.com site with which you register , we may ask for your name , age , address and/or zip code , e-mail address , name of school or district , and/or grade level .
If you are under 18 years of age , we will also ask you to provide your parent 's or guardian 's e-mail address .
We may also ask you to choose a user name and password to use when you log in to the site .
How We Use the Information You Provide
We use the personal and demographic information you provide us to tailor the content , services and advertising on RealGM.com to meet your current and future needs .
Use of this data allows us to customize your experience by showing you content according to your preferences .
From time to time , we may share the personal information you provide to us with our agents , third parties who are affiliated with our site , or with carefully selected companies or other parties so you can receive information that we believe may be of interest to you , or so that we may protect the user experience at RealGM.com .
We may also use this information to inform you of product upgrades , special offers , updated information , and/or new services .
We will also use your contact information to ship purchases made at RealGM.com .
Financial information that you share is only used to check your qualifications .
If a user is suspected of violating our Terms of Use , RealGM.com reserves the right to use and/or disclose personal information of a user in order to fully and properly address the violation that has occurred .
If the information provided is from or about an individual under 18 years of age , we will use and/or disclose the information with the utmost sensitivity and care , and in accordance with all applicable federal and state laws .
RealGM.com gives you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information used for purposes not directly related to your use of the RealGM.com sites .
To help us update your records correctly , please indicate in your e-mail if you are opting out of postal mail , e-mail or telemarketing communication .
Please also provide your registration details including first name , last name , street address , city , state , postal code , and country .
We Protect Children 's Privacy
We are working hard to provide you with the best information and the highest quality interaction on the Internet in an environment that is safe .
In compliance with COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we have adopted the following policies to keep kids safe :
We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian .
We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from teens between the ages of 13 and 17 without first notifying a parent or guardian .
Personally identifiable information we collect from children under the age of 13 will be used solely by RealGM.com or its agents for internal purposes only and will not be sold or otherwise distributed to third parties .
We will NOT knowingly allow a child under the age of 13 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian .
We will NOT knowingly allow a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without first notifying a parent or guardian .
We will NOT knowingly ask a child or teen to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity , game , or service .
We will NOT knowingly provide any direct link to Web sites that are unsuitable for children or teens .
RealGM.com will not advertise on any site that does not comply with the regulations set forth under COPPA .
We will advise children under the age of 13 that they MUST obtain permission from their parent or guardian before sharing ANY personal information .
Upon request , RealGM.com will provide a parent or guardian with a description of the information that may have been provided about their child or teen during a registration process for a program or service of our site .
RealGM.com only asks for a child 's or teen 's personal information if it is necessary to participate in the program or service .
The site administrator also has access to the registration data but it is only used for site maintenance .
Registration data that is provided about children or teens is not used for marketing and is never shared with any other party .
RealGM.com urges parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses or phone numbers without permission when using the Internet .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children .
Notification and Verifiable Parental Consent
Certain areas and activities within RealGM.com ask visitors under the age of 18 to provide personal information such as their name , date of birth , e-mail address or school name .
We only ask for the information that is necessary to participate in the particular activity .
Before any personally identifiable information is collected , we will do our best to notify the parent or guardian that their child or teen is participating .
Notification will include the exact nature and intended use of the information we are collecting , as well as the opportunity for the parent or guardian to prevent the use of the information and the child 's participation in the activity .
If the child is under 13 years of age we require the parent or guardian to provide verifiable parental consent such as an e-mail to RealGM.com .
If the individual is a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 , RealGM.com will notify the parent or guardian that his or her teen is participating and sharing personal information but we do not require consent .
When verifiable parental consent has not yet been obtained , we will use online contact information ( such as an e-mail address ) only as is appropriate to :
request the name or online contact information of a parent or guardian for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notification to the parent or guardian ;
respond directly to the child 's or teen 's request on a one-time basis ( for example , to provide assistance with a particular study question ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose ;
respond more than once directly to a specific request from the child ( for example , to satisfy the request for a newsletter subscription ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry ; you 'll find them used on RealGM.com , as you will at other major sites .
`` Cookies '' are small text files written to your computer .
They make our site easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you are at our sites ( although we do not save passwords in cookies ) .
Cookies also help us know which areas are your favorites , which need a bit of improvement , and what technologies and Internet services our visitors are using .
Knowing this information helps us continually improve the online experience for our visitors and members .
The non-personally identifiable information we track with cookies is anonymous and is not used to identify , or lead us back to , any particular visitor .
Visitors to RealGM.com may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences ( most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies ) .
While browsing through RealGM.com , you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors .
RealGM.com and its affiliated sites do not control these cookies .
What are IP Addresses ?
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you use the World Wide Web .
Web servers the big computers that `` serve up '' Web pages automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
RealGM.com collects IP addresses for system administration ; to report aggregate information to our advertisers , sponsors , and partners ; and to audit the use of our site and to ensure compliance with the Terms of Use ( and to address violations of the Terms of Use ) .
When visitors request pages from RealGM.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses .
We normally do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable .
This means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses ( and other personal information , but only to the extent necessary ) to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or our Terms of Use , or to protect our service , site , customers , or other individuals .
Some features within RealGM.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message-poster 's visitor name and message .
You should review each feature prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable sharing .
A Notice About Our Advertisers
RealGM.com uses outside advertising companies to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies .
While cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , RealGM.com does NOT work with any partners who do not comply with our privacy policy guidelines .
A Notice About External Links
Occasionally , you will find links from RealGM.com to independently owned , controlled , and/or managed sites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our visitors .
Additionally , you 'll see links from advertisers , sponsors , and other partners who may use RealGM.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
In many cases , these links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites .
We do n't control the content of these links .
These other sites may send you their own cookies , collect data , or solicit personal information .
While we identify sponsor and advertiser areas of our site , we do not control these cookies or the content of these third parties .
RealGM.com has partnered with other companies to provide certain services .
In some cases , while you may see RealGM.com 's logo on another company 's site .
RealGM.com does not share any of your personally identifiable information with these partners and they do not share any information back with us .
Once you leave our servers ( you can generally tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site 's Home page , you should contact the site directly for more information .
We specifically recommend that children check with their parents or teachers before clicking on to any new sites .
RealGM.com makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and other groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information .
Consequently , you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
To the extent that portions of RealGM.com , such as chat rooms or bulletin boards , provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information , ideas and opinions ( `` Postings '' ) , BE ADVISED THAT REALGM.COM MAY NOT SCREEN , EDIT , OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON REALGM.COM , and Postings do not necessarily reflect the views of RealGM.com .
RealGM.com reserves the right to monitor all Postings and to remove any which it considers offensive or otherwise in violation of our legal Terms and Conditions .
Please read these Terms of Use according to which RealGM.com will in no way be responsible or liable for the Postings .
Here are more legal notices regarding Postings : You must have all necessary rights in and to all Postings you provide and all material they contain ; your Postings must not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties ; your Postings must not contain any viruses or other contaminating or destructive devices or features ; your Postings must not contain any defamatory , indecent , offensive , tortuous , or otherwise unlawful material or content ; and your Postings must not be used to carry out or solicit any unlawful activity and/or be used to make commercial solicitations .
Also , you authorize RealGM.com to use and/or authorize others to use all or part of your Postings in any manner , format , or medium that RealGM.com or such other parties see fit ; and you shall have no claim or other recourse against RealGM.com for infringement of any proprietary right in Postings .
Violating these terms will subject the user to investigation and enforcement to ensure compliance ; personal information may be used and/or disclosed by RealGM.com in this process , to the extent necessary to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience at RealGM.com .

Skip to main content
Berkeley web Directory NewsCenter
MAP | CALMAIL | bCONNECTED | SEARCH :
Students Prospective students Faculty Staff Cal Parents Alumni & friends
Public service & community
Visiting & getting around
Micro-catapult shows material 's potential for making artificial muscle
Four young professors awarded presidential early-career awards
Employee discounts offered for UC online-ed classes
Geoff Nunberg 's Word of the Year : selfie '
Fall graduates to celebrate at commencement ceremony
Overview of the Office of Public Affairs ' editorial role
Policies governing links to websites
Publicizing news , events , & initiatives
Policies governing electronic communication
Overview of the Office of Public Affairs ' editorial role
UC Berkeley 's gateway site ( the main campus website ) , which is managed by the Office of Public Affairs , serves multiple purposes .
As the gateway site to the millions of files which are online here at Berkeley , it helps users find the information they are seeking as quickly as possible , provides timely information , and showcases the excellence of the University .
All requests for links from the home page and other gateway pages will be taken under advisement by Public Affairs and carefully considered .
Public Affairs reserves the sole right to decide to post requested links , and to decide the most appropriate placement of links within the gateway site .
This website has been built so that it is accessible to those who are without sight and use screen readers .
Additional information about the history and accessibility of the gateway site , including screenshots of earlier iterations , is online .
For campus units interested in harmonizing the look and feel of their websites with the main UC Berkeley site , a set of web page design templates has been created to make this as easy as possible .
Policies governing links to websites
Links on the home and second-level pages
The links and information included on the campus home page and on the site 's second-level pages are designed to provide a broad overview of the university and to help users quickly find the spectrum of information online here at UC Berkeley .
These pages do not and can not provide a complete set of links to all of the millions of files online here .
They target sites proven to be of widespread interest or that serve a critical mission .
Web registry : The A-Z list of campus websites
Our A-Z web registry of campus websites provides a comprehensive index of major websites here .
The A to Z listings provide an alphabetized and cross-referenced list of the most significant campus websites .
Home pages for all campus units , departments and programs registered in the campus web registry are included in the A to Z listings .
In general , subpages of those websites will not be linked from the A to Z list .
For example , although the Library home page is linked , the Library Development office is not .
In addition , a search of the main website provides results in which registered sites are given prominence .
Add a site to the A-Z web registry .
Publicizing news , events , & initiatives
Criteria for headlines and calendar listings
Links to events or stories from the home page and other gateway pages must be of broad , general interest , with audiences ranging from the campus community to the general public .
Public Affairs also publishes the UC Berkeley NewsCenter and the Critic 's Choice of upcoming campus events .
The office receives myriad worthwhile requests from across campus and weighs every request with care before making editorial determinations .
Requests that fall outside normal standards and procedures can not be accommodated .
Suggest a headline or story to be featured in the UC Berkeley NewsCenter or on the campus home page .
Submit a listing to the online calendar of events .
Events must take place on campus and/or be sponsored by a campus organization .
Policies governing electronic communication and reporting misuse
Websites at UC Berkeley are governed by the University of California Electronic Communications Policy as well as UC Berkeley 's Online Activities Policy .
For abuse from off-campus , see : Responding to Inappropriate Use of Computing and Network Resources .
For more information , see Campus Information Technology Policies .
UC Berkeley Websites A-Z Add site to A-Z Policies Contact us
Copyright 2013 UC Regents ; all rights reserved

TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
OpenDNS has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third-party , is to accelerate online trust among consumer and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovate trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
EU Safe Harbor Statement
The United States Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed on a set of data protection principles and frequently asked questions to enable U.S. companies to satisfy the requirement under European Union law that adequate protection be provided to Personal Information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States ( the `` U.S.-EU Safe Harbor '' ) .
Consistent with our commitment to protecting personal privacy , OpenDNS adheres to the principles set forth in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Information You Provide Us
In order to provide you with the Services we may ask you for Personally Identifiable Information ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
Personal Information includes but is not limited to your name and email address .
Depending on the Services you request , Personal Information may also include addresses , phone numbers , IP addresses , credit card information , usernames , passwords , and other information you provide voluntarily that may be considered Personal Information .
OpenDNS collects and uses such information only insofar as is it deems reasonably necessary in order to provide our Services , for us to manage and send you notices regarding your account , and for us to send you notices regarding the Services .
Subject to compliance with applicable law or contractual obligations , this information will be stored for as long as necessary to provide these Services plus a reasonable time thereafter to comply with our archiving and restoration policies .
If you email us through any of the contact us links on our Website , if you submit a request for information through our Website or if you submit a support ticket through our Website we may ask you for Personal Information including but not limited to your name and email address in order to respond to your questions , comments and requests .
If you choose to correspond with us via email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our correspondence with you .
If you participate in an OpenDNS referral program such as our tell a friend program , you may provide us with your friend 's email address and any Personal Information that you voluntarily include in your email message to your friend or to OpenDNS .
We use such information to send a one-time email to your friend regarding OpenDNS and our services and products .
We store the information for the purpose of tracking the success of the referral program .
When you use our Services , OpenDNS stores certain DNS , IP address and related information about you to improve the quality of our Service , to provide you with Services and for internal business and analysis purposes .
For example , OpenDNS runs a Domain Name System ( DNS ) service .
Cookies , Clear GIFs , Clickstream and Browser Information
We may use `` cookies '' on or in conjunction with our Websites to help OpenDNS identify and track visitors , their usage of our Websites , and their website access preferences .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer you should set your browser to refuse cookies before using the Websites , with the drawback that certain features of the Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our Websites .
OpenDNS does not control cookies in third-party ads , and you are encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology .
The ads appearing on our Websites may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies .
Our third-party advertising partners employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our Website by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to your Personal Information .
We may receive , collect and store certain other types of information whenever you interact with us and our Websites , including , without limitation , your Internet Protocol address , your domain name , the pages you visit on the Websites ; other information such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , the date and time of each visitor request and any search terms you have entered on our Website or a referral website ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
OpenDNS uses this information to better understand how OpenDNS ' visitors use its Websites , for internal system and website administration and to provide our security Services ( in aggregate and anonymous form only ) .
We do not tie this information to your Personal Information .
We may use third-party cookies as part of remarketing activities we conduct with Google and/or other third-party vendors , to help provide you with relevant promotional offers as you use the Internet .
As part of these remarketing activities , these third-party cookies may record your visits to our Websites and web sites visited prior to using our Websites .
Such cookies can then be used to serve advertisements to you on other web sites .
You may choose to be exempt from the use of Google remarketing cookies at the Google advertising privacy page .
Alternatively , you may opt-out of remarketing on the Google network and similar networks at the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page .
Opting out will not prevent advertisements from being served to you on the Internet ; it will only affect advertisements that utilize remarketing cookies to serve advertisements on the specified advertising networks .
We are not responsible for the activities of other parties that may not comply with your opt-out requests .
Chat Rooms , Discussion Forums , Bulletin Boards
If you participate in one of our chat rooms , discussion forums , or post messages to a Website bulletin board , you should be aware that the information disclosed and shared will be broadly available to other persons , both inside of and/or outside of OpenDNS , who have access to that chat room , forum or bulletin board .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online by not posting any more Personal Information than you want revealed .
In addition , if you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Please also note that a participant 's expressed opinion is his or her own and should not be considered to reflect the opinion of OpenDNS .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
OpenDNS does not share , rent , trade or sell your Personal Information with third parties , except as described in this Policy .
If you do provide us with Personal Information , we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or to deliver the Services you requested , and we will not sell , license , transmit or disclose this information outside of OpenDNS unless ( 1 ) you expressly authorize us to do so , ( 2 ) it is necessary to allow our trusted service providers or agents ( such as address list hosting companies , advertising and analytic companies , billing service providers , email service providers , search providers , security providers , and other similar service providers ) to provide products or services for us or you , ( 3 ) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements , ( 4 ) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of OpenDNS or the merger of OpenDNS into another entity or any consolidation , share exchange , combination , reorganization , or like transaction in which OpenDNS is not the survivor , or ( 5 ) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law .
Also , we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information that is not Personal Information ( such as statistical information related to the usage , origin of use , traffic patterns and behaviour of the users of the Services , most frequented domains or phishing attempts blocked by our Services ) .
If you send us a request , inquiry , feedback or other comments ( for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms ) , we reserve the right to edit and republish it in our Knowledge Base , which is displayed on our Websites , in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users with similar issues .
We post customer testimonials on our Websites which may contain Personal Information .
We do obtain the customer 's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial .
Updating , Correcting or Deleting Personal Information and OpenDNS Accounts
If emailing Customer Support , please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request .
In connection with promotions or other projects , we may ask you specifically whether you have objections with respect to a certain kind of data use or sharing .
If you opt-out under such circumstances , we will respect your decision .
Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list .
Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request , as some promotions may already be in process .
For your convenience , we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control .
This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that OpenDNS does not own or control , or to individuals that OpenDNS does not employ or manage .
The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from OpenDNS websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy , and OpenDNS is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites .
OpenDNS recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
Our Websites and Services are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 .
We restrict access to Personal Information collected about you at our Websites to our employees , our affiliates ' employees , those who are otherwise specified in this Policy , or others who need to know that information to provide the Services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
While no website can guarantee security , we maintain appropriate physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information collected via the website .
We protect our databases with various physical , technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons .
We also advise all OpenDNS employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company 's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies .
Inside OpenDNS , data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access .
Visiting our Website from Outside of the United States
If you are visiting our Websites from outside of the United States or otherwise contacting us from outside of the United States , please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to , stored or processed in the United States , where many of our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy .
By using our Services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
We will post those changes to this privacy statement on the home page and other places we deem appropriate , so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
This Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party .
General Terms and Conditions of Use
The terms of this Policy are incorporated into our general terms of use .
Effective Date of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was first effective as of July 22 , 2007 .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 6 , 2013 .

BGR Media , LLC ( BGR ) is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining a safe online experience for all of our users and customers while providing a quality user experience .
Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , our users and customers , in order to fulfill your requests and better serve your needs , you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline .
Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our User Agreement , and contact us if you have any questions .
Our Web site uses cookies for the purpose of identifying you when you access your account .
This allows us to pre-populate your E-mail address on the login page and to distinguish between your Web session and that of the many other people using our service inand allow us to offer other functionalities ( such as screening for age and recognizing you to speed up your log-in when you visit our Web site ) .
We may also automatically collect your IP and referring Web site addresses , browser type , domain name and Web site access times ( as described below ) .
Our web-based mail service will not function unless your browser is set to accept cookies .
You can turn off cookies , but that will affect your online experience .
We use third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web site in order to provide advertisements on our Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
They may also use this information to track the effectiveness of those ads .
Links : Be aware that when you click on ad banners , you may be redirected to other sites not operated by BGR .
You are responsible for information that you provide to these sites .
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that requests personal information .
Note that this policy does not cover the privacy practices of these linked sites .
General Information Collected : When visiting our site , some general information is collected including : IP address ( your computer 's unique signature ) Operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 ) Browser software ( e.g. , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Netscape ) Internet Service Provider ( e.g. , Earthlink , Verizon ) .
The information we collect is aggregated to reflect the population as a whole rather than focused on individuals .
We use it to help us better understand the people who visit our Web Site and to continually improve our products and services .
In addition , like many other sites with paid advertising , we disclose some of this non- personally identifiable , aggregate information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and clicked on their advertisements .
Third Party Service Providers
Agents and affiliates of BGR may occasionally process individual user data as required to provide services for which the user has registered .
However , they are not allowed to use this information for any other purpose .
All individual user data is owned and controlled by BGR .
Features on the Web Site that utilize third party service providers include : e-mail notification services and credit card processing .
As in any transaction , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , date , total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction .
We will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission .
From time to time we partner with third party service providers to offer additional products and services within the Web Site .
To participate in these offerings , you may be asked to provide personal information and agree to terms and conditions relating to the third party service provider .
Such requests for information will be displayed and requested by the third party in a straightforward manner with explanation as to whose privacy statement governs the collection of such information .
These services include : dating and personals , employment services , home loans , apartment rentals and other services , all of which are purely optional for the user .
It is the responsibility of each user to provide BGR with accurate information at all times .
Personal information collected during the account registration process includes : name , street address , city , state , zip code , country , age , gender as well as an alternate email address ( optional ) .
Payment information will also be collected if users have registered for a premium account .
In order to update the personal information , users may do the following :
Login to the account via the website
On the top navigation bar click on My Account
Make any changes and then click Finish to save the changes
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with best practices employed by other publishers and regulatory organizations across the industry .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Web Site to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy .
If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change .
We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Web Site visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information BGR shares with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : BGR , 9800 South La Cienega Blvd. , Los Angeles , CA 90301 .
In your request , please specify that you want a BGR California Privacy Rights Notice .
Please allow at least 30 days for a response .
For any questions or comments concerning BGR 's privacy policy , please write to :
Or send a letter to :
9800 South La Cienega Blvd .
Los Angeles , CA 90301
( 310 ) 321-5000

The Following privacy policy applies to Biblos.com and all supporting sites , identified by their coordinated links from Biblos sites and the Biblos.com logo ( matching this page ) in the upper left .
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites , log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor 's IP address , browser type , referring page and time of visit .
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website .
Where registration is required , the visitor 's email and a username will be stored on the server .
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor 's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising .
E-mail addresses will not be sold , rented or leased to 3rd parties .
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates .
If you have subscribed to one of our services , you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive .
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website .
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website .
Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website .
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes .
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies and are collected by our ad companies , and we do not have access to this information .
We work with ad companies such as Google Adsense .
Please check their websites for respective privacy policies .

Bitcoin is often perceived as an anonymous payment network .
But in reality , Bitcoin is probably the most transparent payment network in the world .
At the same time , Bitcoin can provide acceptable levels of privacy when used correctly .
Always remember that it is your responsibility to adopt good practices in order to protect your privacy .
Bitcoin works with an unprecedented level of transparency that most people are not used to dealing with .
All Bitcoin transactions are public , traceable , and permanently stored in the Bitcoin network .
Bitcoin addresses are the only information used to define where bitcoins are allocated and where they are sent .
These addresses are created privately by each user 's wallets .
However , once addresses are used , they become tainted by the history of all transactions they are involved with .
Anyone can see the balance and all transactions of any address .
Since users usually have to reveal their identity in order to receive services or goods , Bitcoin addresses can not remain fully anonymous .
For these reasons , Bitcoin addresses should only be used once and users must be careful not to disclose their addresses .
Use new addresses to receive payments
To protect your privacy , you should use a new Bitcoin address each time your receive a new payment .
Additionally , you can use multiple wallets for different purposes .
Doing so allows to isolate each of your transactions in such a way that it is not possible to associate them all together .
People who send you money can not see what other Bitcoin addresses you own and what you do with them .
This is probably the most important advice you should keep in mind .
Use change addresses when you send payments
You can use a Bitcoin client like Bitcoin-Qt that makes it difficult to track your transactions by creating a new change address each time you send a payment .
For example , if you receive 5 BTC on address A , and you later send 2 BTC to address B , the remaining change must be sent back to you .
Some Bitcoin clients are designed to send the change to a new address C in such a way that it becomes difficult to know if you own Bitcoin address B or C .
Be careful with public spaces
Unless your intention is to receive public donations or payments with full transparency , publishing a Bitcoin address on any public space such as a website or social network is not a good idea when it comes to privacy .
If you choose to do so , always remember that if you move any funds with this address to one of your other addresses , they will be publicly tainted by the history your public address .
Additionally , you might also want to be careful not to publish information about your transactions and purchases that could allow someone to identify your Bitcoin addresses .
Your IP address can be logged
Because the Bitcoin network is a peer-to-peer network , it is possible to listen for transactions ' relays and log their IP addresses .
Full node clients relay all users ' transactions just like their own .
This means that finding the source of any particular transaction can be difficult and any Bitcoin node can be mistaken as the source of a transaction when they are not .
You might want to consider hiding your computer 's IP address with a tool like Tor so that it can not be logged .
Limitations of mixing services
Some online services called mixing services offer to mix traceability between users by receiving and sending back the same amount using independent Bitcoin addresses .
It is important to note that the legality of using such services might vary and be subjected to different rules in each jurisdiction .
Such services also require you to trust the individuals running them not to lose or steal your funds and not to keep a log of your requests .
Even though mixing services can break traceability for small amounts , it becomes increasingly difficult to do the same for larger transactions .
Many improvements can be expected in the future to improve privacy .
For instance , some efforts are ongoing with the payment messages API to avoid tainting multiple addresses together during a payment .
Bitcoin-Qt change addresses might be implemented in other wallets over time .
Graphical user interfaces might be improved to provide user friendly payment request features and discourage addresses reuse .
Various work and research is also being done to develop other potential extended privacy features like being able to join random users ' transactions together .

This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Bitly , Inc .
Bitly receives information about you from various sources , including : ( i ) if you register for the Site and the Services , through your user account with Bitly ( your Account ) ; ( ii ) your use of the Services generally ; and ( iii ) from third party websites and services .
When you use the Services , you are consenting to the collection , transfer , manipulation , storage , disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information ( Personal Information ) gathered by Bitly when you are using or accessing the Services .
This Privacy Policy also covers Bitly 's treatment of any Personal Information that Bitly 's business partners share with Bitly or that Bitly shares with its business partners .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Bitly does not own or control , including but not limited to any third party websites , services and applications ( Third Party Services ) that you elect to access through the Service , such as Facebook or Twitter , or to individuals that Bitly does not manage or employ .
While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy , we can not take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services .
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access .
What Information Does Bitly Collect
The information we gather enables us to personalize , improve and continue to operate the Services .
In connection with certain aspects of the Services , we may request , collect and/or display some of your Personal Information .
We collect the following types of information from our users .
When you create an Account , you will provide information that could be Personal Information , such as your username , password and email address .
You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you , and by creating an account on Bitly and providing Personal Information to us , you allow others , including Bitly , to identify you and therefore may not be anonymous .
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services , but only rarely when we feel such information is important .
You may unsubscribe from these messages through your Account settings , although Bitly regardless reserves the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary , such as for account recovery purposes .
One feature of the Services is the ability to create shortened uniform resource locators ( URLs ) .
Bitly collects and stores both the original URL and the shortened URL and , if you have an Account and are logged in , associates that information with your Account .
Bitly also collects and stores ( i ) the time and date on which you shortened the original URL and ( ii ) if you chose to share the URL , information on the channels through which the URL was shared .
Metrics and Analytics :
Bitly collects information about accesses ( such as clicks ) of every shortened URL created through the Services .
This information includes , but is not limited to : ( i ) the IP address and physical location of the devices accessing the shortened URL ; ( ii ) the referring websites or services ; ( iii ) the time and date of each access ; and ( iv ) information about sharing of the shortened URL on Third Party Services such as Twitter and Facebook .
These metrics and analytics are used by Bitly and its partners to improve their websites and services by , for example , providing value-added features .
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services , such as written descriptions of URLs , comments , images and video .
For example , using the Bundles feature , Bitly users can curate and bundle together a set of links , and can add content to those Bundles , such as comments and videos .
All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by Bitly indefinitely , even after you terminate your account .
We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information , as described in this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected From Third Party Services :
Some features of the Services allow you to share your Bitly information through your accounts with Third Party Services such as Facebook and Twitter .
If you choose to connect Bitly to such Third Party Services , we may collect information related to your use of those Third Party Services , such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your Third Party Service accounts .
We may otherwise collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected Third Party Services .
Note that Third Party Services may have the ability to restrict the information that is provided to us .
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically :
Bitly automatically receives and records information from your web browser when you interact with the Services , including your IP address and cookie information .
This information may be used for to help us understand how users transit a website , to fight spam/malware , to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services ( e.g. , what Bitly links you have clicked on ) and for other similar purposes .
Generally , the Services automatically collect usage information , such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site .
Bitly may use this data in aggregate form , that is , as a statistical measure , but not in a manner that would identify you personally .
This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them .
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us .
We use this confirmation to improve our customer service .
Information Collected Using Cookies :
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser when you access a website .
Your browser stores cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit .
We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit our Site and use the Services through the web .
Bitly cookies also allow Bitly to track when you have clicked on a Bitly shortened URL .
Each click of a shortened URL is tracked using a unique identifier assigned to you in one or more cookies stored by your web browser and associated with Bitly .
Bitly cookies do not , by themselves , contain Personal Information , and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are .
As noted , however , we do use cookies to identify that your web browser has accessed a Bitly URL and may associate that information with your Account if you have one .
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature , which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , as well as ( depending on the sophistication of your browser software ) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways .
We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active , because they enable you to take advantage the most attractive features of the Services .
You may also ask bitly not to place cookies on your web browser when you are logged in .
When cookies are disabled in this manner , clicks on bitly links are not tied back to or associated with your web browser .
To make this change , click here to opt out
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Bitly only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties .
Bitly does not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer .
For example , third party websites to which a URL points may set cookies on your computer .
We collect statistical information about how both unregistered and registered users , collectively , use the Services ( Aggregate Information ) .
Some of this information is derived from Personal Information , such as your location ( which , in turn , is derived from your IP address ) .
This statistical information is not Personal Information and can not be tied back to you , your Account or your web browser .
How and To Whom Is My Information Shared
The Services are designed to help you share information with others .
As a result , much of the information generated through the Services is shared publicly or with third parties .
Public Bitly Activity Information :
Much of your activity on and through the Services is public by default .
This includes , but is not limited to :
Unshortened URLs you have shortened , their corresponding shortened URLs , the time and date those URLs were shortened , and metrics and analytics information for your shortened URLs , as described above ;
Aggregate non-personal information about what Bitly links you have clicked on and associated metrics and analytics information , as described above ; and
Any Bundles you have created , along with content added to those Bundles , if you have elected to make those Bundles public .
Registered users may have some of this information associated with their Accounts .
Unregistered users will not have this association , but information concerning their use of the Services ( such as what Bitly links they click on , when they clicked , from where they clicked , etc . ) is tracked anonymously through the use of cookies and stored by Bitly .
For registered users , some of this information is publicly accessible through a unique URL , which that user can make non-public through his/her Account settings when he or she is logged in .
Removing access to the unique URL does not , however , make this information non-public , and it may still be accessible through other means , such as Bitly 's API services .
Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using certain features of the Service , then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available .
Individuals reading this information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge .
Therefore , we urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or submit through the Service .
IP Address Information :
While we collect and store IP address information , that information is not made public .
We do at times , however , share this information with our partners , service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business .
We may share hashes of your IP address with other third parties , but these hashes can not feasibly be reversed into the IP addresses themselves or linked to you individually .
Information You Elect to Share :
When creating a shortened URL , you can elect to share that URL through Third Party Services .
Any information that you elect to distribute through Third Party Services is instantly provided to them and may then become accessible to users of those services .
Therefore , in addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy , you should also review the terms of services and privacy policies of such Third Party Services that you access through the Services .
You may otherwise access other Third Party Services through the Services , for example by clicking on links in the Statistics page for a Bitly shortened URL .
Bitly is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party Services , and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services ' privacy policies .
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services .
We share Aggregate Information with our partners , service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business , in order to do product development , marketing optimization and research , and other kinds of services .
We share this kind of anonymous statistical data so that our partners can understand how and how often people use our Services and their services or websites , which facilitates improving their services and online marketing , and how Bitly interfaces with them .
Email Communications with Bitly :
As part of the Services , you may occasionally receive from Bitly email and other communication relating to your Account .
These emails will only be sent for purposes important to the Services , such as password recovery .
User Profile Information :
User profile information including your username , Twitter account name and Facebook account name ( to the extent you have linked your Account with those services ) , and other information you enter may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services .
Users ' email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by Bitly .
Information Shared with Agents of Bitly :
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control ( our Agents ) .
We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you .
Unless we tell you differently , our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents .
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers :
In some cases , we may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , user information is typically one of the transferred business assets .
Moreover , if Bitly , or substantially all of its assets , were acquired , or in the unlikely event that Bitly goes out of business or enters bankruptcy , user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquirer of Bitly may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy .
Information Disclosed for the Protection of Bitly and Others :
Bitly also reserves the right to access , read , preserve , and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to ( i ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request , ( ii ) enforce these Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations hereof , ( iii ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , ( iv ) respond to user support requests , or ( v ) protect the rights , property or safety of Bitly , its users and the public .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention .
Information We Share With Your Consent :
Except as set forth above , you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties , and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
Is Information About Me Secure
Your Account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security .
You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account .
Bitly endeavors to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private ; however , Bitly can not guarantee the security of any Account information .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
Bitly otherwise stores all of its information , including your IP address information , using industry-standard security techniques .
Bitly does not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you stored by Bitly , Personal Information or otherwise .
What Information of Mine Can I Access
If you are a registered user , you can access information associated with your Account by logging into the Site .
This information includes a history of the URLs you have shortened , and access to the metrics pages for those URLs .
If you are not a registered user , you can access the metrics pages for your shortened URLs by adding the + symbol to the end of the URL .
Registered and unregistered users can access all of the above information .
How Can I Delete My Account
In the interest of ensuring that existing bitly links continue to function for all of our users , bitly links currently can not be deleted or disabled .
As such , shortening and sharing activity that has already occurred on your account currently can not be deleted .
However , your user history can easily be set to private from within your bitly account settings , and individual links can be archived from within your bitly user history .
What Choices Do I Have Regarding My Information
You can use many of the features of the service without registering , thereby limiting the type of information that we collect .
As stated previously , you can always opt not to disclose certain information to Bitly , even though it may be needed to take advantage of some Bitly features .
You can delete your Account .
Please note that Bitly will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account , and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by Bitly and may be publicly accessible .
What Happens When There Are Changes to this Privacy Policy
Bitly may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make changes in the way we collect or use information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending you an email .
A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted .
What If I Have Questions or Concerns
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .
Effective Date : June 14 , 2011 .

Features > Legal > Privacy Policy
This policy describes the ways we collect , store , use and protect your personal information .
You accept this policy when you sign up for or use our products , services or any other features , technologies or functionalities offered by us on our website or through any other means .
We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website .
The revised version will be effective at the time we post it .
In addition , if the revised version includes a substantial change , we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the `` Privace Policy '' page of our website .
How we collect information about you
When you visit the BitPay website or use the BitPay Services , we collect your IP address and standard web log information , such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on our website .
If you open an account or use the BitPay Services , we may collect the following types of information :
- Contact information : your name , address , phone , email , Skype ID and other similar information .
- Financial information : the full bank account numbers that you link to your BitPay account or give us when you use the BitPay Services .
Before permitting you to use the BitPay Services , we may require you to provide additional information we can use to verify your identity or address or manage risk , such as your date of birth , social security number or other information .
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services .
When you are using the BitPay Services , we collect information about your transactions and your other activities on our website or using the BitPay Services and we may collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes .
How we use cookies
When you access our website , we , or companies we hire to track how our website is used , may place small data files called `` cookies '' on your computer .
We and our service providers also use cookies to customize the BitPay Services , content and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
We send a `` session cookie '' to your computer when you log in to your account or otherwise use the BitPay Services .
This type of cookie helps us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages on our site during the same session , so that we don not need to ask you for your password on each page .
Once you log out or close your browser , this cookie expires and no longer has any effect .
We also use longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to display your e-mail address on our sign-in form , so that you do n't need to retype the e-mail address each time you log in to your account .
We encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them .
You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , but doing so may interfere with your use of our website .
We may also collect information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk and for fraud prevention purposes .
You may encounter cookies from third parties when using the BitPay Services on websites that we do not control ( for example , if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party , there may be a cookie placed by that web page or application . )
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy , we use the term `` personal information '' to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user .
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where BitPay facilities are located , and we protect it by maintaining physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations .
We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption , we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files , and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities .
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
We may use your personal information to :
- provide the BitPay Services and customer support you request ; - process transactions and send notices about your transactions ; - resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ; - prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ; - customize , measure , and improve the BitPay Services and the content and layout of our website and applications ; - deliver targeted marketing , service update notices , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences ; - compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties .
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize the BitPay Services , content and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs , simply indicate your preference by logging into your account and going to the Profile subtab under the My Account tab and adjusting your preferences under Account Information , or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement .
How we share personal information with other BitPay users
To process your payments , we may share some of your personal information with the person or company that you are paying or that is paying you .
Your contact information , date of sign-up , the number of payments you have received from verified BitPay users , and whether you have verified control of a bank account are provided to other BitPay users who you transact with through BitPay .
In addition , this and other information may also be shared with third parties when you use these third parties to access the BitPay Services .
Unless you have agreed to it , these third parties are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than to enable the BitPay Services .
If you are buying goods or services and pay through BitPay , we may also provide the seller with your confirmed credit card billing address to help complete your transaction with the seller .
The seller is not allowed to use this information to market their services to you unless you have agreed to it .
If an attempt to pay your seller fails , or is later invalidated , we may also provide your seller with details of the unsuccessful payment .
To facilitate dispute resolutions , we may provide a buyer with the sellers address so that goods can be returned to the seller .
We work with third parties , including merchants , to enable them to accept or facilitate payments from or to you using BitPay .
In doing so , a third party may share information about you with us , such as your email address or mobile phone number to inform you that a payment is sent to you or when you attempt to pay that merchant or through that third party .
We use this information to confirm to that you are a BitPay customer and that BitPay as a form of payment can be enabled , or where a payment is sent to you to send you notification that you have received a payment .
Also , if you request that we validate your status as a BitPay customer with a third party , we will do so .
Please note that merchants you buy from and contract with have their own privacy policies , and BitPay may not be held responsible for their operations , including , but not limited to , their information practices .

Effective Date : November 7 , 2012
By accessing this site , you agree that you have read and understand the Reinvent International , Inc .
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this policy , please do not use the Site .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT & WHY
Personal Information Submitted By You .
The Personal Information we collect from you includes but is not limited to your name , email address , zip code and phone number .
We collect Personal Information you provide to us for purposes of ( a ) signing up for our Black Friday notification service ; ( b ) filling out and submitting one of our online surveys ; ( c ) participating in one of our contests ; and ( d ) your general use of the Site such as your participation in one of our online comments .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal Information is used by BlackFriday.com for the purpose for which it was submitted .
For example , if you submit your email address and other information required to subscribe to our Black Friday notification , we will use that Personal Information to send you our Black Friday notification .
Please see below for your Choice/Opt Out options .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer the Site .
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We will share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy .
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties .
Demographic and aggregate Information may be shared by us with third party advertisers .
Aggregate Information contains no personal identifiers .
BlackFriday.com makes every reasonable effort to preserve user privacy .
However , we may also disclose your personal information as required by law , such as to comply with a subpoena , or similar legal process , when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , or respond to a government request , to any other third party with your prior consent to do so .
We use cookies on this site .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
Persistent cookies are used to automatically log you in or remember you when you come to our site .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help file .
If you reject cookies , you may still use our site , but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited .
Our third party partners employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . web tracking images ) , images , and scripts that help them better manage content on our site .
We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers ' or Users ' personally identifiable information .
SALE OR TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
In the event of a sale , merger , liquidation , dissolution , or transfer of part of the business , trade or assets of BlackFriday.com , all Information collected about you via this Site may be sold , assigned , or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity or assets or business of BlackFriday.com .
Subject to your election to opt out as described below .
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our site of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
THIRD PARTIES ; LINKS
This Site may include links to the web sites of both our affiliated and non-affiliated entities ( Other Sites ) , including access to content , products and services of such affiliated and non-affiliated entities .
Whenever you choose to access Other Sites via this Site , a separate browser window will launch and you will leave this Site .
We urge you to familiarize yourself with the individual privacy and other terms for each linked site prior to submitting your Personal Information .
Our site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum , please contact us .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Our site includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button and widgets , such as the ShareThis button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Users will be notified of changes to this Policy by a notice posted on the Site within ten business days prior to the changes taking effect .
Any material change in how Personal Information is collected or used by BlackFriday.com , will cause a notice to be posted on the site prior to the change .
An email will also be sent to registered newsletter readers when a change is made , giving them the opportunity to opt-out .
By using this Site , you consent to the use , storage and disclosure of your Information by us in the manner described in this Policy .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy from time to time and will alert you to such changes via the Notification procedure described in the preceding paragraph .
Users may submit requests to BlackFriday.com for changing , deleting , and modifying Personal Information previously submitted , by sending an email .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Our site sends you email everytime a major adscan breaks from the retailers that shoppers are interested in .
Should you wish to unsubscribe , please click the unsubscribe link on any email .
Venture Media , Inc .
Vancouver , BC V6B 2R9

Last Updated : December 20 , 2013
Welcome to Bleacher Report , the online and mobile service of Bleacher Report , Inc .
( Bleacher Report , we , or us ) .
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose , and protect information that applies to our Service , and your choices about the collection and use of your information .
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use .
We collect the following types of information about you :
Information you provide us directly : We ask for certain information such as your first and last name , phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Bleacher Report account , or if you correspond with us .
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service , and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service , including posts from your blog .
We use this information to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service , and as further detailed below .
Information we may receive from third parties : We may receive information about you from third parties .
For example , if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in , for example , through Twitter or Facebook Connect , by following , liking , adding the Bleacher Report application , linking your account to the Bleacher Report service , etc. , that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Bleacher Report .
This information could include , but is not limited to , the user ID associated with your account ( for example , your Facebook UID ) , an access token necessary to access that service , any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us , and any information you have made public in connection with that service , including your public profile picture , news feed , posts on your wall ( including your friends ' posts on your wall ) , friends list , etc .
You should always review , and if necessary , adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Bleacher Report Service .
You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service .
If you unlink your third party account , we will remove the information collected about you in connection with that service .
Finding your friends on Bleacher Report : If you so choose , you can find your friends on the Bleacher Report Service .
Our find friends feature allows you to choose to locate your friends either through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) .
If you choose to find your friends through your mobile device 's contact list , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your contact list so that we can determine whether individuals in your contacts list are using our Service .
If you choose to find your friends through social media sites , then you understand that we may access your friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites , so that we can determine whether individuals in your friends list or social media network are using our Service .
Note that , in connection with the find friends feature , we do not retain any information contained in your mobile device 's contact list or information from social media sites about your contacts , and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you find and connect with your friends on Bleacher Report .
Adding a friend to a Group on Bleacher Report : If you choose to add another User or a third party ( an invitee ) to your Group on the Bleacher Report Service , or if you share an article or other content with members of your Group , you may provide us with the invitee 's first and last name , email address , mobile telephone number , or other contact information .
We may also allow you to access contact information through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) .
If you choose to do so , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your mobile device 's contact list or your social media account friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites .
We will use and store the information we collect to add that invitee to your Group , to create a temporary User ID and URL to permit that invitee to access your Group , to send a Message to the invitee , and to track the success of this feature .
Unless the invitee otherwise agrees , we do not use the invitee 's contact information for marketing purposes , and we do not share such information with third parties except as described below in Sharing of Your Information .
We may directly collect or use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service .
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device as part of a web page request , including the web pages you visit , your browser add-ons , your browser 's width and height , and other information that assists us in improving the Service .
We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it can not reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user .
Cookies information : When you visit the Service , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Bleacher Report help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site .
A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service ( e.g. , the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on the Service ) , and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled .
g. Log file information : Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you use our Service , our servers automatically record certain log file information .
These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information .
Clear gifs/web beacons information : When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( also known as web beacons ) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients .
The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service .
Device identifiers : When you access the Service by or through a mobile device ( including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets ) , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers , such as a universally unique identifier ( UUID ) .
Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device , which uniquely identify your mobile device .
A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware , data stored in connection with the device 's operating system or other software , or data sent to the device by Bleacher Report .
A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service .
A device identifier may remain persistently on your device , to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service .
Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled .
Location data : When you access the Service by or through a mobile device , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store location data , which may include GPS coordinates ( e.g . latitude and/or longitude ) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device .
Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service .
Some features of the Service , particularly location-based services , may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled .
Commercial and marketing communications : We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you .
We may send you emails or push notifications on your mobile device containing newsletters , promotions and special offers .
If you do not want to receive such email messages , you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences .
You may opt-out of push notification messages by changing your settings on your mobile device .
We will not send you marketing communications using SMS text messages .
We also use your information to send you Service-related notices ( e.g. , account verification , purchase and billing confirmations and reminders , changes/updates to features of the Service , technical and security notices ) to your email address or mobile device via push notification .
You may not opt out of Service-related messages .
You will also be able to be found on Bleacher Report based on information that you provide ( see Find friends on Bleacher Report ) above .
Use of certain service type information we collect about you : We use or may use cookies , log file , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors , traffic , and demographic patterns ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems ; ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in ; ( g ) to provide advertising to your browser or device , and ( h ) automatically update the Bleacher Report application on your mobile devices .
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information into third parties outside Bleacher Report and its group companies ( including any parent , subsidiaries and affiliates ) without your consent , except as noted below :
Who we may share your information with : We may share your information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you .
Those business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service , and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy .
Who you may choose to share your User Content with : Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service , such as User Content , becomes available to the public , as controlled by any available privacy settings .
To change your privacy settings on the Service , please change your profile settings .
Subject to your profile and privacy settings , any User Content that you voluntarily make public is searchable by other Users , including your full name and blog URL ( should you provide this optional information ) .
In addition , Bleacher Report allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the Service , and may allow third parties to access such information via the Bleacher Report application programming interface ( API ) .
If you remove information that you posted to the Service , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service , or if other Users have copied or saved that information .
What happens in the event of a change of control : We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company ( including any shares in the company ) , or any combination of its products , services , assets and/or businesses .
Your information such as customer names and email addresses , User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions .
We may also sell , assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , acquisitions , bankruptcies , dissolutions , reorganizations , liquidations , similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company .
Instances where we are required to share your information : Bleacher Report will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service ; and/or ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Bleacher Report , our Users or others .
Sharing certain service type information we collect about you : We may share certain service type information , including information obtained through tools such as cookies , log files , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc . ) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on How We Collect and Use Information .
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated , anonymized data with third parties .
Ads on Bleacher Report : We may also share certain information such as your location , browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements ( ads ) that may be of interest to you .
Bleacher Report may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser or mobile device , the ads and ad links that appear on the Service , and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , device identifiers , location data , and clear gifs , see above ) to compile information about your browser 's or device 's visits and usage patterns on the Service , and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content .
Bleacher Report does not sell , rent , or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties ' own marketing purposes , unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose .
Additionally , you may wish to opt-out of receiving cookies by adjusting your browser settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed .
See Your Choices About Your Information below .
Please note that an advertiser may ask Bleacher Report to show an ad to a certain audience of Users ( e.g. , based on demographics or other interests ) .
In that situation , Bleacher Report determines the target audience and Bleacher Report serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser .
If you respond to such an ad , the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
The Bleacher Report Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , third-party advertisers .
Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information .
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Storage and Processing : Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities .
Bleacher Report may transfer information that we collect about you , including personal information , to affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that we may transfer information , including personal information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction , and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its parent , subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Keeping your information safe : Bleacher Report cares about the security of your information , and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information ( including Group hyperlinks , if applicable ) , and for controlling access to your email communications from Bleacher Report , at all times .
However , Bleacher Report can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Bleacher Report or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed .
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Bleacher Report 's distributors , such as social networks .
Bleacher Report is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party .
Compromise of information : In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Bleacher Report will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate , notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps , in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations .
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You control your account information and settings : You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings .
San Francisco , CA 94108
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers .
You may not opt out of certain Service-related notices .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests .
Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising : At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions .
Please refer to your mobile device or browser 's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies , and other tracking/recording tools .
Depending on your type of device , it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device .
Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Bleacher Report or its business partners from tracking your browser 's activities in relation to the Service , and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties .
However , doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service .
How long we keep your User Content : Following termination or deactivation of your User account , Bleacher Report may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup , archival , or audit purposes .
Bleacher Report does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users .
The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service , including the information or content contained therein .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website , our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services .
Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service , including those that have a link or advertisement on our website , are subject to that third party 's own rules and policies .
In addition , you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content .
If you are using a third-party website or service ( like Facebook or Twitter ) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means ( including offline ) or from other sources other than through the Service .
HOW TO CONTACT US
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Bleacher Report may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices , and so you should review this page periodically .
When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the last modified ' date at the bottom of this page .
This privacy policy was last modified on August 22 , 2012 .
Read the Terms of Use
Read the Acceptable Use Policy

This privacy policy sets out how Qkos Services Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Qkos Services Ltd when you use this website .
Qkos Services Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected .
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website , then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement .
Qkos Services Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page .
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes .
This policy is effective from 01/01/2011 .
We may collect the following information :
Contact information including email address , skype or google talk username
iPhone or mobile device identifier
Yubikey or other two factor authentication token
What do n't collect
We may not collect the following information :
Wallet passwords ( Excluding when provided using the developer API 's ) .
Information on any transactions other than that which is publically available on blockchain.info
Name , Address , Zip code or any other personally identifiable information other than listed in the previous section
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service , and in particular for the following reasons :
Internal record keeping .
We may use the information to improve our products and services .
We may periodically send promotional emails about new updates which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided .
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure .
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure , we have put in place suitable physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer 's hard drive .
Once you agree , the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site .
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual .
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs , likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences .
Overall , cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not .
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you , other than the data you choose to share with us .
You can choose to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website .
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest .
However , once you have used these links to leave our site , you should note that we do not have any control over that other website .
Therefore , we can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement .
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question .
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell , distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so .
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen .
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
A small fee will be payable .
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Qkos Services Ltd .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete , please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address .
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect .

( Updated on March 28th , 2011 )
There has been a couple of questions regarding feedly privacy in my inbox .
I will try to address the question here so that everyone benefit from it and the answer can be further clarified if necessary .
FEEDLY WHAT 'S NEW
Question : What part of the feedly information gets shared with other users .
Answer : The only feedly information which gets shared with other users are the articles you recommend and tweet from feedly .
Other users will not be able to know what sources and articles you read unless you explicitly recommend or tweet an article from that sources .
The articles you share in feedly are automatically shared in Google Reader so that other users can subscribe to your shared articles feed in Google Reader or Google Buzz .
Other tools try to infer how interesting an article is based on how much time you spent reading it and/or if you clicked on a link or viewed a video .
We consciously decided to do *none* of that .
Question : Google Reader allows me to keep my shared item private and share it only with a specific subset of users .
Does feedly provide this feature as well ?
Answer : No .
In feedly , we decided to try to start by replicating the flickr model and all items shared or annotated are automatically available to the entire feedly community .
As the service matures , we will look into offering more granularity .
Question : What data is feedly collecting and storing on the feedly servers ?
Answer : At account creation time , we create a profile and import your user id , your nickname and email .
This allows users to search and find other users and follow their recommendations .
If you have an existing Google Reader account , we import your OPML ( list of categories and feeds ) .
This allows us to perform collaborative filtering and suggest new sources you might be interested in based on sources you have already subscribed to ( similar to iTunes genius concept ) .
If not , you can pick and choose and import a subset of your bookmarks or an existing netvibes or bloglines account .
During reading time , we capture how many articles from a source a user reads , recommends or tweet from feedly .
This allows us to understand which sources you like best and better showcase articles from those sources in the digest and cover .
When someone follows you in feedly/google reader , they only see the articles you have shared .
Question : Does feedly mini keep track of what web pages I browse ?
Answer : The answer is no .
Because feedly is an extension , all the integration is performed in real-time on the client .
As such the feedly service does not see or track at all what pages you navigate on .
Feedly uses Google Analytics to track anonymously which subset of features are being used .
We use that aggregated usage information to continuously enhance the design of the product .

Privacy and Security Statement
Thank you for visiting the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) website and reviewing our privacy and security statement .
The BLS is strongly committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems .
With respect to the collection , use , and disclosure of personal information , the BLS makes every effort to comply with applicable federal law , including the Privacy Act of 1974 , the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 , the Freedom of Information Act , and other legislation .
The BLS does not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information .
The information we receive depends on what you do when visiting our site .
If you respond to an online request for personal information
Generally , the information requested by the BLS will be used to respond to your inquiry or to provide you with better service .
When BLS requests this information , the reasons for collecting it and the intended use of the information are explained in a customized `` Privacy Notice . ''
This Privacy Notice will appear on the webpage collecting the information or be accessible through a link displayed immediately preceding the information request .
When you visit the BLS website , we collect and store the following information
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
A computer 's IP address establishes its location on the Internet and allows other computers , such as those hosting bls.gov , to send it content and other information
The Internet domain name of a computer accessing bls.gov through a domain , such as from a corporation ( `` xcompany.com '' ) or university ( `` yourschool.edu '' )
The date , time , and duration of a website visit
The URL of a referring page if a visitor to bls.gov accesses the site through a link on a page not on bls.gov
Information about the computer , such as the type and version of web browser ( for example , Internet Explorer 8.0 , Mozilla Firefox 5.0 ) , operating system ( for example , Unix , Mac OS , MS Windows ) , Java support ( yes or no ) , Flash version ( for example , 10.1 r85 ) , screen resolution ( for example , 1280x800 ) , and connection speed ( for example , DSL , T1 )
The specific pages a computer accesses when it requests information from bls.gov
The amount of data ( measured in number of bytes ) transmitted from bls.gov to a computer
Contents of the persistent tracking cookie ( see Cookie Use Notice below )
This information is used to create summary statistics that allow us to count the number of visitors to the different sections of our site , identify what information is of most and least interest , determine technical design specifications , monitor system performance , and help us make our site more useful .
If you identify yourself by sending an email containing personal information
You may decide to send us personally identifying information , such as your mailing address , in an email message requesting information to be mailed to you .
Information collected in this manner is used solely for responding to requests for information or records .
We may forward your email to other government employees who are better able to help you .
If you link to other sites outside BLS
Our website has many links to other sites .
When you link to these other sites , you are no longer on bls.gov and are subject to the privacy policy of the other site .
The BLS uses an automated spam filtering system on all email messages entering the BLS network .
This filtering process enhances the security of BLS systems and the professionalism of the workplace and enables the BLS staff to serve our customers better .
On rare occasions , this filtering process may prevent us from receiving your email or may delay our response .
The BLS employs `` cookies '' to provide better service to our customers .
We do not use cookies to collect any personally identifying information from users or to track user activities beyond our website .
This means that when you visit a page on bls.gov , the web browser on your computer may download and save a small file from bls.gov so that our website can recognize your specific browser when you use bls.gov in the future .
Cookies fall into two categories , based on the length of time they remain active :
Session cookies last only as long as a web browser is open .
Once the browser is closed , the data files on your computer are deleted .
Persistent cookies last beyond a single session of browsing .
These cookies allow a website to recognize a computer or user for a defined amount of time .
The BLS website uses the following web measurement and customization technologies , as directed by the Office of Management and Budget 's Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( OMB M-10-22 ) :
Session cookies are used for technical purposes , such as remembering your time series selections from one page to another while using the BLS data query tools .
Under the Office of Management and Budget 's guidance , this qualifies as a Tier 1 use .
Session cookies are used to track the number of pages you have viewed before showing you a customer satisfaction survey .
Under the Office of Management and Budget 's guidance , this qualifies as a Tier 1 use .
Third-party session cookies are used by our analytics provider ( currently WebTrends OnDemand ) .
The analytics provider does not receive personally identifying information through these cookies and does not combine , match , or cross-reference bls.gov information with any other information .
Under the Office of Management and Budget 's guidance , this qualifies as a Tier 1 use .
Persistent cookies are used to recognize a computer that has previously visited bls.gov .
The BLS website sets persistent cookies to assess which pages are popular , how often people visit the website , and other measures .
These cookies do not collect personally identifying information .
Under the Office of Management and Budget 's guidance , this qualifies as a Tier 2 use .
How you can control website measurement and customization technologies
Visitors can control aspects of website measurement and customization technologies used on bls.gov .
Visitors who choose to disable these technologies will still have access to comparable information and services on bls.gov except for the data query tools , which require the use of session cookies .
You can choose not to accept cookies from any website , including bls.gov , by changing the settings of your browser .
You also can delete cookies stored in your browser at any time .
The BLS website is part of a federal computer system and is monitored to ensure it remains available to all users and to protect the integrity of the information contained in the system .
By accessing this website , you consent to these monitoring activities .
Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features , to use the system for purposes other than those for which it was intended , to deny service , to alter , damage , or destroy information , or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited .
Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 , the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 , and other applicable criminal laws .
Automated retrieval program ( robot ) activity
The BLS is committed to providing data promptly and according to established schedules .
Automated retrieval programs ( commonly called `` robots '' or `` bots '' ) can cause delays and interfere with other customers ' timely access to information .
Therefore , excessive robot activity on BLS websites is prohibited .
BLS will block robots that access the website in any way that BLS considers excessive or malicious , including robots that attempt to access or download survey information multiple times per second with resulting degradation of service to others .
BLS also reserves the right to block robots that do not contain information that can be used to contact the owner .
Blocking may occur in real time .
Last Modified Date : June 13 , 2012

Geekdo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Geekdo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies , except when we have your explicit permission ( for example , to pass on your contact information when you have won a contest ) .
You will not get on a spammer 's list because of your interactions with Geekdo .
Geekdo collects personal information when you register with Geekdo , when you use Geekdo products or services , when you visit Geekdo pages or the pages of certain Geekdo partners , and when you enter Geekdo contests .
Geekdo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , e-mail address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
Once you register with Geekdo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Geekdo collects information about your transactions with us .
Geekdo automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Geekdo cookie information , and the page you request .
Geekdo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and investigate abuse .
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website .
ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you .
Geekdo reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we may post a notice on our website so our users are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user ( s ) to do otherwise .
We reserve the right to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , violations of the Geekdo Terms of Service , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , or as otherwise required by law .

Boing Boing Privacy Policy
Effective : June 27 , 2013
Welcome to Boing Boing , a Website created by Happy Mutants , LLC , ( Happy Mutants , We , Us ) which lives at boingboing.net ( Boing Boing , Website , Site ) .
This Privacy Policy applies to any information that is collected while you are on the Site and our hosted discussion forum at bbs.boingboing.net .
Our goal with this policy is to be transparent about the information we collect , how we use it , and how it is shared .
This Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service , and by using the Site you agree to both .
Terms with initial capital letters used in this Privacy Policy shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Terms of Service .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
We collect limited information when you browse the site
When you visit the Site we collect log data , for example : the type of browser and operating system you are using , the address of the external or internal page that referred you , your IP address and pages on the site that you visit in association with your IP address .
This information is recorded even if you do not have a Discussion Forum account , or even when you are logged out of your account .
We mostly use this information to diagnose issues with the site .
We only retain it for three days .
We Collect Information Using Cookies
Advertising pays our bills so we use a lot of cookies .
You should know how cookies work .
You should know what cookies we use .
You should support cookie reform efforts if you choose .
We collect information when you use our Discussion Forum
We partner with Civilized Discourse Construction Kit , Inc. , ( CDCK ) to provide and host a Discourse.org Discussion Forum .
They allow you to create an account that can be used on all their hosted forums .
This policy controls how we use the data we are able to access about your account and your use of the Forum .
However CDCK also has access to and is able to share all information associated with your Discussion Forum account and your posts on our Forum .
Our agreement with them requires that they only use this data to run this forum and for no other purposes .
However if you are going to create an account and use the forum , we strongly urge you to read the CDCK Privacy Policy here .
You should also remember that anything you post on the forum is public and therefore is not covered by this privacy policy -- it is viewable by everyone on the Internet .
We Collect Information When You Suggest A Link
When you use our form to suggest a link , we request ( 1 ) a title for the item you 're suggesting ; ( 2 ) an URL of the suggested website ; and ( 3 ) a description of the suggested site .
We use this information to assess your suggestion .
We also ask for your name , email and your URL .
These fields are optional and we use them to give you appropriate credit .
If you ask to remain anonymous , we will not publish your name in association with your suggestion , should we choose to use it .
We will never spam your email .
We maintain this information indefinitely and use it to evaluate submissions quickly .
We Collect Information When You Sign Up For The Boing Boing Blast
When you subscribe to receive the Boing Boing Blast , we require your email address so that we can send you the day 's headlines and excerpts .
It is optional to provide your first and/or last name and we only use it to personalize the message .
We do not use your email for any other purpose than to send the Blast .
You will remain on this list until you unsubscribe , which you can do at any time .
We partner with MailChimp to provide email list services .
Their privacy policy can be found here .
We DO NOT Collect Information When You Use The Boing Boing Shop
Our marketplace services are provided by Neatoshop.com .
Their privacy policy can be found here .
We do not have access to any personal information that you provide to them during the purchase and checkout process .
We Collect Information When You Communicate With Us Directly
If you email us or send other communications to us directly , we will retain your email or address and correspondence so that we may respond to your request .
We retain this information indefinitely so that we have a history of our past communications .
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
It is generally our policy not to share or sell your personally identifiable information with any third party .
We may , however , share information under the following circumstances :
If we receive your informed consent ;
If it is necessary for a third party provider to perform tasks on our behalf ( as described in this policy ) ;
If we believe doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation , or valid legal process .
If we are going to release your information , we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance , if we have a means to contact you , unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so ; or
If we are acquired by or merged with another company .
This Privacy Policy would continue to apply to any data collected while it was in place .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
It should go without saying , but we 'll say it anyway : this website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites , unless we have specified them in this document .
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , physical and administrative procedures to protect the confidentiality of the information that we collect on our site .
However , the Internet is not a vault and data can be lost .
Happy Mutants is a San Francisco , California-based company whose servers are housed in Canada .
All personal information we collect from our international users is processed according to US law .
We comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit Export.gov .
We have kids .
We love kids .
Really we do .
But the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
So to be clear , Boing Boing is not intended for users under the age of 13 .
Nobody under 13 may create an account or use any part of the Site that requires the submission of personally identifiable information , like email or name .
Any account that is created by a person under 13 will be terminated and any content created will be removed from the Site .
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be revised .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will make them available , in advance , on the Boingboing.net home page .
We use a lot of cookies on this site .
Online publishing is primarily supported by advertising and so is Boing Boing .
Until there 's a better way , we 're stuck with cookies , all of us .
What we can do , however , is inform you about the cookies that we use and how you can opt-out from using them , if you choose .
Just remember , cookies power the advertising and the advertising pays for the Site .
What is a cookie ?
Cookies are small data files that websites store in your hard drive .
They create a unique id that is associated with your browser .
We use first-party cookies for analytics , which tell us about user activity on our site .
We use third-party cookies to collect information about your habits across multiple sites and to provide advertising that is targeted to your interests .
Our third-party advertising partners also use third-party cookies .
More information about each is provided below .
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how you engage with our site so that we can improve it .
Google Analytics reports website trends without identifying individual visitors .
You may install a Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Button here .
The Google Analytics Privacy Policy can be read here .
We host Mint Analytics on our servers to understand how our visitors interact with our site .
Our reports aggregate user activity anonymously and do not identify you individually .
We display sharing buttons so you can use social networking to share items from our site .
This includes the Add This cookie , which allows us to understand what content you thought was worth sharing .
The Add This Privacy Policy provides an opt-out of their analytics program .
It also includes the Facebook recommend button and other interactive mini-programs that run on our site that collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and sets a cookie to enable the widget to function properly .
Your interactions with these Widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them , not by this Privacy Policy .
Google FeedBurner for RSS
Our content is syndicated and distributed through Feedburner , owned by Google .
When you subscribe to the RSS feed , your account is controlled by Google Accounts , and we have no access to the personal information you share with them .
Read the Google Privacy Policy .
Not technically an analytics cookie , but you should know that we present links in a format that enables us to track when links are followed .
Specifically , when you make a purchase on Amazon.com after clicking an Amazon link on our site , we collect a small portion of the sale from Amazon as part of the Amazon Affiliate Program .
You are not identifiable to us personally and we only see aggregated , anonymized statistics on what was purchased .
We use Google Ads products like remarketing , similar audiences and interest categories on our site .
Google uses the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based upon your visits to this website .
They also present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction on our website and other sites .
You can adjust Google 's use of cookies by visiting Google 's Ads Settings .
You may permanently opt-out of the Google DoubleClick cookie here .
We partner with Sharethrough to provide online video advertising .
Sharethrough uses a cookie and tracking pixel to collect non-personally identifiable information about what ads you click , which they use to target the ads to your interests .
Their privacy policy has a link to opt out of this program .
We partner with Federated Media to provide third-party advertising .
Federated Media , and the companies that it contracts with to serve ads may place or recognize unique cookies on your browser and use information about your visits to this and other sites to provide advertisements on this and other sites .
We do not share any personal information with Federated Media ( like your email address ) however the log data they collect does include IP addresses , though these are not tied to any user account .
You can opt-out of their behavioral advertising program on their Privacy Policy .
Our RSS feed is monetized by feedsportal.com , owned by Mediafed , which uses a cookie for analytics collection .
They do not use their cookie to collect or track any personally identifiable information about you .
Their privacy policy is here and it has instructions for opting out of their cookie .
We have vendors who we partner with directly to provide advertisements on our Site .
Just so we are clear about how we use advertising on the site , below are some of the most common kinds of sponsorships on Boing Boing :
Sponsored sections , themes , or categories : A marketer sometimes sponsors a category , section , or series of posts within a particular theme .
At the top of those posts , the sponsor of that section is identified .
Of course , the sponsor wo n't have any editorial input , guidance , or approval , of the content of our posts .
Widgets : A marketer sponsors a technology , widget or interface feature on the site that we think enhances the BB experience for you .
Advertisers ' Web sites : As part of a campaign , one or more of us might do some writing on a marketer 's Web site .
Banner ads or posts may promote our contributions and link to the advertiser 's site .
If a sponsorship is involved in such a post , we 'll say so .
Sponsor shout-outs : These are posts that thank our sponsors and may include a message from the advertiser .
Sponsored videos : A marketer sponsors a series of videos on a particular theme or over a given time period .
That sponsorship may include interstitial or embedded ads within the video and/or branding of the video player .
Sponsors have no control over the editorial content .
If a sponsor asks Boing Boing Video to produce a `` standalone video ad '' and provides input or direction on the content , we 'll be sure to disclose that .
Contests : A marketer may sponsor a contest on the site .
We hope you win !
Advertorial : Advertisements that are presented in an editorial format will be prominently marked as ads .
Traditional banner ads : We have strict guidelines on the banner advertisements that we accept .
Expanding banners are only delivered to each browser once daily .
Animated ads ca n't be longer than 30 seconds .
Audio must be user-initiated .
And of course , no pop-ups or pop-unders .
Unfortunately , ads that break those rules sometimes do slip through our automated system .

Effective Date : November 16 , 2010 ( To see what has changed , click here . )
Privacy Statement for Box Office Mojo
Box Office Mojo has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our members and Web site visitors .
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site : Box Office Mojo .
We may collect your name , e-mail address , mailing address , phone number or other personal information from you , however , the information that we collect depends on the page you are visiting , the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided .
You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information .
Other pages may prompt you to provide information , such as when you register for access to portions of our site , sign up for an account , participate in polls , provide feedback , participate in discussion forums or request interactive features that are present on our site .
Do not provide false information to access any portion of our site .
With regards to information that you choose to provide on our site , we encourage you to be careful and responsible .
Should you choose to voluntarily disclose any personal information on our site be aware that such information may be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
Such activities are beyond our control and this policy .
We also collect information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to you .
We may log the name of your Internet Service Provider , IP address , or use `` cookie '' technology to assist us with enhancing your experience on our site , including but not limited to troubleshooting our Web site or server ( which may require third party technical support ) , site administration , using cookies to store your user name and password , sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit , or to control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather information through other means .
In certain cases , you can choose not to provide us with information by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies , but be aware that doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password .
Additionally , refusing cookies may prevent us from being able to customize the site 's features according to your preferences .
We use web beacons ( also known as `` action tags '' or `` single-pixel gifs '' ) and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of certain site features and to conduct research and analysis .
We also allow third parties to place web beacons and other technologies on our site to conduct research and analysis , but we do not provide personal information to such third parties .
We expect our partners , advertisers and third party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users .
However , third parties , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
For example , during your visit to our site you may link to , or view as part of a frame on our page , certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party .
Also , through our site you may be introduced to , or be able to access , information , Web sites , advertisements , features , contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties .
We are not responsible for the actions , privacy , security or content of such third parties .
If you are asked to provide information on one of these Web sites , we encourage you carefully to review their privacy policy before sharing your information .
This Web site may utilize certain services provided by DoubleClick , Inc .
( DoubleClick ) .
For further information concerning DoubleClick 's privacy practices , including the ability to opt-out from any data collection , reporting and/or targeting activities associated with its services , please go to :
As you access our site , our advertisers , promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you .
For example , some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to develop target advertising data .
Through features available on our site , third parties may use cookies or other technology to gather information .
Although these activities will appear to be coming from our site , they are actually coming directly from the third parties .
We do not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties .
You may , in the course of using our site , choose to provide us with personal information about yourself including name , e-mail address , mailing address or phone number .
We will not sell or give away your personal information to any third parties .
We do reserve the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Box Office Mojo , LLC or substantially all of its assets .
We may disclose your information in response to a court order , to enforce our Terms of Use , at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law enforcement authorities .
Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases .
We comply with all applicable laws and regulations , including the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , which requires the consent of a parent or guardian for the collection of personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of the law , we will delete that information immediately .
If you believe that we have any information from or about anyone under 13 , please contact us at the address listed below .
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected .
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by California law .
Any claim related to the Site or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Los Angeles , California within one year after the claim arises .
You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action .
Users of our site consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy .
We are controlled , operated and administered entirely within the United States .
If you are located outside the United States , please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States .
You hereby consent to this transfer .
In the event case of any conflict between the terms of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy ( for example , a P3P electronic privacy policy ) , the terms of this written policy shall control .
Contacting the Web Site
Box Office Mojo Terms of Use
Sinusitis Treatment - BST
Consult An ENT Surgeon To Know More
About Balloon Sinuplasty .
With Spa , Gym , Conference Hall And
Luxurious Rooms & Suits .

BTC-e provides an online tool that allows users to freely trade Bitcoins for a number of different currencies worldwide .
The Terms of Use described here apply to all transactions and activities engaged by the users of this website , data gathered , private messeges , online chat between the users and support BTC-e .
BTC-e will always attempt to keep its users informed of any changes to the website .
However , BTC-e may terminate , change , suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website , including the availability of features of the site , at any time .
BTC-e may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to part or the entire website without prior notice or liability .
All contents of the BTC-e website , including , but not limited to , text , names , data , logos , buttons , icons , code , methods , techniques , models , graphics and the underlying software ( the `` Components '' ) , are proprietary of BTC-e and are protected by the patent , copyright , trademark .
Nothing contained in this website shall be used in any form unless expressly stated by BTC-e .
BTC-e will not share , publish , or sell any user data contained in its databases .
However , BTC-e may be requested at any time to share trade data including , but not restricted to , emails , user transactions , and trade data by government authorities .
BTC-e will not deny such requests and can not be held responsible for the leakage of information by third parties whether the action was performed intentionally or not .
We are prohibited from using multiple accounts .
In order to pay for server space , bandwidth , programmers , designers , and other costs , BTC-e imposes a standard : Fee - 0.2 % - 0.5 % .
fee on every transaction performed by all users of the website .
This transaction may vary and may be different for each individual account .
BTC-e does not provide advice for its users on trading techniques , models , algorithms or similar .
Occasionally , BTC-e may publish best practices or recommendations publicly to all its users or privately to users expressly requesting assistance .
Users of this website are responsible for the outcome of their actions with their account balances .
Users are also responsible for protecting access information to the Website including , but not limited to , user names , passwords , and bank account details .
BTC-e is not responsible for the outcome , whether positive or negative , of any action performed by any of its users within or related to the Website .
Some withdraw methods require BTC-e to use personal details of the user including , but not limited to , name , address , email , phone number , and bank account number for which BTC-e has the capability to send and receive encrypted emails .
The usage of encryption is left entirely at the discretion of the user .
BTC-e Terms of Use
By opening an account at BTC-e you agree to the Terms of Use stated in this page .
BTC-e reserves the right , at its discretion , to add , remove , or modify portions of these Terms of Agreement at any time .
Your continued use of BTC-e following the implementation of changes to these Terms of Agreement implies that you accept such changes .
Please note the funds will be on hold untill the identity is verified .
We do n't accept any more international wire transfers from US Citizens or from US Bank
All newly registered users ca n't withdraw money from an account within 3 working days .
Required in case you choose to load your account by wire transfer.To comply with AML/CTF recommendations , we require our clients to verify identity by providing scanned copy of ID and scanned copy of utility bill or a bank statement which should not be older then 6 month .
Copy should be in good resolution and colored .
Laws in the country where the user resides may not allow the usage of an online tool with the characteristics of BTC-e or any of its features .
BTC-e does not encourage the violation of any laws and can not be held responsible for violation of such laws .
For all legal purposes , these Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws applicable in the Cyprus .
You agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Cyprus for the resolution of any disputes arising from these Terms of Use .
At BTC-e , we want to provide the best service while keeping everyone informed of the existing features and limitations .
Please do not hesitate to contact us in case you have any questions at :
Chat rules for users
Obscene words in any type ( swearing , hidden and veiled swearing ) are prohibited in our chat
Abusing other users is prohibited
Pronouncements that incite ethnic hatred , advocating violence in any form , insulting religious feelings of other users are not allowed .
Flooding ( flood is the posting of similar information , same repeating phrase or identical graphic files ) , flaming and spamming are prohibited .
Obscene words ( both in obvious and veiled forms ) in a user 's nick are not allowed .
Distribution of maleficent links , links to third party online projects and advertising links is prohibited .
Abusing statements addressed to the administration , moderators , hard-hitting pronouncements about the chat are prohibited .
Discussing moderators ' actions is inadmissible .
If you believe you have been treated unfairly , write to the administrator , he will take care of that .
Users must not beg for the moderator status or any other status from the administration .
Writing only capitals is prohibited .
If you respond to abuses by abusing , you are treated as the one violating the rules , and a relevant punishment will be applied to you .
Chat rules for moderators
Moderator , being a representative of the administrator , must strictly obey all user rules and be a reference for everyone .
Before applying a punishment , the moderator must warn the user that he/she has violated the rules ( this does not refer to the situations with obvious abuse of a user/users and flood ) .
In case of a repeated violation of the chat rules the user will not be warned .
Banning for longer than 60 days is admitted only in case of repeated major chat rules violations by a user .
For violation of the chat rules upon the decision of the administration a moderator can be deprived of his/her authority without the right to recover .
Have questions ? Contact us :

From Bulbapedia , the community-driven Pokmon encyclopedia .
Bulbagarden.net recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of Bulbagarden.net .
We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy .
Contents [ hide ]
2 Information collected by Bulbagarden.net
3 Use of information
3.2 Cookies & Advertising
Bulbagarden.net uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user .
Bulbagarden.net is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers .
Information collected by Bulbagarden.net
Bulbagarden.net collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests .
When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses .
These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users .
Bulbagarden.net does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission .
By entering Bulbagarden.net contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the Bulbagarden.net site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes .
Users ' contact information may also be used by Bulbagarden.net to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address .
Bulbagarden.net may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns .
Bulbagarden.net may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information .
Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters .
You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help file .
Bulbagarden.net uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .

For details regarding CA.gov Privacy Policy , please see our Conditions of Use .
The text below reflects general requirements for State departments .
Pursuant to Government Code Section 11019.9 , all departments and agencies of the State of California shall enact and maintain a permanent privacy policy , in adherence with the Information Practices Act of 1977 ( Civil Code Section 1798 et seq . ) , that includes , but not necessarily limited to , the following principles :
( a ) Personally identifiable information may only be obtained through lawful means .
( b ) The purposes for which personally identifiable data are collected shall be specified at or prior to the time of collection , and any subsequent use of the data shall be limited to and consistent with the fulfillment of those purposes previously specified .
( c ) Personal data may not be disclosed , made available , or otherwise used for a purpose other than those specified , except with the consent of the subject of the data , or as required by law or regulation .
( d ) Personal data collected shall be relevant to the purpose for which it is needed .
( e ) The general means by which personal data is protected against loss , unauthorized access , use , modification , or disclosure shall be posted , unless the disclosure of those general means would compromise legitimate agency objectives or law enforcement purposes .
Each department shall implement this privacy policy by :
Designating which position within the department or agency is responsible for the implementation of and adherence to this privacy policy ;
Prominently posting the policy physically in its offices and on its Internet website , if any ;
Distributing the policy to each of its employees and contractors who have access to personal data ;
Complying with the Information Practices Act ( Civil Code Section 1798 et seq . ) , the Public Records Act ( Government Code Section 6250 et seq . ) , Government Code Section 11015.5 , and all other laws pertaining to information privacy , and
Using appropriate means to successfully implement and adhere to this privacy policy .

Some of the information and services found on this website have been provided by Government of Canada departments and agencies .
Human Resources and Skills Development Canada ( HRSDC ) is not responsible for the accuracy , reliability or currency of the information or services provided by other departments and agencies of the Government of Canada .
Users wishing to rely on this information or these services should consult directly with the appropriate source .
The Government of Canada is committed to protect the privacy of its visitors on its websites .
This Privacy Notice summarizes the privacy policy and practices on Government of Canada websites .
Your Privacy and the Internet
Specific personal information , such as your name , phone number or email address , is not automatically gathered .
HRSDC would only obtain this type of information if you supply it by email or by registering in a secure portion of the site for a program or service ( e.g . personal information provided voluntarily when you complete an online form or request for service ) .
The nature of the Internet is such that Web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website , including the visitor 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
IP addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers ( ISP ) to all devices used to access the Internet .
Web servers automatically log the IP addresses of visitors to their sites .
The IP address , on its own , does not identify an individual .
However , in certain circumstances , such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example , it could be used to identify an individual using the site .
For this reason , the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information , particularly when combined with other data automatically collected when a visitor requests a Web page such as the page or pages visited , date and time of the visit .
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada , such as social media platforms , search or mobile applications , IP addresses may be recorded by the third-party service provider .
All personal information created , held or collected by the Government of Canada is protected under the federal Privacy Act .
At any point of collection , you will be asked for consent to collect your information or you will be advised of the authority for such collection .
You will also be informed of the purpose for which the personal information is being collected , and how to exercise your right of access to , and correction of , that information .
In such cases , how your personal information is handled is described in a Personal Information Collection Statement .
Visitors ' personal information is not usually disclosed to anyone except Government of Canada personnel who need the information to carry out their responsibilities .
Any further disclosure of the personal information you provide would be in accordance with the federal Privacy Act and Part 4 of the Department of Human Resources and Skills Development Act ( DHRSDA ) if applicable once you have selected a program or service offered by another Government of Canada department or agency , you are subject to the terms of that institution 's privacy notice .
Communicating with Government of Canada
If you choose to send Canada.ca an email or complete a feedback form online , your personal information may be used in order to respond to your inquiry .
HRSDC does not use the information to create individual profiles .
Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act and Part 4 of the DHRSDA if applicable .
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with the Government of Canada are not secure unless it is specifically stated on a Web page .
Therefore , it is recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information , such as your Social Insurance Number or your date of birth , through non-secure electronic means .
Personal information from emails or completed feedback forms is collected pursuant to section 5 of the Department of Human Resources and Skills Development Act and section 4 of the Privacy Act .
Such information may be used for statistical , evaluation and reporting purposes and is included in Personal Information Bank Public Communications ( PSU 914 ) .
The Government of Canada 's use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Web .
Social media account ( s ) are public and are not hosted on Government of Canada servers .
Users who choose to interact with the Government of Canada via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications used to access them .
Improving your Experience on Government of Canada Websites
Digital Markers ( including cookies )
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors ' browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website .
Examples of digital markers are `` cookies '' or HTML5 web storage .
Some examples of what digital markers do are as follows :
they allow a website to recognize a visitor who has previously accessed the site ;
they track what content is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for .
Canada.ca uses sessional digital markers on its website .
During your on-line visit , your browser exchanges data with Canada.ca 's Web server .
The digital markers used do not allow Canada.ca to identify individuals and do not contain personal information .
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers , including cookies , if you so choose .
However , it may affect your ability to interact with the Canada.ca website .
Web analytics is the collection , analysis , measurement , and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage .
Information in digital markers may be used in conjunction with computer request data to identify and track your online interactions with the Canada.ca website .
Canada.ca uses Google Analytics and log file analysisto improve Canada.ca .
When your computer requests a Canada.ca Web page , the following types of information are collected and used for Web analytics :
the originating IP address
the date and time of the request
the type of browser used
the page ( s ) visited
If you wish , you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies ; by disabling JavaScript within your browser ; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On .
Disabling Google Analytics or JavaScript will still permit you to access comparable information or services from our websites .
However , if you disable your session cookie option , you will still be able to access our public website , but you might have difficulties accessing any secure services .
Canada.ca uses log file analysis internally and retains information collected for Web analytics for a maximum period of 18 months .
After this period , the information must be disposed of in accordance with the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics or as authorized by the Librarian and Archivist of Canada .
The information is not disclosed to an external third party service provider .
Data collected for Web analytics purposes goes outside of Canada to Google servers and may be processed in any country where Google operates servers .
Data may be subject to the governing legislation of that country , [ for example the USA Patriot Act ] .
For further information about Google Analytics , please refer to the Google Analytics terms of service .
Information used for the purpose of Web analytics is collected pursuant to section 5 of the Department of Human Resources and Skills Development Act and section 4 of the Privacy Act .
Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes , audit , and evaluation , research , planning and reporting .
For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to web analytics , see the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics .
Protecting the Security of Government of Canada Websites
Software programs are used to monitor network traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
When you visit Canada.ca , these software programs automatically receive and temporarily store information supplied by your browser ( for example , Internet explorer , Mozilla Firefox ) in our Web server logs .
Some of the information automatically collected by our server when you browse our website includes :
the network location and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you used to contact our website ;
the name of the domain you used to access the Internet ( .com , .org , .net , .ca , etc . ) ;
the type of browser you used ;
the type of operating system you used ( Windows , Mac OS , etc . )
the date and time you accessed the site ;
the pages you have accessed and the documents you have downloaded ; and
the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site , if applicable .
In most circumstances , this is anonymous statistical data and no attempt is made to link this data , nor the IP addresses of the computers that have contacted our website , with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected .
The programs are never used to gather specific personal information such as your name , your phone number or your e-mail address .
When a threat to the Canada.ca site or computer systems of the Government of Canada is detected , information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act .
The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected .
Such information may be used for network security related statistical purposes , audit , evaluation , research , planning and reporting and is included in Personal Information Bank [ PIB Number ( PIB Title ) e.g . Security Incidents ( PSU 939 ) ] .
Inquiring about these Practices
Any questions , comments , concerns or complaints you may have regarding the administration of the Privacy Act , the Department of Human Resources and Skills Development Act and privacy policies regarding Canada.ca 's website may be directed to HRSDC 's Access to Information and Privacy Coordinator .
If you are not satisfied with HRSDC 's response to your privacy concern , you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by telephone at 1-800-282-1376 .
Date modified : 2013-12-20

Privacy & Data Management Statements
SDSU Career Services is committed to maintaining good privacy practices regarding electronic personal information for all our users .
All data collected for our job listing/resume database and on-campus recruiting services are stored on NACElink secure servers .
Information collected is used to provide and tailor services to our users .
It is also used to construct aggregate reports that assist us in program planning .
The system for providing the job listing/resume database and the on-campus recruiting service uses cookies and may collect system information such as IP address and browser version .
This system is provided by SDSU Career Services in partnership with two non-profit associations the National Association of Colleges and Employers ( NACE ) and DirectEmployers Association , Inc .
All privacy policies for our partners have been reviewed by Career Services and are accessible through the links at the bottom of each page of our website .
NACElink does not review job postings .
Neither NACE , Symplicity ( the software provider ) , nor DirectEmployers ( for the NACElink Alumni Network ) review job postings on individual school web sites or nacelink.com .
Site users are urged to validate job postings and use caution and common sense when applying .
Do not disclose Social Security numbers , credit card information , or bank account numbers with unknown employers .
Collection and access to student information is governed by campus and federal policy under the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( SDSU FERPA statement ) , as well as the SDSU Acceptable Use Policy and Computing Security Policy .
All of our users ' information is considered confidential and its use is restricted to SDSU Career Services staff , on an as-needed basis .
If you have any questions , concerns , or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues relating to Aztec Career Connection , please contact us .
Modifying Personal Information on Aztec Career Connection
Students/Alumni You may change or correct your personal information at any time .
Simply login to your account , go to Profile , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted .
Employers You may change or correct your organization and/or contact information at any time .
Simply login to your account , click on Account ( for organization information ) or Profile ( for personal information ) , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted .

CBS Interactive Privacy Policy
Effective Date : November 15 , 2013
Note : The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated .
Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy .
Click here for more information about the updates
CBS Interactive Inc .
( `` CBS Interactive '' ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively `` CBS Interactive Web Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive .
We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles .
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site .
Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit .
Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :
Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;
User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;
Age and date of birth ;
Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;
Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;
Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;
In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;
Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;
Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;
Correspondence you send to us ; and
Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) .
Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites .
CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :
Your browser type and operating system ;
Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;
Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;
Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;
Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;
Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;
Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and
Standard server log information .
Information we obtain from other sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :
Name , postal address , and telephone number ;
Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;
If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services
Your interests and purchase behavior ;
Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and
Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites .
We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law .
We generally use other information we collect about you to :
Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;
Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;
Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;
Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you .
With your consent .
With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners .
For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services .
Authorized third-party service providers .
We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing .
These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose .
Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions .
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis .
Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list .
Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law .
All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion .
Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature .
You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently .
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner .
In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner .
Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information .
CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses .
The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements .
Protect our Web Sites and users .
We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use .
Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising .
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings .
This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you .
You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements .
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising .
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) .
You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve .
To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page .
If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site .
You also may update or amend your information by contacting us .
If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations .
For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you .
We are committed to protecting your information .
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
Transfer of Data Internationally
CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries .
Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law .
The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international
transfer , storage , and processing of your information .
Visitors from Outside the United States
For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom .
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us .
For all requests , you must put the statement `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
Privacy Protections for Children
Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 .
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 .
In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws .
To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy .
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions .
Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions .
This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service .
When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site .
Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the `` Effective Date '' and such changes will be effective upon posting .
If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites .
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time .
You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :
CBS Interactive Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94105
Attn : Legal Department
For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office .
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern .

This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information .
We collect , use , and share personal information to help the classified.bdnews24.com website work and to keep it safe ( details below ) .
In formal terms , bdnews24.com , acting itself and through its subsidiaries , is the `` data controller '' of your personal information .
Information posted on bdnews24.com is obviously publicly available .
Our servers are located in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers .
We collect and store the following personal information :
email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ;
computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from bdnews24.com and Ad data ( all through cookies you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;
other information , including users IP address and standard web log information .
We may use users ' personal information to :
provide our service ( s ) ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ;
customize users ' experience , measure interest in our services , and inform users about services and updates ;
marketing and promotional purposes ;
All information contained by bdnews24.com is treated as strictly confidential and bdnews24.com does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization .
The users ' privacy is very important to us .
We do not and shall not at any point in time , either sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties without users ' explicit consent .
We may be required from time to time to disclose users ' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators , but we will only do so under proper jurisdiction .
bdnews24.com also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period bdnews24.com retains such information .
We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protects anyone 's rights , property or safety .
We may share personal information with :
- Corporate affiliates who help to detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services ( Our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to ) .
- Service providers who help with our business operations .
Using Information from bdnews24.com
You may use personal information gathered from classified.bdnews24.com only to follow up with another user about a specific posting , not to send spam / phising or collect personal information from someone who has n't agreed to that .
The bdnews24.com site and Content available through the Service may contain features and functionalities that may link you or provide you with access to third party content which is completely independent of bdnews24.com , including web sites , directories , servers , networks , systems , information and databases , applications , software , programs , products or services , and the Internet as a whole .
Access , Modification , and Deletion
Access to the Service
bdnews24.com grants you a limited , revocable , nonexclusive license to access the Service for your own personal use .
This license does not include : ( a ) access to the Service by Posting Agents ; or ( b ) any collection , aggregation , copying , duplication , display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining , robots , spiders , or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by bdnews24.com .
A limited exception to ( b ) is provided to general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service , provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with file system .
You can see , modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page .
There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law .
We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier .
We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back .
We use a number of mechanisms ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure .
So while we strive to protect such information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once any personal information comes into our possession , we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access , modification or disclosure .
Users who use any of the features on classifieds.bdnews24.com agree and accept that they have been fully informed by bdnews24.com that the use of features may lead to publication , to all users of classified.bdnews24.com , of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on classified.bdnews24.com .
Users further agree that the authenticity of , and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person , are the sole responsibility of the user .
Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features , existing and new .
However , the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves .
We may update , upgrade , modify ( partially & /or fully ) this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days , whichever is sooner .
If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , we may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply .

Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) Website Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
We 're telling you about the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) website privacy policy so you know what information we collect , why we collect it , and what we do with it .
This policy covers the following websites :
CMS websites do n't collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our site .
We do this so we can understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
CMS websites never collect information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to our mission and goals .
Types of information we collect
When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following types of information about your visit :
Domain from which you access the Internet
IP address ( an IP or internet protocol address is a number that is automatically given to a computer connected to the Web )
Operating system on your computer and information about the browser you used when visiting the site
Date and time of your visit
Address of the website that connected you to a CMS website ( such as google.com or bing.com )
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
How CMS websites use information they collect
CMS websites use a variety of Web measurement software tools .
We use them to collect the information listed in the Types of information collected section above .
The tools collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected by these tools .
CMS website staff analyze and report on the collected data from these tools .
The reports are available only to CMS website managers , members of the CMS websites communications and web teams , and other designated staff who need this information to perform their duties .
CMS websites may also use an online survey to collect opinions and feedback .
This online survey appears on the bottom left of many pages on the site .
You do n't have to answer these questions .
Please do not to include any personally identifiable information ( PII ) in comments you make .
We analyze and use this information to improve the site 's operation and content .
The reports are available only to CMS website managers , members of the communications and Web teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
CMS websites keep the data from our measurement tools as long as needed to support the mission of the website .
How CMS websites use cookies
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies , allows federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from CMS websites collect only information about your browser 's visit to the site .
They do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies : single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to allow better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1 : Single Session .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to understand the differences between new and returning CMS website visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to our site until they expire .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
How to opt out or disable cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources on CMS websites .
Please note that by opting out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just from CMS websites .
How we protect your personal information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit CMS websites .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information through an email message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , survey , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If in order to contact you we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , we will safeguard the information you provide in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
If any CMS website operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following five criteria :
The CMS website 's legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of CMS websites
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
Data safeguards and privacy
All uses of Web-based technologies comply with existing privacy and data safeguarding policies and standards .
CMS conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
For these records , CMS Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the CMS Senior Official for Privacy Website .
When you visit CMS websites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages .
When Web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :
Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology
Usage tier , session type , and technology used
Nature of the information collected
Purpose and use of the information
Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed
Privacy safeguards applied to the information
Data retention policy for the information
Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why
How to opt out of the web measurement/customization technology
Statement that opting out still permits users to access comparable information or services
Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process
How long we keep data and how we access it
CMS websites keep data collected long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected .
How CMS websites use third-party websites and applications
As a response to OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive , CMS websites use a variety of technologies and social media services to communicate and interact with citizens .
These third-party website and application ( TPWA ) tools include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities , and more .
Examples include Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
TPWAs are not exclusively operated or controlled by CMS websites .
Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third party operating the website .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to CMS websites and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly asked for or collected by us .
CMS websites sometime collect and use your PII if you made it available through third-party websites .
However , we do not share PII made available through third-party websites .
Your activity on the third-party websites we use is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites .
You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
If you have an account with a third-party website and choose to like , friend , follow , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to CMS websites based on the privacy policy of the third-party website and your privacy settings within that website .
You should adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences .
Links to other sites
CMS websites link to other HHS sites , other government sites , and occasionally to private organizations .
Once you leave a CMS website , you are subject to the privacy policy for the sites you are visiting .

This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing and protection of your personal information .
It applies to the PayPal.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools regardless of how you access or use them .
More detailed information about our privacy practices and our contact information for any questions is available at the eBay Privacy Center .
You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for , access , or use our products , services , content , features , technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites , applications , and services ( collectively `` PayPal Services '' ) .
We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website .
The revised version will be effective at the time we post it .
In addition , if the revised version includes a substantial change , we will provide you with 30 days ' prior notice by posting notice of the change on the `` Policy Updates '' page of our website .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
The PayPal website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program .
If this policy or our customer support team can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
Jump to section :
How we collect information about you
How we use cookies
How we protect and store personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
How we share personal information with other PayPal users
How we share personal information with other parties
How you can restrict PayPal from sharing your personal information
How you can access or change your personal information
How you can contact us about privacy questions
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy , eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules ( also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules ) , approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides .
Depending upon where you live , the Binding Corporate Rules may provide additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or government .
For more information about our Binding Corporate Rules , including information on how to contact us with any questions , visit our eBay Privacy Center .
How we collect information about you
When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services , we collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile phone or other access device .
The information sent to us includes data on the pages you access , your computer IP address , device identifiers , the type of operating system you 're using , your location , mobile network information , standard web log data and other information .
Web log data includes the browser type you 're using and traffic to and from our site .
When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services , we also collect information about your transactions and your activities .
In addition , if you open a PayPal account or use PayPal Services , we may collect the following types of information :
Contact information , such as your name , address , phone , email and other similar information .
Financial information , such as the full bank account numbers and/or credit card numbers that you link to your PayPal account or give us when you use PayPal Services .
Detailed personal information such as your date of birth or social security number .
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites ( e.g. , Facebook and Twitter ) .
The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your PayPal account and authorizing PayPal to have access to this information , you agree that PayPal may collect , store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
In order to help protect you from fraud and misuse of your personal information , we may collect information about your use and interaction with our website or PayPal Services .
For example , we may evaluate your computer , mobile phone or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity .
We may also collect additional information from or about you in other ways , such as through contact with our customer support team , results when you respond to a survey and from interactions with members of the eBay Inc. corporate family or other companies .
How we use Cookies
When you access our website or use PayPal Services , we ( including companies we work with ) may place small data files on your computer or other device .
These data files may be cookies , pixel tags , `` Flash cookies '' or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ( `` Cookies '' ) .
We use these technologies to : recognize you as a customer ; customize PayPal Services , content , and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness ; help ensure that your account security is not compromised ; mitigate risk and prevent fraud ; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and PayPal Services .
We use both session and persistent Cookies .
Session Cookies expire and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or close your browser .
Persistent Cookies remain on your device until you erase them or they expire .
We encode our Cookies so that we can interpret the information stored in them .
You are free to decline our Cookies if your browser or browser add-on permits , but doing so may interfere with your use of our website and PayPal Services .
Refer to the help section of your browser , browser extensions , or installed applications for instructions on blocking , deleting , or disabling Cookies .
You may encounter PayPal Cookies on websites that we do not control .
For example , if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party , there may be a Cookie placed by the web page or application .
Likewise , these third parties may place their own Cookies that are not subject to our control and the PayPal Privacy Policy does not cover their use .
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy , we use the term `` personal information '' to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user .
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
We protect your information using physical , technical , and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls .
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
We may use your personal information to :
provide PayPal Services and customer support ;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customize , measure , and improve PayPal Services and the content , layout , and operation of our websites and applications ;
deliver targeted marketing , service update notices , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences ;
contact you at any telephone number , by placing a voice call or through text ( SMS ) or email messaging , as authorized by our User Agreement .
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize PayPal Services , content , and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs , simply indicate your preference by logging into your account and going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences , or by following the directions that may be provided within the communication or advertisement .
We respect your communication preferences .
If you no longer wish to receive notifications via our application , you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the application .
We may call or text message ( SMS ) you at a mobile phone number that you have provided to us .
You can indicate your contact preferences by logging into your account and adjusting your preferences in your Account Information Settings or by following the directions provided within the communication .
How we share personal information with other PayPal users
To process your payments , we may share some of your personal information with the person or company that you are paying or that is paying you .
Your contact information , date of sign-up , the number of payments you have received from verified PayPal users , and whether you have verified control of a bank account are provided to other PayPal users with whom who you transact through PayPal .
In addition , this and other information may also be shared with third parties when you use these third parties to access PayPal Services .
Unless you have agreed to it , these third parties are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than to enable PayPal Services .
If someone is sending you money and enters your email address , we will provide them your registered name so they can verify they are sending the money to the correct account .
If you are buying goods or services and pay through PayPal , we may also provide the seller with your shipping and billing address to help complete your transaction .
The seller is not allowed to use this information to market their services to you unless you have agreed to it .
If an attempt to pay your seller fails , or is later invalidated , we may also provide your seller with details of the unsuccessful payment .
To facilitate dispute resolution , we may provide a buyer with the seller 's address so that goods can be returned to the seller .
We work with third parties , including merchants , to enable them to accept or send payments from or to you using PayPal .
In doing so , a third party may share information about you with us , such as your email address or mobile phone number , to inform you that a payment has been sent to you or when you attempt to pay a merchant or third party .
We use this information to confirm that you are a PayPal customer and that PayPal as a form of payment can be enabled , or to send you notification of payment status .
Also , if you request that we validate your status as a PayPal customer with a third party , we will do so .
Please note that merchants , sellers , and users you buy from or contract with have their own privacy policies , and although PayPal 's user agreement does not allow the other transacting party to use this information for anything other than providing PayPal Services , PayPal is not responsible for their actions , including their information protection practices .
Regardless , we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you using PayPal , or with the third parties that offer or use PayPal Services , except with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with credit card rules , a subpoena , or other legal process .
How we share personal information with other parties
We may share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family -- like eBay , StubHub or Bill Me Later , Inc. -- to provide joint content , products and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations such as fraud prevention , bill collection , marketing and technology services .
Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit .
Financial institutions that we partner with to jointly create and offer a product such as the PayPal Extras credit card where we share information with GE Capital to determine whether you should receive pre-approved offers for the PayPal Extras credit card .
These financial institutions may only use this information to market PayPal-related products , unless you have given consent for other uses .
Credit bureaus and collection agencies to report account information , as permitted by law .
Banking partners as required by credit card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants ( in the event that you meet their criteria which includes having PayPal close your PayPal Account due to your breach of the PayPal User Agreement ) .
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice . )
Law enforcement , government officials , or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other legal process or requirement applicable to PayPal or one of its affiliates ; when we need to do so to comply with law or credit card rules ; or when we believe , in our sole discretion , that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss , to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User Agreement .
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so .
PayPal will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy .
If you open a PayPal account directly on a third party website or via a third party application , any information that you enter on that website or application ( and not directly on a PayPal website ) will be shared with the owner of the third party website or application .
These sites are governed by their own privacy policies and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies before providing them with personal information .
PayPal is not responsible for the content or information practices of such third parties .
PayPal Access is a tool we 've developed to improve your Internet experience .
PayPal Access allows you to streamline and simplify the account creation and login process when using third-party websites , and it allows these websites to enhance your experience on their sites .
Instead of creating multiple usernames and passwords for each website you visit , PayPal Access allows you to sign in to a participating website using your existing PayPal login information .
When you use PayPal Access , you agree that PayPal can share the information listed on the PayPal Access consent screen or in your PayPal Access account settings with the participating website .
Information you allow PayPal to share with these third-party websites is subject to each third-party 's terms of service and privacy agreement , so you are encouraged to review their policies .
How you can restrict PayPal from sharing your personal information
PayPal maintains your preferences for use and sharing of information , including how we contact you .
Some federal and state laws allow you to restrict the sharing of your personal information in certain instances .
PayPal does not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes unless you have given your explicit consent .
PayPal 's related family of companies , which are owned by eBay Inc. , will only use your personal information for marketing purposes if you have requested services from those companies .
If you do not want PayPal to share your personal information with eBay companies for the purpose of marketing their products within our corporate family , simply indicate your preference by logging into your account , going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences .
How you can access or change your personal information
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings and profile .
You can also close your account through the PayPal website .
If you close your PayPal account , we will mark your account in our database as `` Closed , '' but may retain personal information from your account to collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , prevent fraud , enforce our User Agreement , or take other actions as required or permitted by law .
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should contact us by using this form or writing to us at PayPal , Attn : Privacy Department , P.O .
Box 45950 , Omaha , NE 68145-0950 .
PayPal maintains offices at 2211 N .
First Street , San Jose , CA .
PayPal has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
Please note that TRUSTe is a privacy solutions provider , and will not be able to assist with other types of issues with your account , such as balances or order fulfillment .

The information available on this site is not intended to be comprehensive , and many details which may be relevant to particular circumstances have been omitted .
Accordingly it should not be regarded as being a complete source of company law and information , and readers are advised to seek independent professional advice before acting on anything contained herein .
Companies House can not take any responsibility for the consequences of errors or omissions .
Notes for Users of Company Search or Disqualified Directors Search
The information available here is an extract from the Register of Companies / Register of Disqualified Directors which are updated on a regular basis .
This may mean that occasional inaccuracies occur which we correct as soon as they are drawn to our attention .
If you spot something which you think might be wrong , let us know so we can , if necessary , correct the database .
Company Information Supplied by Companies House
Companies House is a registry of company information .
We carry out basic checks to make sure that documents have been fully completed and signed , but we do not have the statutory power or capability to verify the accuracy of the information that companies send to us .
We accept all information that companies deliver to us in good faith and place it on the public record .
The fact that the information has been placed on the public record should not be taken to indicate that Companies House has verified or validated it in any way .
When Companies House examines accounts it only makes basic checks on them , for example to ensure that the appropriate documents are there , that they are for the correct financial year and that they have been signed .
If , subsequently , we receive a complaint that the accounts do not comply with the Companies Acts in some way we have a duty to draw this to the company 's attention and , if appropriate , to ask for a set of revised accounts which do comply with the requirements .
Links to external websites
It is our policy to obtain permission to link to other websites .
We are not responsible for the content or reliability of the linked websites .
Listing should not be taken as endorsement of any kind .
We can not guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages .
When we provide services , we want to make them easy , useful and reliable .
Where services are delivered on the internet , this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device , for example , a computer or mobile phone .
These include small files known as cookies .
They can not be used to identify you personally .
First-party cookies ( cookies set by us )
Third-party cookies ( cookies set by other sites through our pages )
How to control and delete cookies
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that websites save to your computer .
The cookies used by government websites do n't contain any of your personal information , and we ca n't use them to find out who you are .
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through , for example :
remembering settings , so you do n't have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
remembering information you 've given ( e.g . your postcode ) so you do n't need to keep entering it
measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
How we use cookies
The list below shows all of the cookies that are set by this website and the third-party services we use .
If you have any queries about these cookies or would like more information about them , please get in touch .
First-party cookies ( cookies set by us )
These are cookies set by this website .
Some are necessary to the functionality of the site , others provide information to us that we analyse to monitor and improve the site .
These first-party cookies do not store or collect any personal information or anything that makes you personally identifiable to us .
Typically , the cookies generate a random , unique number to store information about a user .
First-party cookies ( cookies set by us )
Name of cookie Type of cookie Expiry period Reason for use of cookie Description
chcookie Persistent cookie 2 months Analytics Used to improve our understanding of how people use our website and services , through web analytics
_pk_id.1.fc5d Persistent cookie 2 years Analytics Used to improve our understanding of how people use our website and services , through web analytics
_pk_ses.1.fc5d Session cookie Analytics Used to improve our understanding of how people use our website and services , through web analytics
ch_session Session cookie At end of session Strictly necessary Used to manage the items stored in your shopping basket or your progress through filing transactions
PIWIK_SESSID Session cookie Analytics Used to improve our understanding of how people use our website and services , through web analytics
transaction Persistent cookie 1 day Your visit WebFiling uses a cookie which remembers which service within WebFiling was being carried out in the event of a session timeout
chwebcheck Persistent cookie 1 year Your visit WebCHeck uses a cookie which remembers the user for subsequent visits .
The user is given the choice to explicitly allow this during login
ch_survey Persistent cookie 1 year Your visit Companies House website occasionally runs surveys which use a cookie which remembers if the user has a ) chosen to not take part in the survey , or b ) has already taken part in the survey .
survey_ch Persistent cookie 28 days Your visit Companies House website occasionally runs surveys which use a cookie which remembers if the user has a ) chosen to not take part in the survey , or b ) has already taken part in the survey .
chwebsite_survey Persistent cookie 7 days Your visit Companies House website occasionally runs surveys which use a cookie which remembers if the user has a ) chosen to not take part in the survey , or b ) has already taken part in the survey .
Third-party cookies ( cookies set by other websites through this site )
We want to provide interesting and engaging content on our website .
On a number of pages we use 'plug ins ' or embedded media .
For example , we embed YouTube videos and Google Maps in many pages .
The suppliers of these services may also set cookies on your device when you visit the pages where we have used this type of content .
These are known as 'third-party ' cookies .
Third-party cookies ( cookies set by other websites through this site )
Name of cookie Type of cookie Expiry period Reason for use of cookie Description
NID Persistent cookie 6 months Media This cookie is set by Google Maps when you visit any of our pages which includes an embedded Google Map
PREF Persistent cookie 2 years Media This cookie is set by Google Maps when you visit any of our pages which includes an embedded Google Map
testcookie Session cookie Media This cookie is set by Google Maps when you visit any of our pages which includes an embedded Google Map
khcookie Session cookie Media This cookie is set by Google Maps when you visit any of our pages which includes an embedded Google Map
SNID Persistent cookie 6 months Media This cookie is set by Google Maps when you visit any of our pages which includes an embedded Google Map
original_referer Session cookie Your visit This cookie is set by Twitter when you load any of our pages that include a list of `` Latest Tweets ''
_twitter_sess Session cookie Social networking This cookie is set by Twitter when you load any of our pages that include a list of `` Latest Tweets ''
guest_id Persistent cookie 2 years Social networking This cookie is set by Twitter when you load any of our pages that include a list of `` Latest Tweets ''
k Persistent cookie 1 week Social networking This cookie is set by Twitter when you load any of our pages that include a list of `` Latest Tweets ''
pid Persistent cookie 2 years Performance / Networking This cookie is set by Twitter when you load any of our pages that include a list of `` Latest Tweets ''
PREF Persistent cookie 10 years Media This cookie is set by YouTube when you load a video embedded on one of our pages
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Persistent cookie 240 days Media This cookie is set by YouTube when you load a video embedded on one of our pages
use_hitbox Session cookie Media This cookie is set by YouTube when you load a video embedded on one of our pages
Shopping cart / transactional areas
There are some areas of our site that make use of shopping carts or forms technology which at times have to make use of cookies - the ones used on a permanent basis are detailed in the cookies table .
From time to time we may add functionality to our site e.g . surveys , comparisons etc. , and these often come from 3rd parties we will endeavour to ensure full disclosure of any cookies .
Areas of the site requiring a login
Accepting the use of login functionality , without exception , you must explicitly agree to the setting of specific cookies , which allow this area to function .
The cookies in use for secure areas are provided within the terms and conditions of use for the appropriate area .
How to control and delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you .
However , if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites , or indeed any other website , you can do this through your browser settings .
The Help ' function within your browser should tell you how .
Alternatively , you may wish to visit the About Cookies website , which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers .
You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies .
Cookies : Frequently Asked Questions
How to control cookies
How to delete cookies
Please be aware that restricting cookies may have an impact upon the functionality of our website .
If you wish to view your cookie code , just click on a cookie to open it .
You 'll see a short string of text and numbers .
The numbers are your identification card , which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie .
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual .
To opt-out of third-parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on our website , please refer to their websites for further information .
Local Shared Objects ( Flash cookies )
Some of our pages include videos embedded from YouTube , which uses the Adobe Flash Player .
To improve user experience , Local Shared Objects - or Flash cookies as they are commonly known - are employed to provide features such as auto-resume and for saving your preferences .
Flash cookies are stored on a user 's terminal much the same as cookies are , however it is not possible to manage them at browser level in the same way .
How to delete or disable Flash cookies
information collected behalf of HMRC
Companies House through the Joint Registration Service will act as agents for HMRC and provide an optional service whereby when a person registers a new company , a facility will be offered so that person can also register the company for Corporation Tax .
Once incorporation at Companies House has been accepted the Corporation Tax information will be sent to HMRC and will not be retained by Companies House .
The Companies House Executive Agency website does not store or capture personal information , but merely logs the user 's IP address ( Internet Protocol : standard allowing data to be transmitted between two devices ) which is automatically recognised by the web server .
If you register to receive updates , or order or purchase materials , your information will be held on a secure server and the data will not be shared with any organisations outside Government .
It will be used only to provide you with any electronic products you have ordered , email updates on the topics you have requested , or postal information if you request that service .
If you respond online to a consultation exercise your data will only be used to facilitate the analysis of responses .
This privacy statement does not cover other websites linked to from this domain .
Companies House Executive Agency may use information it holds to prevent and detect fraud .
We may also share such information , for the same purpose , with other organisations that handle public funds .
If you have any queries please contact the Companies House Contact Centre on +44 ( 0 ) 303 1234 500 or email
Acceptable use of companies House Researchable Databases
The Companies House searchable databases are designed to meet the needs of a wide range of users wishing to interrogate our information on-line .
Due to limitations of equipment and bandwidth , they are not intended to be a source for bulk downloads .
Individuals , companies , IP addresses or blocks of IP addresses who deny or degrade service to other users by generating unusually high numbers of daily database accesses , whether generated manually or in an automated fashion , may be denied access to these services without notice .
Companies House Mobile Application
Responsibility for network data charges
Responsibility for network data charges
Companies House are not responsible for any costs incurred with your mobile operator and/or your ISP by downloading , installing and using the Application , including downloading any information that populates the Application .
Companies House collects data about your use of the Application .
The data is sent anonymously to Companies House where it is used to help improve the Application .
The data allows us to gain insight into which features are used the most often , how frequently users launch the application and which versions are used .
We generate a unique identifier ( UID ) that is used to uniquely identify your device .
The UID is based on the device 's network MAC address and each time the same device is used , the same UID is generated .
This allows Companies House to count the number of unique devices that use the Application , or a specific function in the App , in a given period .
It does not allow Companies House to identify the user of the device , but does allow Companies House to tell devices apart .
The UID is NOT stored on the device , but it is generated each time the App is launched .
If you do not want usage information to be recorded , then you may prevent the collection of data by turning off the analytics .
The Application for Apple uses the following third-party components :
MIT License Copyright ( c ) 2011 Matej Bukovinski
MIT License Copyright ( c ) 2012 Webbo , L.L.C .
All rights reserved .
SSTextView ( part of SSToolkit )
MIT License Copyright ( c ) 2008-2012 Sam Soffes
jQuery JavaScript Library v1.5.1 & Sizzle.js
MIT License Copyright 2011 , John Resig & Copyright 2011 , The Dojo Foundation
jQuery Flot Plugin v. 0.7 & Multiple Plugin/Patch
MIT license Copyright IOLA , December 2007
MIT license Copyright Tim Wood
The Application for Android uses the following third-party components :
jQuery Flot Plugin v. 0.7 & Multiple Plugin/Patch
MIT license Copyright IOLA , December 2007
MIT license Copyright Tim Wood
MIT License Copyright ( c ) 2008-2012 Sam Soffes

FindLaw 's Privacy Policy
FindLaw Statement of Online Privacy Practices
Your privacy is important to FindLaw , a Thomson Reuters business , and we go to great lengths to protect it .
This Privacy Statement applies to the online collection of personal information via websites and mobile applications operated by FindLaw and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries .
This Statement does not apply to information collected in any other way , including offline .
This website may contain links to sites maintained by others .
This Privacy Statement does not reflect the privacy practices of those sites .
What personal information is collected and how is that information used
We collect information about our users in three ways : directly from the user ( for example , when ordering a product , registering an account , or signing up for a newsletter ) , from our web server logs , and through cookies .
We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet or mobile application experience that delivers the information , resources , and services that are most relevant and helpful to you .
We do not share with others any of the information you provide , unless we say so in this Privacy Statement , or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it .
How is my personal information protected
We have implemented certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We store the information about you in a data center with restricted access and appropriate monitoring .
We use intrusion detection and virus protection software .
Despite these measures , we can not guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures .
Who has access to the personal information
We will not sell , rent , or lease mailing lists or other customer data to others , and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties , except our approved agents and contractors , or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement .
We rely on some of our affiliates for support of the products and services we offer , and we share some of our back-office functions with other Thomson Reuters companies ; our affiliates are all required to preserve the confidentiality of any personal information they may access .
We will not disclose any personal information or information about your usage of our websites or mobile applications to unaffiliated third parties , except as necessary to service the account , to enforce the terms of use , to meet our obligations to content and technology providers , or as required by law .
How may I correct , amend , or delete my personal information , or update my preferences
You may cancel your registration or update your preferences at any time .
If you do not want to receive information about our products or services , please update your account preferences ( where available ) , check the appropriate box when registering and/or utilize the `` unsubscribe '' mechanism within the communications that you receive from us .
If you have any additional questions or concerns related to this statement and/or our practices , email us .
What personal information does FindLaw collect and how do we use it ?
We collect information about our users in three ways : directly from the user , from our web server logs , and through cookies .
We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information , resources , and services that are most relevant and helpful to you .
We do n't share any of the information you provide with others , unless we say so in this Privacy Statement , or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it .
When you register for our services or order products via our site , we ask you to provide some personal information , for example , your name , address , phone number , email address , payment card information , and/or certain additional categories of information resulting from use of our websites and services , such as research requests .
We keep this information in a contact database for future reference , as needed .
We may use certain information you provide to offer you products and services that we believe may be of interest to you .
If you do n't wish to receive such offers , you may opt out ( unsubscribe ) as described below .
FindLaw promotions : Update your preferences
If you contact us for customer support , we may ask you to provide information about your computer or about the issues you are trying to resolve .
This information is necessary to help us answer your questions .
We may record your requests and our responses for quality control purposes .
Some FindLaw websites make chat rooms , forums , message boards , or news groups available to you .
Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas is public .
You should exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these areas .
Please do not submit any confidential , proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information ( e.g . Social Security Number ; date of birth ; drivers license number ; or credit card , bank account or other financial information ) ( collectively , Sensitive Information ) .
If you submit any Sensitive Information , you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission .
Websites that FindLaw hosts for law firm and attorney customers may allow you to submit information to the law firm via a contact form or online chat .
Any information that you voluntarily submit through the site may be shared with and stored by FindLaw so that FindLaw may provide services to the law firm or attorney .
Please do not submit any Sensitive Information through the website contact form or online chat .
Additionally , FindLaw offers legal professionals the ability to provide personal information for inclusion in the FindLaw Lawyer Directory .
If you submit your information , know that :
It must be accurate , complete , and current .
It will be distributed to third parties in multiple formats ( including online ) , and you will not be compensated by FindLaw in any way for its use .
FindLaw has no control over how third parties use your profile information ; these third parties may contact you for any purpose , including marketing .
When you visit our website , we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs , which are records of the activities on our sites .
Our servers automatically capture and save the information electronically .
Examples of the information we may collect include :
Your unique Internet protocol address
The name of your unique Internet service provider
The city , state , and country from which you access our website
The kind of browser or computer you use
The number of links you click within the site
The date and time of your visit
The web page from which you arrived to our site
The pages you viewed on the site
Certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website ( s )
The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site , analyze its usage , protect the website and its content from inappropriate use , and improve the user 's experience .
In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service , we may use cookies to store and help track information about you .
Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits .
Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you wo n't have to reenter them each time you visit .
The use of cookies is relatively standard .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
However , if you prefer , you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies .
You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you do n't accept cookies .
We may use services hosted by third parties , such as Google Analytics , to assist in providing our services and to help us understand our customers ' use of our products .
These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request , including your IP address or cookies .
If these third party services collect information , they do so anonymously and in the aggregate to provide information helpful to us such as website trends , without identifying individual visitors .
Please see `` Cookies '' in the section above for information on how you can control the use of cookies on your computer .
How does FindLaw protect the personal information that it collects
We have implemented certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
For example , some of our websites are protected with Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
Also , we store the information about you in a data center with restricted access and appropriate monitoring , and we use a variety of technical security measures to secure your data .
In addition , we use intrusion detection and virus protection software .
However , please note that we can not guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures .
Also , please note that we may store and process your personal information in systems located outside of your home country .
However , regardless of where storage and processing may occur , we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is protected , consistent with the principles set forth under this statement .
Who has access to the personal information
We will not sell , rent , or lease mailing lists or other customer data to others , and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties , except as follows :
To agents and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us ( for example , we may use third parties to help us with promotional campaigns ) .
Information that is submitted through a contact form or online chat on law firm and attorney websites hosted by FindLaw may be shared with or referred to an unaffiliated attorney if that law firm or attorney is unable to assist with your matter .
As required by law , in a matter of public safety or policy , as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets ( for example , if we are acquired by another company or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings ) , or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property .
We also rely on some of our affiliates for support of the products and services we offer , and we share some of our back-office functions with other Thomson Reuters companies .
Our affiliates are all required to preserve the confidentiality of any personal information they may access .
We will not disclose any information about your usage to unaffiliated third parties , except as necessary to service the account , to enforce the terms of use , to meet our obligations to content and technology providers , or as required by law .
We may also use statistics regarding usage for product development purposes , but we only use those statistics in the aggregate and they do n't include any personally identifiable information about individual users .
Your access to some of our services and content may be password protected .
We recommend that you refrain from disclosing your username ( s ) and password ( s ) to anyone .
We also recommend that you sign out of your account or service at the end of each session .
You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work , especially if you share a computer with someone else or if you are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe .
How may I correct , amend , or delete my personal information and/or update my preferences
You may cancel your registration or update your preferences at any time .
If you do n't want to receive information about our products or services , please update your account preferences ( where available ) , check the appropriate box when registering , and/or utilize the `` unsubscribe '' mechanism within the communications that you receive from us .
FindLaw promotions : Update your preferences
If you have any additional questions or concerns related to this statement and/or our practices , please email us .
Or contact us via the following :
Eagan , MN 55123
Telephone +1 651 687 8261
Facsimile +1 651 687 1899
If our information practices change in a significant way , we will post the policy changes here .
This Privacy Statement was last updated on November 12 , 2013 .

Last modified October 8 , 2013 .
What does the Privacy Policy apply to ?
What information does Wizards collect ?
Chat , Forums , Blogs , and Discussion Lists
Who is collecting my information and how will it be used ?
With whom does Wizards share my personal information ?
International Transfer of Information ?
Clear GIFs , Cookies and IP Addresses
Linking to third party sites
Safeguarding your personal information
Review , update , and removal of personal information
Your California Privacy Rights
Teenages ( Ages 13-17 )
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information
Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information
Notification of Updates to the Privacy Policy
Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the coolest information about the world of hobby gaming Wizards of the Coast web sites bring you the latest about the world of hobby gaming , a place to meet and play with other gamers like you , and discover some of the best independent and strategy games available .
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Wizards ' policy regarding the online collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below .
Wizards respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and is committed to providing you with a secure online environment .
We have adopted an Online Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) that guides how we collect , store and use the information you provide us online .
This Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that Wizards is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all our web sites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :
Exactly what personal information may be collected ;
The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information ;
Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information ;
How this information may be used , including , with whom , if anyone , it might be shared ;
Whether a company uses cookies or tracks IP Addresses to collect information ;
What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ;
How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ;
How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ;
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints ; and ,
Whether and how information is collected from Children under 13 .
If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding our privacy statement or policies , please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator .
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
For complaints , you can also contact ESRB Privacy Online directly through their consumer hotline , or by regular mail at 317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor , New York , NY 10017 .
What does this Privacy Policy apply to
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
What information does Wizards collect
Wizards wants to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible .
To help us figure out what you like and do n't like about our sites , we may ask for your opinion from time to time .
Wizards may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you :
create a profile to participate in Wizards community features
shop at one of our affiliate online stores
give credit card information to make purchases from our Sites*
enter a shipping and billing address when making a purchase
participate in contests , events , or promotions
send questions or comments to Wizards customer service
submit your resume to us online
fill out online surveys
*While Wizards may collect credit card data from its customers from time to time , it will also use third party credit card processing companies to process your payment transactions .
When it is using such a third party processing company , Wizards will not have access to your credit card data .
The requested information may include personal information such as your name , e-mail address , telephone number , and home address .
In addition , we may request demographic information such as your age , the gender and birth dates of children in your household , and toy and game ownership and preferences .
If you are under the age of 13 , some features of the Sites may be unavailable to you .
For others , you will need your parent or guardian 's consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities .
Kids , if you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Site , ask your parent or guardian for help .
See Note To Parents below for more information .
To register an account with Wizards , you must provide a date of birth , first name and last name , city , country , postal code , gender , e-mail address , password and screen name .
Your personal profile ( Your Profile ) will be automatically populated with the screen name , birth date , gender , country and postal code you provided at registration .
The information in Your Profile , including any information or content you voluntarily add to Your Profile such as first and last name and images you upload , will be made public by default and will not be subject to this policy , unless you set Your Profile to Private .
To change Your Profile privacy settings , go to Your Profile page and click on Profile in the left navigation menu .
Then click Privacy Settings .
In this section , you may also change Your Profile information , who can view your page and activity , and who can contact you on the Site , as well as control how we communicate with you .
Your Profile will be searchable by screen name , full name , city , state/province , country , age , and postal code .
You can change this by selecting Exclude me from search results in Privacy Settings .
Please note : The photo you selected ( you are not required to upload a personal photo ) as your avatar and your screen name will always display on your page , posts , and in search results .
If you choose to populate Your Profile with your full name , your full name will display on Your Profile unless you set Your Profile to private as described above .
Information and content you choose to make public either through Your Profile , or by posting on the Sites , are not subject to this policy .
Wizards collects information from you at other points on the Sites , as described below :
Message Boards , Blogs and Social Networking
Wizards provides message boards , blogs and other public forums on the Sites for exchanging information and social networking .
Please note that information , user content or any other materials that you post on our Sites , including any information from Your Profile that you choose to make public , will be available for any user of that service to read , and are therefore no longer private and may be disclosed without limitations as to use by a third party .
If you post information , materials or other content on the Sites or other public forum , you are providing information that can be collected and used by others that you do not know for their own purposes , including the distribution of unsolicited communications .
Visitors purchasing goods and services through one of our affiliate online stores will need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to name , mailing address , phone number and e-mail address .
To participate in some of our promotions , you may be asked to provide an e-mail address or screen name , so that we can let you know if you won a prize .
For other Wizards promotions , we may request your name and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail .
By requesting your e-mail address to respond to your customer service question or comment , we are not attempting to collect any personal information about you for marketing purposes .
We will only use personal information ( such as name , mailing address and e-mail address ) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail .
Although we may retain your name , e-mail address , and other information you provide , we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments .
Wizards Play Network ( WPN )
Participants including store owners and event organizers have the opportunity to sign up with the Wizards Play Network ( WPN ) in order to participate in organized play events .
Participants must provide certain identifiable information to be eligible to participate in these events .
Our Sites allow for the online submission of resumes .
Personal information collected from resumes is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
However , we can assure you that such information will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings .
In order to improve the user experience at our Site , we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our Sites and what we can do to make them better .
Information collected through these surveys is anonymous ; we can not identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means .
Whatever the activity may be , we will only collect information to the extent it is reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
If you do not want to submit personal information when requested , you will not be able to access certain areas on our Sites or take advantage of certain features of our Sites .
However , you do not need to provide personal information to Wizards in order to use our Sites .
Who is collecting my information and how will it be used
Wizards collects the personal information you provide on our Sites .
We may use the information you submit to our Sites to send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest .
We may also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs .
The demographic information ( e.g. , age and gender ) you provide us is collected by Wizards and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties .
This aggregate demographic information can not be used to personally identify you or your computer .
Third parties who fulfill Site-related services such as hosting may collect the personal information you provide on our Sites .
These third parties will not use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the Site-related services , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of your personal information .
Third parties that advertise through or serve ads on our Sites may gather non-personally identifying data about the advertisements you viewed and the Site pages that interest you through the use of cookies and clear GIFs ( these technologies are described below ) .
This information helps advertisers determine which kinds of advertisements you might prefer .
Wizards ' privacy policy does not cover the policies or practices of these third parties .
Visitors should consult the third parties ' privacy notices .
With whom does Wizards share my personal information
Wizards may share your information with its related entities , including its parent and sister companies .
Wizards may share your personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
Wizards also may disclose your personal information in order to fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
Also , if you make a purchase on one of our sites , your credit card data may have to be disclosed to an unaffiliated third party payment processing company as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
In the event that such data is shared , Wizards will take all reasonable steps to ensure the applicable third parties protect the data adequately .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Except as set forth herein , Wizards of the Coast LLC , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
You also can engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or third-party social media plug-ins and applications ) .
When you engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , ) from your interaction with our content .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
International Transfer of Information ?
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Wizards may transfer that information to its parent , affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :
* the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and
* the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
Clear GIFs , Cookies and IP Addresses
Clear GIFs , sometimes called `` web bugs '' or pixel tags , are file objects , usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF ( Graphics Interchange Format , one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web ) , that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior .
The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page , the URL of the page the GIF is on , the time the page was viewed , the type of browser used , and it can also identify a previously set cookie value .
This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Wizards and we use this information to accurately count visitors across our web sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of web sites .
Wizards does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information .
Wizards uses `` cookies '' to enhance your experience at our Sites .
Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site , how often they visit that site and what content they are most interested in viewing .
For example , a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or `` IP '' address ( an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet ) , such as the time and duration of your visits , how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site .
Wizards ' web sites collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our web sites .
When visitors request pages on one of our web sites , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses .
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our community rules Code of Conduct or posted Legal Notice , or to protect our services , web sites , customers , or others .
Other information passively collected by Wizards is in the form of logs -- files that record web site activity and gather statistics about web users ' browsing habits .
These entries are generated anonymously , and help Wizards determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have visited our web sites , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you .
Linking to third party sites
To provide relevant information not found on our Sites and to facilitate online shopping , Wizards may provide links from our Sites to third party web sites .
We encourage our users to read third party sites ' privacy policies before submitting personal information..
If you do not want Wizards to send you e-mail or regular mail about our products and/or services , you can opt-out at the time of registration or at the time of information collection .
If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Wizards ' e-mail list , you can do so by using the link included with a Wizards e-mail or by contacting customer service .
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Safeguarding your personal information
Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a PCI-certified secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel secured with passkeys and under 24-hour video surveillance .
Wizards uses Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through account registration and payment processes .
We store your information in an encrypted format .
Review , update and removal of personal information
If you have registered with our site , you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting customer service .
Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Wizards who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , contact customer service :
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Any questions or complaints about Wizards or this privacy statement can be addressed by contacting Customer Service :
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
We reserve the right to change this statement at any time , so visit this page from time to time to check for changes .
For additional information about our web sites , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Wizards has developed its web sites to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
Wizards recognizes that some younger children may not understand some of the information contained on the web sites or how the web sites operate .
That is the purpose of the Privacy Statement .
Please discuss this statement with your children so that they will better understand how to use the web sites and the information they may be asked to provide .
Wizards strongly believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the web sites will lead to informed choices and decisions about how to use the web sites , as well as protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our policy , please contact us using the Contact Information provided below .
For all other issues , please contact Wizards Customer Service .
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Teenagers ( Ages 13-17 )
Wizards may collect personal information from users over 13 and under 18 ( `` teenager '' ) .
When a web site user in this age category submits personal information , Wizards may request a parent or guardian 's e-mail address to notify the parent or guardian of the teenager 's activity .
Personal information collected from these visitors is subject to the policies set forth above..
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Wizards may collect and store personal information about children under 13 ( `` children '' or `` child '' ) if it is submitted by way of our registration form and with the parent 's or legal guardian 's verifiable consent .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are under 13 years of age are directed to a Parental Consent Form .
The Parental Consent Form is available for viewing here , and it must be signed and returned to Wizards by mail or fax , before we will collect information from users who have indicated they are under 13 .
If given verifiable permission from a parent or legal guardian , Wizards may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , e-mail address , mailing address , parent 's or legal guardian 's name , and parent 's or legal guardian 's email address .
Wizards may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Wizards will only collect this information if it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child or parent/ legal guardian and provided with the parent 's or legal guardian 's signed permission .
We do not gather personal information about a child through the use of passive collection mechanisms such as cookies .
For more information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on cookies ( provided above ) .
The information that a child provides on his/her registration form may be used to : ( a ) allow the child to participate in activities on our web sites ( e.g. , contests ) ; and , ( b ) allow us to send the child promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest .
Wizards may share kids ' personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal website support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These entities will not use kids ' personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can constantly improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
To read about the steps Wizards takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on `` Safeguarding your personal information '' ( above ) .
In some instances , certain portions of our web sites ( e.g. , electronic postcards ) will allow children under 13 to submit personal information such as their e-mail addresses without first obtaining their parents ' or legal guardians ' consent .
Such portions of our web sites operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent under the law .
Other areas of our web sites will facilitate a child 's participation in our Community features such as forums , wikis , and blogs , as well as creation of a profile .
Your child 's participation may result in public disclosure of the personal information he or she posts through these features .
We will take all reasonable measures to delete any personal information of a child posted through our Community features if and when such information is discovered .
Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information
Wizards may share children 's personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal web site support operations ( e.g. , community operations , online product fulfillment , e-mail services , or technical support ) .
These web sites will not use this personal information for any other purpose , and have agreed to maintain confidentiality , surveys , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
Wizards , as a subsidiary of Hasbro , Inc. does not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users ( including children under 13 ) to third parties .
However , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Wizards ' customer information may be transferred to Wizards ' successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law .
Safeguarding Children 's Personal Information
Wizards will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information your child provides to us .
Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter , accessible by limited Wizards personnel .
Notification of Updates to Privacy Policy
Changes to the privacy policy will be made to this page .
We may also notify customers via email and/or other means , in our discretion .
A parent who has already given Wizards permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information or discontinue further collection and use of the child 's personal information .
To do so , please contact us using the contact information below and be sure to include the following :
Your child 's name and e-mail address
Your name and e-mail address
The name of the feature for which your child is registered
We will be happy to honor your request .
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Any personal information that a child provides to our web sites for purposes of registration is collected by Wizards .
Wizards contact information is as follows :
Wizards contact options :
Write to us at : Wizards of the Coast
ATTN : Game Support
Renton , WA 98057-0707
Call us : Monday through Friday , from 9 am to 6 pm Pacific Time , and also on weekends from 10 am to 4 pm Pacific Time :
US/Canada : ( 800 ) 324-6496
Other countries : ( 425 ) 204-8069
Attn . : Director , Privacy Online
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017

Conduit provides a Software-as-a-Service platform for creating and sharing apps .
More than 250,000 web publishers are leveraging our technology to deliver custom browser apps and community toolbars with their brand and their content .
From avid fans of the world 's largest brands to members of thousands of smaller communities , Conduit-powered apps are used by more than 170,000,000 people from all over the world on various platforms ( PC , MAC , Mobile , Windows , Linux , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , Chrome and more ) .
Publishers who utilize our platform can distribute their apps both directly and from the Conduit App Marketplace , to engage users constantly and deliver unique content beyond the boundaries of their website .
As a platform provider , we strive to ensure that custom browser apps and community toolbars that are created using our technology are safe and secure .
We are highly committed to protecting the privacy and safety of our publishers and their users and to ensuring a satisfying experience to anyone using our services .
As part of the ongoing efforts to maintain our commitment , we provide and enforce strict guidelines and policies that are available in this page , and we use various technology solutions that help us keep our network clean and safe .
Conduit-powered community toolbars are included on the industry-recognized TRUSTe safe-software whitelist .
The Trusted Download certification is awarded to software that demonstrates informed consumer choice , does not exhibit surreptitious activities , and is distributed in a responsible manner .
Our custom browser app and community toolbar download pages are also scanned daily and are certified by McAfee SECURE to ensure that the content on the pages is safe .
Publishers that utilize the Conduit platform can be assured that their custom apps and community toolbars can be used as safe and secure methods for delivering their brand and content on different platforms .
So go ahead , create your custom browser apps and community toolbar to safely connect and engage with your users !
Commitment : We believe in a sincere , straightforward approach towards privacy and security issues .
We are committed to maintaining strict privacy policies , and we expect our publishers to abide by them .
Compliance and Safety : Our platform and products have been tested and certified by leading , independent security companies .
We will cooperate with any legal entity to ensure the safety and privacy of our publishers and their users .
Zero Tolerance : We will show zero tolerance towards publishers who violate the privacy and security rights of their users , and we will take legal action against any party that tries to exploit the Conduit platform for invading the privacy of others .
Website Privacy Policy - includes our commitment to protect the privacy and security of any party that visits our website .
Conduit Powered Apps Privacy Policy - includes our commitment to protect the privacy and security of browser app users and community toolbar users , and the privacy standards that our publishers must accept prior to using our platform .
Mobile Privacy Policy - includes our commitment to protect the privacy of our mobile app users .
Children 's Privacy Policy - ensures our compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( `` COPPA '' ) and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet .

Consumer Media LLC Privacy Policy
Last updated on April 15 , 2013
This Privacy Policy applies to the Consumerist web site , Tipster application and any other web sites ( Site ( s ) ) and applications ( apps ) owned and operated by Consumer Media LLC ( Consumer Media , we or us ) that link to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes how Consumer Media treats information provided or collected from you on our Sites and apps .
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please read this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement before using our Sites and apps .
By using any of Consumer Media 's Sites or apps that link to this Privacy Policy , you consent to the terms of this updated Privacy Policy and our User Agreement .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT , HOW WE COLLECT IT AND HOW WE USE IT
We may collect information from our users at several points on our Sites and apps .
We use the personal information you provide for the purpose for which it was collected and as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
The information we collect falls into two main categories : ( 1 ) personal information and ( 2 ) non-personally identifying information .
We also collect your IP address , which has the potential to identify you personally .
Comments : If you register to comment on our Sites , we collect your user name , email address and password .
Your user name and avatar ( if any ) together with the content of your comments are public .
We use your email address to reset your password and to communicate with you about your account and Consumer Media activities .
We may also use the information you provide to contact you regarding your use of our Sites and apps or to request donations .
We may collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses for logged-in users and for users leaving comments .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , you will not be able to log in to comment on Consumerist .
Tipster : The Tipster app enables you to submit tips and photos about consumer issues to help inform Consumerist 's reporting .
If you submit a tip and any photos to us via the Tipster app , we collect your first and last name , email address , and any other information included in your message or photo , which may include photo metadata such as when and where the photo was taken .
We use this information to contact you about your tip .
Unless otherwise indicated in our requests for tips , we post your first name or first initial to credit you as a tip source .
Surveys : Consumer Media may collect personal information such as your email address together with your survey responses in connection with voluntary surveys conducted via our Sites that inform our reporting and help us improve our Sites .
Donations : We are a nonprofit organization and , as such , accept tax-deductible donations .
If you donate to us , we collect your first and last name , address , telephone number , and credit or debit card information in order to process your donation and contact you about Consumer Media activities .
We share your credit or debit card information with third parties only as necessary to process your donation .
We respect your time and will keep communication to a minimum .
Email Newsletter : If we launch an email newsletter , we may collect your email address and other personal information when you register for the newsletter .
Registrants for the email newsletter will receive regular emails from us .
You can opt-out of emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email .
Information Collected Through Technology
When you use our Sites and apps , we and our service providers may collect information automatically , including tracking information .
Information collected may include your :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address
Domain name of your Internet service provider
Date and time of visit
Pages visited on the Sites
The address of the website from which you entered the Sites .
We collect this data for analytics purposes , including aggregate reporting on Site or user activity , and for personalization services .
We also use this data to improve our Sites and apps and make them more rewarding for our users .
From time to time , we may release non-personally identifying information in aggregate , for example , by publishing a report on trends in Site usage .
Most tracking information is collected via cookies , javascript , or other technical methods , some of which are described below .
Cookies : We use cookies to store , and sometimes to track , user information in certain areas of our Sites , for example , in the Consumerist comment service .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your email address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie contains a unique number that allows a Site to recognize your computer .
Our Sites use temporary and persistent cookies .
A temporary cookie tracks visitor activity during a session or visit and it expires when you close your browser .
We use them to provide continuity for your visit as you visit web pages in our Sites .
Persistent cookies allow us to keep track of your user name and password so you do n't have to re-enter that information each time you visit a Site ( or Site area ) that requires you to sign in , for example , Consumerist 's comment service .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following the instructions provided in your browser 's help file .
You can configure your browser to reject all cookies , or to notify you .
If you reject all cookies , you will not be able to use services like the Consumerist comment service that require you to sign in .
Log Files : Web servers keep log files that gather information about your use of our Sites and apps .
This information may help us analyze how our Sites and apps are used .
Information collected may include IP address , browser type , Internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , and date/time stamp in order to enable us and/or our service providers to analyze trends , administer the Sites and apps , track users ' navigation in the aggregate , and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
Web beacons : Our Sites and e-mails may use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs ) .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites or emails .
We use Web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile statistics about Site usage and analyze Site traffic patterns .
We also use Web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send visitors to our Sites to determine whether our recipients have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails .
On their own , cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifying information .
However , if you choose to furnish us with personally identifying information , this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies or Web beacons .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to other parties authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
The Help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely or clear existing cookies .
However , if you do n't accept cookies , you will not be able to take advantage of certain features on our Sites , for example , you will not be able to use features like Consumerist 's blog commenting platform that require you to sign in with a user name and password .
We accept no free samples or corporate sponsorships .
We accept no outside advertising other than promotional materials from our legally affiliated organizations , which include two non-profit organizations , Consumers Union of United States , Inc. , doing business as Consumer Reports , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization and Consumers Union Action Fund , Inc. , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) nonprofit consumer advocacy organization .
These organizations do not accept outside advertising .
Consumer Reports may use cookies on our Site , for example , to advertise its products and services .
To prevent other sites from placing cookies on your computer , you will need to visit each Web site and use their cookie-removal process or set your browser cookie filter accordingly .
Third Party Sites and Services
Our Sites and apps may contain links to third-party Web sites and services or may be accessible via third-party services ( e.g. , social media services ) .
If you disclose your personal information to third parties , whether through our Sites or through third-party sites or services , then the privacy policies of those third parties will control any information you provide to them and will operate independently of this Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for and do not control the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites or services operated by third parties .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information .
HOW YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , we may also use your information to contact you regarding your use of our Sites and apps , to request donations to support Consumer Media 's activities , and to customize your experience .
We also use the information you provide to ensure compliance with our User Agreement .
If you contact us for help or for additional information about a particular service , we will use the personal information you provide to reply to you .
We may also use the information you provide to send you information and materials produced by us or our affiliates that we believe may be of interest to you , for example , we may send you an email about a consumer protection legislative proposal that Consumers Union Action Fund is supporting before Congress or we may send you information about how to subscribe to a Consumer Reports publication .
If you prefer not to receive these types of communications , you can opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the email communication and we will honor your request promptly .
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your personal information .
We may share your personal information with our affiliates , which include Consumer Reports , the non-profit publisher of Consumer Reports magazine and ConsumerReports.org , and Consumers Union Action Fund , Inc. , the affiliate of Consumers Union that helps work for pro-consumer legislative reform .
From time to time , you may receive emails from our affiliates .
Except for sharing with our affiliates , and as described below , we will not share , exchange , sell or rent your email address with any other third parties .
Please note that any information you post to a public area of our Sites and applications , for example , in comments to blog posts , is public .
Sharing with service providers
We contract with other companies to provide certain services on our behalf , including hosting , email distribution , donation payment card processing , surveys and analytics .
We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services .
These service providers are restricted from using the personal information we provide in any way other than to provide services for us and they may not share or resell this personal information .
Sale of a Business
We may purchase or establish a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personal information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale , creation of a separate business to provide certain of our products and services , or sale or pledge of our assets , as well as in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of Consumer Media .
Information , including personal information , about Consumer Media 's users of our Sites and applications may also be need to be disclosed in connection with a transaction in which Consumer Media or one of our affiliates is seeking financing , investment , support or funding .
If we sell a business or engage in one of the other types of transactions noted above , personal information will be subject to the promises made in our privacy policy in effect at the time of the transfer of that information .
Sharing for Legal Purposes
We reserve the right to share your personal information with legal authorities if required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or if we determine in our sole discretion that it is necessary to investigate , prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities , any violations of our User Agreement , or in connection with any safety or security concerns .
If we are required to by law to disclose your contact information , we will first attempt to contact you to provide an opportunity to respond to such request .
Mandatory Disclosure for Certain Promotional Offers , Sweepstakes or Contests
When you choose to enter a sweepstakes or contest or other promotion , then your participation will be governed by the terms and conditions of such promotions .
Your information may be disclosed to third parties , including service providers and judges , who assist us with the promotion .
We may also disclose your information if legally required to do so , for example , by posting a winner 's list online and filing a winner 's name , address and phone number with applicable state agencies .
Third-Party Use of Aggregate , Anonymous Data
We authorize certain service providers to utilize for their business purposes and in accordance with their privacy policies aggregated , anonymous information derived from data collected when you use the products and services they support on our behalf , for example , to report on usage or industry trends to their customer base .
This information includes such anonymous , aggregated information as your browser type , screen resolution and mobile device type.We work to protect your personal information from loss , misuse or unauthorized alteration on our Sites .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect via our Sites .
We work to protect your personal information from loss , misuse or unauthorized alteration on our Sites .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect via our Sites .
Keep in mind that any information you include in a message you post online in a public posting area on one of our Sites is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your name or other information about you , do not include it in any message you post publicly or incorporate it in a user name .
We will investigate , and , if necessary , take action to halt any violation of the security of your personal information of which we become aware .
Security of Access to Your Online Account Information
If you register to engage in certain activities on a Site , you are asked to establish a user name and password .
If you forget your password , we can send you an email to the email address we have on record that allows you to reset your password .
If we do not have a valid email address associated with your user name and password , then you will have to re-register if you forget your user name and password .
We urge you to keep your password confidential and not disclose it to anyone .
We encourage you to use strong passwords ( click here for secure password guidelines from Consumer Reports ) .
We also recommend that you never reuse the same password across different web sites and other online products and services .
IMPORTANT - Although we take these steps to protect your personal information , no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure , therefore we can not promise or guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Our Sites and apps are oriented toward a general audience and intended for adults only .
We do not knowingly request or collect information from children under age 13 .
If you are under age 13 , please do not send us any personal information .
You must be 18 or older to participate in certain activities via our Sites , such as contests .
Consumer Media is a not-for-profit Delaware limited liability company headquartered in Yonkers , New York , USA .
If you are located outside of the United States , the personal information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and governed by applicable U.S. laws and regulations and this Privacy Policy .
Some of this information may be transferred to , processed and stored temporarily by our service providers in other countries .
By submitting your personal information , you consent to its transfer to and storage in the United States and other countries designated by Consumer Media , its governance by U.S. laws and regulations , and its use in accordance with the purposes for which it was originally collected and as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes in our practices , technology , Sites and applications .
The most recent version of this Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Sites and apps , with such changes effective as of the Effective Date posted at the top of this Privacy Policy .
If we make a material change in the way we use your personal information , we will provide notice to you .
By continuing to use our Sites and applications after we have posted such modification or notice , you agree to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy , provided that we will seek your consent to any changes where legally required to do so .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Sites who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
You may make such a request by writing to us at :
Attn : Consumerist Privacy
Yonkers , NY 10703
Please include your name and contact information in your request .
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT PRIVACY
If you wish to deactivate your account , you may do so through your user profile .
If you feel that we have not complied with our Privacy Policy , please let us know .
Any disputes regarding this Privacy Policy are subject to our User Agreement .

ZIFF DAVIS , INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Ziff Davis , Inc .
This Privacy Policy describes what information Ziff Davis and certain third parties gather , how we collect it , our information sharing practices , how users may change the way their information is collected and more .
Part 1- 'Personal Information '
Personal Information generally means information which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name , address , age , credit card details , email and phone number .
We collect such personal information when you provide it to us , such as when you :
Subscribe to the PC Magazine Digital Edition
Register with any of our Ziff Davis B2B sites including Toolbox.com
Purchase software license or a product
Sign up for email newsletters or white papers
Register for site membership including My IGN
Create a profile or
Otherwise communicate with us .
Several of the services that we offer require registration as a condition of use .
We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and add it to the information you have provided to us .
Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in our forums , blogs , wikis , chat rooms , or other publicly accessible interaction , or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users to upload or post content .
We discourage users from posting personally identifiable information in this fashion , and any personally identifiable information you post to these areas is not covered by this Policy .
You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page .
Part 2- Other Information We Collect :
Web Beacons are electronic files that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies .
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us , we may use web beacons , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard disk by a Web page server .
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Like many other web sites , Ziff Davis sites use cookies to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience .
We may use a cookie to identify members so they do not have to re-enter a user ID and password when they wish to download a utility , post to a discussion , or sign into an account .
As another example , cookies can be used to control the number of times you see advertisements , like pop-ups .
By allowing us to better understand how users interact with the site over time , cookies can also help us improve your experience and deliver more relevant content to you .
Cookies may be created directly by our sites for these purposes , or by third-party companies operating on our behalf .
Pixel Tags , also known as clear gifs , beacons , spotlight tags or web bugs , are a method for passing information from the user 's computer to a third party Web site .
Used in conjunction with cookies , Ziff Davis may use pixel tags to improve our understanding of site traffic , visitor behavior , and response to promotional campaigns .
Pixel tags are also used as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement , and are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications .
We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies for the same purpose .
We use clear gifs in our HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
You need not have cookies turned on to visit all of our sites , though cookies may be required in order for you to participate in certain areas .
If you choose to become a member of certain Ziff Davis websites , you must have cookies enabled to access any member related pages ( i.e. , Discussion Boards , Member Profile pages , Search for a Member ) .
IP Addresses are a unique string of numbers that identifies each computer attached to the Internet .
We use IP Addresses to analyze trends , administer our web sites , track users ' movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses that we collect are sometimes linked to personally identifiable information .
We use registration and email addresses that you provide together with IP Addresses and other information we collect as described in this policy , to understand our customer base and to market services and products to our customers .
To improve the quality of the some of our services , we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties .
For example , if you access My IGN ( my.ign.com ) or IGN content through third party services ( such as Roku or Hulu ) through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or user name associated with that third-party service , or any information you have made public in connection with that service or which the third party shares with us .
What We Provide to Third Parties
Statistical Reports and Mailing Lists The aggregate statistics that describe our online audience , which are often based on the information you provide when you subscribe , register , or browse our sites , help us sell advertising and otherwise publicize Ziff Davis and our brands .
In addition , we make certain information such as the name of our users , their mailing address , phone number , email addresses , and - in certain circumstances - their employer 's name , company size and other industry data available on a rental or other basis ( e.g . sale ) to third party providers of goods and services .
To learn how you can make choices about how this information is used or shared , please visit the How You Can Change or Control What is Collected section below .
Email Deployment , Data Analysis E-Commerce and Other Services We provide customer lists , email addresses and other information to third party companies and contractors who provide us with specialized services , such as email message deployment , merge-purge ( identifying and removing duplicate addresses ) , subscription fulfillment , and customer support and service , research , statistical analysis , data and website hosting and other data and transaction processing .
These companies work on our behalf and we do not provide our lists or other data to them for their own , permanent use .
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service .
They should also maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose .
Please note that we engage third party service providers for the purpose of processing sales of subscriptions , to fulfill your orders for product purchases , to honor your request to be removed from promotional mailings , or other services .
These service providers have access to or are provided with certain personal information ( including credit card information ) in order to provide us with the applicable service .
Webcasts At times we produce and host sponsored webcasts for a variety of companies ( `` Sponsors '' ) .
Data collected during the registration process and the actual event may be shared with those Sponsors and others , and is governed by our policy and the third party 's privacy policy and may be used by us and the Sponsor for follow-up purposes .
Contests/Sweepstakes Data collected during the registration for contests and sweepstakes is used by us and may be shared with sponsors .
Please read the contest rules carefully before you submit your data .
Co-Branded Sites and Services When you use a co-branded service ( a service operated with a service or site partner of Ziff Davis ) , or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site , you grant us permission to pass the information collected back to that service or site partner .
Use of your information by such partners is subject to their privacy policies as well as ours .
White Papers/Other Sponsored Downloads Ziff Davis hosts product listings and offers informational downloads for a variety of third party vendors .
When registration is required in order to receive or view the download , some or all data collected during product registration and/or Ziff Davis web site registration may be shared with the vendor ( and other third parties ) .
Ecommerce When shopping on certain of our sites or pages , users may need to provide personally identifiable information necessary to fulfill an online order , including name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address , credit card number ( with expiration date ) , and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient .
If a user creates an account , the credit card information above will not be stored under their account .
When placing an order , credit card information may be either temporarily stored on a Ziff Davis server and then immediately transferred to a secure server of a PCI compliant third party or will be immediately entered onto a secure server of a PCI compliant third party .
We partner with a number of third parties to process and fulfill orders , send transactional emails , and ensure delivery of downloads and packages .
While these third parties may have access to personal information in order to perform their duties , they are not permitted to use it for other purposes .
What Third parties and Ziff Davis May Collect
Online Ad Serving .
Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers use third-party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites .
Often , these third-party advertising companies employ cookie , pixel tag and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of Web and e-mail advertisement and to create a record of interaction with our site content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites , or for reporting web site traffic , statistics , advertisement data and/or other activities on our sites .
We will also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data .
The specific providers we use are subject to change .
As of the date of the posting of this policy , some of the current providers include DoubleClick , Omniture SiteCatalyst , comScore , and Google Analytics ( for information about how to opt out of tracking methods for these entities and others click here ) .
What Ziff Davis does with the Information it Collects
How we use personal information is described in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties .
We use email addresses to send offers of services or products ( and as set forth in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties ) .
Any recipient will be able to unsubscribe from receiving these emails .
Other Information : Ad Serving and Ziff Davis .
At times we display ads both on our network of owned and operated web sites and on non-Ziff Davis web sites .
When you visit one of our web sites or view ads that we serve off of our network elsewhere on the Internet , you may see multiple kinds of ads , such as text ads next to search results and graphical ads shown on web pages .
Sometimes these ads are based on the content of the page on which they appear .
Other times these ads are generated by matching the ad to your interests as inferred from your browsing activities collected online .
Either way , Ziff Davis tries to show you relevant ads , and to do so , we may use information we know or receive about you like your gender , location or interests .
Interest-based Ads : We use cookies , Javascript , pixel tags and other technology to collect information about your visit ( `` Online Data '' ) to our sites and other third party partner websites that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements .
We analyze what pages you visit on our sites and the third party sites , what products or services you view , and whether you view or click on ads that are shown to you .
We use this information to send you interest based ads .
All such data is also collected anonymously , and is aggregated with other data we collect and/or similar data collected by partners to create segments , groups of users and certain general interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on ( a ) demographic or interest data , and a general geographic location derived from your IP address , ( b ) the pages you view and links you click when using our sites and services and those of our partners , and/or ( c ) the search terms you enter when using certain search services .
We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests .
We store page views , clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you ( such as your name , e-mail address ) which we obtained as described above under Personal Information and in some situations we combine the two sets of data .
We will engage third party providers to assist with the collection , storage and segmentation of this Online Data ; and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information .
These efforts do not result in the collection of personally identifiable information such as name or address ; and we do not intentionally collect data that we consider to be sensitive such as health or medical information .
This data is not sold or transferred to any third party .
Except as may be set forth elsewhere in this policy , this Online Data is retained for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire except in certain situations when the same user subsequently visits one of our sites or a partner 's site in which event the 180 day period will commence again .
To allow other users to find you .
In order to locate My IGN Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world , we allows users to search for members using information the user already knows , such as username , full name , or gamer profile , and identifies users matching that search information .
How You Can Change or Control what is Collected
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis .
You may stop or restrict cookies on your computer or purge them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences .
If you would prefer that we not collect anonymous data that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you , opt out by clicking this icon AdChoices
However , if you 'turn off ' , purge or disable cookies , although you may still use our websites , you may not be able to use all of the features , functions or services available on our websites .
Please click here to learn more about the use of cookies , your opt out choices , and more .
Ziff Davis supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance ( for more information click here ) , and has Evidon Inc. 's assurance platform to comply with these Principles .
As part of this service , online ads that we place using behavioral data we collect are expected to be delivered with the Advertising Option Icon ( also referred to as the Forward i ) or similar icon that helps consumers understand how their data is being used and provides choices for consumers who want more control .
Online advertisements on our sites targeted to you based on previously collected online data about you by third parties should also have the Advertising Option Icon .
This icon is also at the bottom of each of our web pages .
The Advertising Option icon provides information ( and links to other information ) on online behavioral ads , who is collecting and using your online data , how you can opt out and more .
You can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable Javascript ; or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements .
Updating Your Registration Information .
You can correct or change the information collected during site registration at any time at the profile page links shown below or by sending email to the addresses shown below .
Please allow five to ten business days for corrections or changes to be publicly displayed or implemented throughout our systems .
Your Newsletter Subscriptions .
You can opt-in to newsletter mailing lists , or remove yourself at any time through the newsletter subscription management page ( this page will display all of your newsletter subscriptions ) or by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters you receive .
Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect .
Your Subscription Information .
You can correct or change your PC Magazine Digital Edition subscription information and your preferences as to our ability to provide your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes click here .
Please allow two to four weeks for changes to take effect ( if you are a new subscriber , your information may not be immediately available at this URL - please allow up to four weeks from placing your subscription order for processing ) .
You can correct or change your Toolbox.com subscriptions and preferences using the account settings here .
Please note member service-related communications are an integral part of the Toolbox.com service to which you subscribe and you will continue to receive these emails as part of the Toolbox.com service .
Stop Sharing of Lists .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from the third party providers of goods and services to whom we provide lists of our customers , but here is what to do if you no longer wish for us to share this information with such providers :
Please allow up to ten business days for any changes to be implemented throughout our systems .
Other Useful Information Regarding Your Privacy
Change of Ownership of Ziff Davis .
Some or all personal information maintained by Ziff Davis may be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of Ziff Davis or sale of any part of Ziff Davis .
We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to our websites secure and to only release this information to third parties that share our commitment to privacy .
However , we can not guarantee there will not be a breach and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties .
Ziff Davis web sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under 13 .
No one under age 13 should provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas , forums , and chats .
Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from making purchases on our sites .
If , notwithstanding these prohibitions , your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , consequences may occur that are not intended for children ( e.g. , they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties ) .
Links to Other Sites .
Ziff Davis web site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours .
We do not have control over the information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected .
Compliance with Law and Other Terms .
Subject to applicable law , we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or engages in ( or we have grounds to believe is engaging in ) any illegal activity , and to release information in response to court and governmental orders , other enforceable requests from government entities , civil subpoenas , discovery requests and otherwise as required by law .
We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights , property , safety or security of Ziff Davis , any of our users or the public , or to respond to an emergency .
Ziff Davis operates websites hosted in the United States and , depending on your country of residence , the submission of personally identifiable information to our sites may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States .
You understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States .
You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence .
Please visit our Terms of Use page for more information concerning your use of Ziff Davis websites and other services .
The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
Changes to the Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time , and all changes will be effective at the time we post them .
If we believe there is a significant change , we may indicate on our sites that our Privacy Policy has changed .
The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions .
Your continued access to or use of any of our sites shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy .
We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you .

Our Users are able to visit many of our website pages without telling us who they are or revealing any information about themselves .
We may track IP addresses from which Users visit us and analyze this data in the aggregate to determine usage for trends and statistics .
Users remain anonymous unless they voluntarily tell us who they are .
This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of data that Users provide directly to advertisers ; that usage is governed by the advertiser 's privacy policy .
Personal Information ( `` PII '' ) We Collect and How We Use It
We ask Users to provide certain PII about themselves when they sign up for subscriptions , make purchases in our store , or contribute content to a Britannica site .
PII means your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , and/or credit or charge card information .
It is up to you whether you provide any PII ; however , you must provide some PII to purchase a subscription or submit content or make a store purchase .
When you provide your PII with your content submissions , realize we have no control over how other Users will use that information .
Britannica uses PII for : allowing Users to obtain an account and to receive communications ; verifying the identities of contributors of content ; making ongoing enhancements to the sites ; marketing and promotional purposes ; and evaluating site usage by analyzing PII and related data in the aggregate .
In addition , with respect to Britannica site Users located outside North America , we may share pertinent PII with our local subsidiaries .
We may share PII with :
Authorized service providers .
We may share PII with service providers that perform certain services on our behalf , such as processing credit card payments , performing business and sales analysis , and supporting our Web site functionality .
When you make purchases or engage in our promotions , we may share PII with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products , services , promotions , contests and/or sweepstakes .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
Direct mail partners .
From time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers , you can notify us at any time by following the instructions set forth below in `` How to Opt Out , Correct , Update , or Remove Personal Information . ''
We also may disclose your information : In response to a subpoena or as otherwise required by law .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of Britannica , our Users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our Web site terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
Purchasers of our business .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation or asset sale .
Our privacy policy would continue to cover your PII .
Prospect and Referral Information
If a User visits a Britannica site and submits an e-mail address to Britannica but fails to complete the registration or purchase process , we may use such `` prospect '' information to contact the prospective User from time to time with Britannica offers and information about new features , new services , and special discounts we think the User may see as valuable .
Similarly , if a User forwards a Britannica e-mail to a friend , we may use the `` referral '' information provided to contact the friend from time to time with Britannica offers and information about new features , new services , and special discounts we think the friend may see as valuable .
We do not sell or rent any contact information for such `` prospects '' or `` referrals . ''
Non-Personally identifiable Information ( `` Non-PII '' ) We Collect and How We Use It
Like other commercial websites , we collect information about consumer activities and behaviors to improve our websites , provide standard advertising controls , to determine user response to advertisements and promotions , to deliver targeted advertisements that we or our partners believe will be of most interest to you , and to prepare aggregate reports .
Non-PII collected includes the following : IP address , domain , browser type and language , referring website addresses , date/time of visits , page view data , and search keywords .
Non-PII is collected using the following standard web technologies :
Cookies are data files , which often include an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website .
Cookies can only be read by the party placing the cookie , they can not erase or alter any of your data and when used in the context of collecting non-PII , they do not include personal data .
Log files track actions occurring on sites and collect data including your IP address , browser type , Internet service provider , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , click data and types of advertisements viewed .
Web beacons are electronic files used to track your navigation of a website or collection of sites , and browsing behavior .
Collectively these technologies enable us to better understand our Users .
Cookies do not allow us to gather any PII .
At times we ask subscribers to provide us with demographic or profile information regarding their preferences and interests .
This demographic information is not required .
We use aggregated demographic information to draw conclusions about Users ' wishes and preferences .
We also provide demographic User information in the aggregate to third parties in connection with advertising campaigns .
You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions provided under the heading `` How to Opt Out , Correct , Update , or Remove Personal Information '' below .
Cookies and Beacons Use by Britannica .
To help you personalize your online experience , Britannica uses `` Cookies . ''
`` Cookies '' are small files that Britannica transfers to Users ' browers or , in the case of mobile sites , to Users ' devices , for record-keeping purposes .
One of the primary purposes of Cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time .
For example , Cookies allow us to recognize you when you re-enter a Britannica site so that you will not have to log in each time you visit .
Cookies also allow us to collect anonymous traffic data , such as the number of unique and return visitors who use the Britannica sites .
In addition , Britannica places Cookies with Users visiting from advertising banners and hyperlinks on other sites to track the success of a particular advertising campaign or marketing program .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies .
If you prefer , you can reset your browser to notify you when you 've received a Cookie or , alternatively , to refuse to accept Cookies .
It is important to note that you may not be able to use certain features on a Britannica site if you choose not to accept Cookies .
The use of Cookies is an industry standard and occurs at most major websites .
To manage browser cookies , please see your browser 's privacy settings .
To manage Flash cookies , please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager .
We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one Britannica page to another and to improve site performance .
Cookies and Beacons Use by Third Parties .
Advertisers , advertising networks , and other companies in the online advertising industry use cookies and beacons to target ads served to Britannica.com .
What does it mean to `` serve ads '' ? When you visit a website , your Internet browser transmits a `` request '' to the computer that hosts the website ( the `` host server '' ) requesting that server to send you ( or `` serve '' ) the web page that you are seeking .
Most web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources , for example , a web page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider , its sports results from a different source , and advertisements from other servers .
Our web pages contain coding that directs your browser to fill the ad spaces on the web pages with content served by advertisers and networks of advertisers to whom we have sold the ad spaces .
The advertisers and networks use cookies and beacons to help manage ad delivery and frequency , and to identify audience segment for customized advertising ( `` targeting '' ) .
These cookies are used to identify your IP address , so that when you visit another website using the same advertising network , the network will recognize the cookie as one of its own , read the information on the cookie ( the record of which sites in the network you have visited ) and serve you an ad that you might be interested in , based on your past visits to other sites in the network .
Advertising targeted based on past web surfing is known as `` behavioral advertising . ''
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of information that advertisers and other third parties may have collected from you on other sites .
Many of the same companies are members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below .
When you opt-out of a network , you may receive an `` opt-out '' cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future .
You will continue to receive ads from that network , but not behaviorally targeted ads .
If you erase your browser 's cookies , you may need to perform this process again .
When you select this option , SpotXchange sets a persistent `` opt-out cookie '' to prevent information from being uniquely associated with your browser .
We have contracted with ValueClick to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement 'click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on our site .
Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors .
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the advertiser .
Our ad server , AdTech , uses cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad too many times .
To manage or delete browser cookies , please see your browser 's privacy settings .
As a benefit of membership , Britannica site subscribers may receive the following communications from us :
Communications related to subscription maintenance activities .
These communications may include , without limitation , notices regarding material changes to Britannica site policies , service updates , service enhancements , and account management procedures .
Since these communications are necessary to ensure Britannica provides its subscribers with the highest quality of services , our subscribers are not permitted to opt out from receipt of these communications .
As a benefit of a Britannica subscription , we may send Britannica subscribers our exclusive Britannica newsletters .
To unsubscribe to a newsletter , a User can either ( i ) follow the instructions at the bottom of any newsletter or ( ii ) follow the instructions set forth below in `` How to Opt Out , Correct , Update , or Remove Personal Information . ''
Communications containing information about Britannica products and services .
We may send promotional e-mails and other outbound communications to Britannica site subscribers regarding products and services from Britannica .
Any Britannica site subscriber that does not wish to receive such product and service communications can choose to remove his or her contact information from our contact list at any time by ( i ) following the instructions at the bottom of any promotional e-mail or ( ii ) following the instructions set forth below in `` How to Opt Out , Correct , Update , or Remove Personal Information . ''
Children should always ask parents for permission before providing any Personal Information to Britannica or purchasing any products or services from Britannica .
Britannica does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from or about children under 16 , except as permitted by law .
If we discover we have received any Personal Information from a child under 16 in violation of this policy , we will delete that information immediately .
We use appropriate measures to ensure the security of all information you provide to us , including the use of passwords , firewalls , and encryption .
No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors may compromise data security .
How to Opt Out , Correct , Update , or Remove Personal Information
Users may opt out of certain services or correct , update , or remove Personal Information that Britannica has collected about them through any of the means listed below .
Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence :
Your first and last name
Your mailing address ( street , city , state , zip code , and country )
The name of the Britannica site to which the request applies
Call us at :
( 800 ) 323-1229 ( within the United States ) , or
( 312 ) 347-7159 ( outside the United States )
Monday - Friday , 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. ( U.S. Central Time ) .
Send a fax to : ( 312 ) 294-2104
Write us at :
Britannica Customer Service , Attn : Removal from Mailing List
331 North LaSalle Street
Chicago , IL 60654-2682
Please allow up to six ( 6 ) weeks for mailed-in or faxed opt-out requests to be processed .
Links to Other Websites .
The Britannica sites each contain links to other websites .
Britannica is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party websites .
We urge all Britannica site Users to follow safe Internet practices : Do not supply Personal Information to these sites unless you have verified their security and privacy policies .
We retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations .
Your Consent and Changes to Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 12 , 2012 .
By using any one of the Britannica sites , you consent to the collection and use of your information by Britannica in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here or on with a notice on our home page .
Your California Privacy Rights .
If you are a California resident , you are entitled to prevent sharing of your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes through a cost-free means .
If you send a request to the address above , Britannica will provide you with a California Customer Choice Notice that you may use to opt-out of such information sharing .
To receive this notice , submit a written request to the address above under the `` How to Opt Out '' section , specifying that you seek your `` California Customer Choice Notice . ''
Please allow at least thirty ( 30 ) days for a response .
For more information , please contact us at : Encyclopaedia Britannica , Inc .

This privacy policy applies only to the websites and applications controlled by Discovery Communications , Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( `` Discovery , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) where this privacy policy is posted ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) .
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by Discovery through any other means .
For details on the information collected and used from children under the age of 13 , click here .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information , such as your IP address or cookies .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
Discovery collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites :
We may collect your email address , first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter ;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ;
We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and
We may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product at the Discovery Store .
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites .
If you do not want Discovery to collect your personally identifiable information , please do not provide it to us .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
`` Non-Personally Identifiable Information '' can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender or interests .
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites .
Cookie -- A `` cookie '' is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites .
For example , when someone visits a page within the Sites , a cookie is placed on the user 's machine ( if the user accepts cookies ) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously .
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie , or you may choose to block cookies with your browser , but if you do , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites .
Web Beacons ( also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` web bugs '' or `` pixel tags '' ) -- `` Web Beacons '' are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages .
Demographic Information -- `` Demographic Information '' may be your gender , age , zip code and interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
For example , we offer personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel , TLC , Animal Planet , Discovery Health Channel or any of our other TV offerings if you tell us which programs and topics you 're interested in .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites .
Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , such as educational programs , information , newsletters or software you request or purchase ;
To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from Discovery , or other third parties , or to forward promotional materials ;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you ;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion ;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Visitor Agreement , if necessary ;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites ; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( except with respect to non-personally identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13 ) .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :
( i ) To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to watch an educational program on the Sites , we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the program to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion .
( ii ) To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information .
( iii ) To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on Discovery 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personally identifiable information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us .
( iv ) To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
( v ) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of Discovery and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users .
( vi ) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
( vii ) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
( viii ) To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above , in the Section A ( 2 ) .
We may share this non-personal information with third parties .
Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13
( 1 ) Collection of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
In most instances , Discovery will only request the first name and email address of the child in order to complete an immediate request from the child .
The information that is collected will only be used for the requested purpose and will be deleted immediately .
Discovery will not store or otherwise use that information .
Here are some examples of instances in which Discovery may immediately delete the child 's information after the completion of the child 's initial request :
If the child emails an inquiry ;
If the child participates in a game ;
If the child refers a game to a friend , we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend 's first name and email address ;
If the child wants to receive a postcard on one occasion ; and
If the child sends a postcard to a friend on one occasion , we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend 's first name and email address .
From time to time , we may request limited personally identifiable information from kids in order to offer a service , a promotion or other activity to the kids .
In such an instance , we will request that the child provide his or her email address , as well as the email address of his or her parent or legal guardian ( `` parent '' ) .
Discovery will use that email address to send the parent an email letting him or her know about the child 's contact .
The email will include details on how the parent may ( i ) provide Discovery with consent ; ( ii ) prohibit Discovery from any further contact with the child ; or ( iii ) delete the child 's personally identifiable information .
Discovery will not collect more information than is reasonably necessary for the child to participate in the activity at issue .
Below are some examples of instances in which we may collect the first name and email address from kids on the Sites and require parental consent :
If the child wants to enter a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion ; and
If the child wants to receive newsletters on a recurring basis .
( 2 ) Use of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
When we collect personally identifiable information from kids , we will only use that information for the express purpose for which it was collected .
For example , if a child enters a sweepstakes , we will request the parent 's information ( as described in Section D ( 1 ) ) and will only use the child 's email address to enter the child into the sweepstakes , to notify the parent of the child 's entry , and to identify and notify the child if he or she is a potential winner .
The personally identifiable information will not be used for any other purpose , and the personally identifiable information will not be used after the promotion is complete .
( 3 ) Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
Except as provided in this Section , we do not share personally identifiable information collected from kids with any unaffiliated third parties .
We may , however , share a child 's personally identifiable information that we have collected with parental consent in the following limited instances :
We may share such information with third-party service providers who help Discovery maintain the Sites and provide other administrative services to us .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties may not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose , and these unaffiliated third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of the personally identifiable information .
If your child is selected as a potential winner of one of our contests or sweepstakes , we will notify the parent , via the email address that the child submitted .
If the parent consents , we will collect and share this information in order to fulfill the terms of the promotion .
Finally , we may disclose kids ' personally identifiable information to third parties if we believe we are required to do so in order to comply with law ( including court orders and subpoenas ) ; to comply with requests from law enforcement agencies or the government ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; to protect our rights , privacy , safety or property and the rights , privacy , safety or property of our employees or other users of our Sites ; to protect our operations ; and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
( 4 ) Non Personally Identifiable Information
We collect and store the non-personally identifiable information that is described in Section A2 of this privacy policy .
We do not , however , link this information to personally identifiable information when it is collected from kids .
( 5 ) Note to Parents and Legal Guardians
Please contact Discovery at any time regarding privacy questions or concerns , or to request to review what personally identifiable information we have collected from a child .
Parents may also contact us at any time to request that we delete the personally identifiable information of a child or a parent and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of a child 's information .
We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child 's information is that child 's parent or guardian .
Discovery Communications , Inc .
Silver Spring , MD 20910
Phone : ( 240 ) 662-2000 ( Legal )
International Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Discovery may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :
the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
We communicate with users who subscribe to our services on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this Site or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties .
The opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of the email .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
Third Party Web Sites
This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites .
The Sites may contain links to other web sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites .
We may use advertisers , third party ad networks , and other advertising companies , to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information and Privacy Preferences
We provide you with an opportunity to access your personally identifiable information to ensure it is correct , accurate and current .
To edit your personally identifiable information , please contact our customer service representatives at 1-800-889-9950 .
If for any reason you are not able to update or edit your personally identifiable information at this page , you can access such information by contacting us as described below .
We will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request .
In the event that all or part of our assets or sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time .
When we do , we will also revise the `` last update '' date at the bottom of this privacy policy .
For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us , we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites .
We will also notify parents if we change the kinds of information that we collect from kids and materially alter our practices of sharing and using this information .
We will not collect , use or share the information without parental consent .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Discovery is done at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems .
We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software .
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites .
We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
Some parts of the Sites require that personally identifiable information be submitted in order to participate .
For example , if you want to receive one of our newsletters , you must give us your email address .
Some parts of the Sites will have an age-screening mechanism to prevent kids from registering .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register with any of our Sites , or to access those features that require registration , except as explicitly disclosed herein .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen other than in a legally permissible situation , we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it .
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding Discovery 's disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us :
Discovery Communications , Inc .
Silver Spring , MD 20910
Phone : ( 240 ) 662-2000 ( Legal )
Last Updated On : Wednesday , September 10 , 2008

Mattel , Inc .
Online Privacy Statement and Children 's Privacy Statement
View our Children 's Privacy Practices
Updated June 27 , 2013 .
This Privacy Statement applies to the web Sites and Mobile Apps or Apps ( defined below ) provided by Mattel , Inc. and its subsidiaries in the U.S. , including , without limitation , Fisher-Price , Inc. and American Girl Brands , LLC ( collectively , `` Mattel '' , `` we '' , `` our '' , or `` us '' ) .
This Privacy Statement governs your use of our Sites and Apps , regardless of how you access or use them .
By Sites , we mean any website or URL of ours that we have linked to this Privacy Statement and all features , applications , content , and downloads that are operated by us and that are available through the Sites , and by Mobile Apps and Apps , we mean our products and services that we make available via mobile telecommunications platforms and/or through social networking platforms or app stores , with the exception of Sites and Apps made available by HIT Entertainment Limited ( HIT ) .
( Please review the HIT privacy policy and other web site terms and conditions as they may differ . )
Each time you access and/or use the Sites or Apps , you agree to be bound by and comply with all of the terms of this Privacy Statement .
Therefore , do not use the Sites or Apps if you do not agree to all of the terms of this Privacy Statement .
If you are visiting the Sites , please also review the Sites ' Terms and Conditions of Website Use .
We want you and your family to have fun surfing all our Sites and using our Apps , and urge you and your family to follow common sense whenever disclosing personal information - on this Site or anywhere else .
We encourage you to review our complete Privacy Statement in detail , as it includes important information , but provided is a short summary for convenience .
You can also link to specific topics by using our Table of Contents .
We take many special precautions to protect the privacy of children under 13 .
At our websites , online services or apps intended for children , we do not collect personal contact information ( like full name , e-mail address , phone number or home address ) from children without the consent of a parent or legal guardian , except in limited circumstances authorized by law .
We collect some information ( like IP address , mobile device UDID , operating system , etc . ) automatically and use technology like cookies to provide functionality and support our operations .
Mattel does not permit interest-based advertising on Sites or Apps directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a child is under 13 .
We do not ask for more personal information than is necessary for a child to participate in an activity .
We take steps to prevent children from posting or publicly disclosing personal contact information .
Parents can ask us to update or delete their children 's information .
WHAT WE COLLECT - ADULTS AND TEENS
We collect information from adults and teens to serve your needs , manage our content and advertising , operate efficiently , and improve our products and services .
We collect personal contact information , like e-mail address or phone number , from consumers 13 or older when voluntarily submitted , including when needed to fulfill transactions .
Registration may be required to use some Sites , services or Apps .
We may obtain information from commercial sources and combine it with information we have collected .
Certain information may be collected automatically at our Sites or Apps , like your IP address , UDID , browser setting , operating system , referring domain , language preferences , mobile carrier if you are using a mobile device , general location ( e.g. , zip code , but not specific address without consent ) and other information .
Third parties may also collect certain information via our Sites or Apps .
You may be able to post or upload content , like comments , reviews , photos , etc .
Registration may be required .
At kids ' Sites , filtering technology is used to prevent children from posting personal contact information without parental consent .
Our Sites , services and Apps use technology , like cookies and web beacons , to manage registrations or access to certain features , store your settings and preferences , conduct age-screening , offer you personalized content , shop , help us understand the features that appeal to visitors , and manage advertising , among other things .
We also work with third parties who offer analytics or deliver targeted ads online or through Apps .
They use technology and collect device identifiers , such as your IP address or mobile UDID , and information on your activities , to do so .
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads but will still see ads , although they may be less relevant to you .
Tools are available to help you control some of these technologies .
We use all information we collect to provide and improve our products and services , understand our consumers , and manage content and advertising .
We respect your choices about receiving promotional offers and updates from us .
Your device may allow you to block or manage push notifications , location information , in-app purchases , or ability to access the web .
We may share information :
Within our family of companies , and with our agents and service providers .
With third parties for marketing purposes , with your consent , except , as is customary with catalogue businesses , we will share mailing addresses ( but not e-mail addresses ) with other catalogue companies whose products and services may be of interest to you unless you opt out .
As necessary to satisfy a legal request , protect property or personal safety , when a business is bought or sold , or as otherwise allowed or required by law .
Mattel Sites or Apps may link to or use other content from the Internet , including content offered by third parties that we do not control and whose privacy and data collection practices may differ from ours .
Your computer or mobile device settings may allow you to block or partially block web access , but those settings may not be effective in all cases .
We strive to maintain the security of information but can not guarantee that information security measures are fail-safe Read more
OUR LOCATION ; DATA TRANSFERS
This Site and the servers that make this Site available may not be located in your country of residence and are governed by U.S. law .
By using this Site , you agree to the transfer , collection , processing and use of data by this Site and us .
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting the updated Privacy Statement online .
We will not change how we handle previously collected information without providing notice .
If you are a resident of California , you have certain rights.Read more
We strive always to be transparent and clear about our policies .
Please contact us if you have questions .
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS
A SPECIAL NOTE TO KIDS
What Are Mattel 's Children 's Privacy Practices ?
What Information Is Collected from Children Under 13 and How Is It Used ?
Can My Child Access the Web Through Your Sites or Apps ?
Can I Access , Update and Review Information You Have About My Child ?
What Are Mattel 's Privacy Practices for Consumers 13 and Older ?
What Personal Contact Information Is Collected from Consumers 13 and Older ?
What Information Is Collected When I Shop Online , Download Apps or Use a Wireless Service ?
Can I Post or Upload Content at Mattel Websites ?
Does Mattel Collect Information Automatically or through Technology , Like Cookies and Pixel Tags , and What Choices Do I Have ?
What Does Mattel Do With The Information It Collects ?
How Can I Update or Change My Preferences About How Mattel Contacts Me ?
Does Mattel Share Information About Me With Others ?
Can I Link to the Internet from Your Websites and Apps ?
What Security Measures Does Mattel Take to Safeguard Personal Information ?
Will My Information Be Transferred to Another Country ?
How Will I Know If You 've Updated Your Privacy Statement ?
What are My California Privacy Rights ?
Who Can I Contact with Questions ?
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS :
Mattel adheres to the U.S. Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) and the guidelines of the Children 's Advertising Review Unit ( CARU ) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus , Inc. in our web Sites , online services and Apps directed to children under 13 .
Wherever we refer to children or a child in this Privacy Statement , we mean children under 13 .
Please help us protect your children 's privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information ( like their full name , e-mail address , home address , telephone number , etc . ) without your permission .
A SPECIAL NOTE TO KIDS
If you are under 13 , you should get your parent 's or legal guardian 's permission before giving out your contact information , like e-mail address or phone number , or any other personal information , to Mattel or to anyone else .
What Are Mattel 's Children 's Privacy Practices ?
At our web Sites , online services or Apps directed to children under 13 , we do not collect personal contact information ( like full name , e-mail address , phone number or home address ) without consent of a parent or legal guardian except in special , limited circumstances described below .
We do not ask for more information than is necessary for a child to participate in the activity .
We take steps to prevent children from posting or publicly disclosing personal contact information , like name , phone number or e-mail address , online , without parental consent .
What Information Does Mattel Collect from Children Under 13 and How Is It Used ?
To participate in special activities , like scavenger hunts , personalized pages , games or clubs , we might ask your child to `` register . ''
They can often do so anonymously by just providing a first name or user name , and password .
When we ask for your child 's first name , we encourage them to use a `` screen name '' ( not their real name ) that only they know .
Sometimes we will ask your child to make up a special password so that only they can see their customized areas on the Site .
We use technology , like cookies , to recognize visitors by their user name when they revisit our Site and to screen for age in accordance with COPPA .
We may also use technology for similar purposes in our Apps .
We may sometimes need a child 's e-mail address and/or your e-mail address .
We may ask a child for your e-mail address so we can notify you of your child 's interest in our Site .
If we need more than just your child 's first name ( or screen name ) and e-mail address for your child to participate in a particular online activity or App , we will ask your child for your e-mail or mailing address so that we can notify you of your child 's request and get your permission .
When we ask for your permission , we will tell you what we will do with the information you or your child provides us , and how you can review your child 's information and ask us to delete the information .
With your verifiable consent , we may collect other personal information from your child such as a last name or home address when the information is necessary for a particular activity .
We do n't keep your ( or your child 's ) e-mail address unless you tell us it is okay .
If social networking opportunities are available at our children 's websites , they are structured so that no personal information is shared between visitors or verifiable parental consent is obtained .
Mattel might collect an e-mail address and first name ( or screen name ) from your child under 13 without your consent , but only in the following special cases :
If a child sends a request to us , we keep their e-mail address for long enough to respond to them .
Mattel deletes this information from our system after we answer their question .
In the case of send a friend e-mails , we do not ask for your child 's e-mail address and only use the friends ' e-mail address to send the message .
If a child signs up for an e-mail newsletter or other activity that requires multiple online contacts with the child , we also ask the child for a parent 's or legal guardian 's e-mail address so we can notify you and give you an opportunity to opt out .
Occasionally , Mattel has special activities or promotions , like sweepstakes or contests that are open to children .
We ask your child to give us your e-mail address , so that we can tell you that they have registered in a promotion or for a service .
If we need more than an e-mail address and first name ( or screen name ) to enter your child in the promotion , award a prize , or offer the service , we will notify you , explain what information we need and why , and generally ask that you ( not your child ) provide it .
For instance , we might ask you for your mailing address so that we can send to you , for your child , any prizes your child wins , or for your phone number so that we can contact you if your child has won .
Any information we receive from you or your child in the above special circumstances will be deleted from our database once the promotion , program or activity is concluded , and after any legally required period for keeping such information is complete .
We may offer enhanced services , including subscription-based services , which require a parent to register and establish the appropriate permission level for the child .
Content and activities available may vary depending on the service and Site .
Parents will be provided with information on the type of content and activities their child may access at the time they register and are always in charge of their child 's account .
Subscription fees may apply for some services .
We may ask for certain information that is not personally identifiable , like city and state , birthdate , gender , hobbies , etc . to help us understand our visitors .
We also use technology to facilitate the ability to play games , to recognize returning visitors , for research , and for other purposes , including to screen under-age visitors from certain features or areas intended for older visitors , and to collect certain information automatically .
Read more We require our advertising service partners to comply with self-regulatory guidelines on targeted advertising .
Mattel does not permit interest-based advertising on Sites directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a child is under 13 .
Can My Child Access the Web Through Your Sites or Apps ?
Your child can navigate to the general Internet through most of our Sites , services and Apps .
Apps must typically be downloaded from an app store .
Your computer or mobile device may enable you to restrict your child 's ability to visit other areas on the Internet and to make purchases online or through Apps .
App stores generally require an adult mobile device owner to register to download or make purchases .
Some Apps may offer options to visit an online store to make a product purchase .
We encourage you to spend time with your children when they are online or using any mobile device so you understand the sites , activities and apps they are engaged in , and to adopt available device and browser controls that reflect your preferences about your children 's ability to access the Internet or make purchases online .
Can I Access , Update and Review Information You Have About My Child ?
Upon proper identification , a parent or legal guardian may review the personal information we have collected about their child , update their child 's contact details , request deletion , or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information .
Click here to print a copy of our Children 's Personal Information Access Request , fill it out completely and mail it to the address indicated on the form.p >
Please note , however , if you ask us to delete your child 's information , your child may not be able to participate in some online or App activities .
What Are Mattel 's Privacy Practices for Consumers 13 Or Older ?
You do not have to share any personal information ( like full name , e-mail address , home address , telephone number , etc . ) to view our websites or Apps , but most of our Sites for people over the age of 13 , like our collector and e-commerce Sites , contain special sections and privileges for members who register .
( App stores are run by third parties and may require that you register to download or purchase an App . )
We may also collect information from you offline , such as when you order a catalogue , participate in a sweepstakes or contest , or make a purchase at one of our stores .
We may obtain customer lists , demographic and other information about you from commercial sources .
We also use technology to collect certain information automatically , like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( which is the automatic number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider when you surf the Web , or unique device identifier ( UDID ) , international mobile equipment identity ( IMEI ) , mobile equipment identifier ( MEID ) or media access control MAC ) address ; computer operating system ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows , Mac OS ) ; your browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox ) ; websites visited before or after you visit our Site ; pages viewed and activities at our Site ; and advertisements shown or clicked on .
On Sites for adults and teens , we may combine all information we have collected to better understand your needs , improve our Sites , products and services , manage content and advertising , send you offers and information , and better serve you .
We may offer parents the opportunity to manage their children 's registration and activities , and to receive reports , messages and product recommendations related to their children 's interactions with our Sites or Apps .
What Personal Contact Information Does Mattel Collect from Consumers 13 and Older ?
We do not collect any personal contact information from you when you visit our Sites unless it is voluntarily provided , for instance when signing a guest book , registering for contests , sweepstakes , community areas , downloads , or free demos , completing our online customer surveys or purchasing products .
The personal information we ask for is usually first and last name , mailing address , phone number and an e-mail address .
We may offer you the ability to receive information via SMS or MMS ; by providing your mobile phone or similar number , you agree to receive information on your mobile device .
Please note that your service provider may impose fees to send or receive messages .
We may also ask you to help us understand your interests by providing demographic information , like age , gender , or ZIP code , or information on hobbies and interests .
You may be able to submit a resume and apply for a job at some of our corporate Sites .
What Information Does Mattel Collect When I Shop Online , Download Apps or Use a Wireless Service ?
Mattel Online Stores .
We may offer opportunities to purchase products in our e-stores , Apps , or through other media or business partners .
Customers must be over the age of 18 with a valid credit card to purchase .
In addition , only a parent or guardian can register children under age 13 to participate in enhanced subscription services or certain community features at our websites .
Some of our Sites allow visitors to create a Wish List and may require personal information .
When a customer puts an item in a shopping cart , places an order or requests a catalogue online , we collect information associated with the transaction , including the customer 's name , mailing address , products ordered , shipping address , and credit card information , as well as ship-to information if products are intended for someone other than the purchasing customer .
Customers have the option of registering certain information for future orders with our Site while completing their online order .
For customers who choose to register , we will capture login name , password , name and mailing address , billing address , alternate ship-to addresses , and credit card information .
Enhanced subscription services at some of our websites may be available to you on behalf of your child for a monthly or other fee .
To register your child , we will ask you to provide your child 's screen or user name and password in addition to your contact details and credit card information so we can assist you in managing your child 's account .
We may also offer you the option to be billed automatically for subscription service fees .
If you elect to automatically renew a subscription , we or our trusted service providers will retain your registration information , including your credit card information , so we can process your request .
When registered customers return to the Site to place subsequent orders , they can identify themselves with their login name and password .
If a customer provides a child 's birth date and e-mail address , this information will only be used to help us provide products and services that meet customer needs .
When a customer places an order online , we will send a confirming e-mail message .
We may also send an occasional e-mail featuring a special promotion or product that may be of interest to customers .
Any customer who prefers not to receive an online order confirmation or promotional e-mail may indicate this preference on the online store order form .
If you do receive commercial e-mails from us that you would rather not receive , simply follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions included in each message .
When a visitor places an order or registers on a site where transactions are handled by a third party vendor , those transactions are conducted through the vendor 's website .
You should be sure to review the third party 's website terms and conditions and privacy policy before submitting any personal information or engaging in any transactions through the third party site , as we are not responsible for any transactions made with third parties , or for any content , terms and conditions , or privacy policies of such third parties .
Apps and App Stores
We offer a variety of fun and engaging apps featuring our brands , but when you download or purchase an App , or make an in-App purchase , you do so through a third party mobile application online store .
You may be required to register with the mobile app store and be logged on before you can download or purchase an app or make in-app purchase of another product using the app .
When downloading an app , or using an app with on-line features through your mobile platform , the app provider will typically also collect certain device and app-related information .
Mattel does not control the requirements or policies of app stores ; you should review the privacy policy and terms of use of the mobile app stores before downloading or using any app , and check your device settings for control options .
With Apps , you may be able to :
- Use your built-in mobile device settings and controls to
- Block navigation to the web by turning off network access on the device or turning off the browser .
Access to or availability of controls may vary depending on your device .
We may offer visitors the opportunity to register to receive offers , information and updates , participate in a contest or sweepstakes , or engage in other activities via text messaging or other wireless service .
To register , visitors may be required to provide a wireless phone number , the name of their carrier , type of device , wireless e-mail address , or other information .
Visitors must meet age and eligibility criteria to participate and must opt in to receive messages by sending a code , word , symbol or other information via a text message as directed in an offer , or by submitting a wireless phone number online at a registration area .
To receive wireless services , visitors must confirm their understanding that they will be charged by their carrier to send and receive messages according to their applicable service plan .
They may be asked to reconfirm such agreement .
Standard messaging rates will apply unless otherwise indicated ; if premium rates apply , visitors will be notified before registration .
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any charges incurred by any visitor or anyone with access to such visitor 's device or account related to use of any wireless messaging services offered by Mattel .
Can I Post or Upload Content at Mattel Websites ?
Some of our Sites offer the opportunity for visitors to post or upload reviews , comments , videos or pictures , or engage in interactive features .
Registration may be required .
If social networking opportunities are available at our children 's websites , they are structured so that no personal information is shared between visitors unless verifiable parental consent is obtained .
Special rules may apply to social networking activities , so be sure to carefully review any additional posted rules , as well as our Terms and Conditions .
What Information is Collected through Technology , Like Cookies and Pixel Tags , and What Choices Do I Have ?
Mattel and its agents or service providers or business partners may receive and store certain information automatically when you visit our Sites , use an online service or download or use a mobile App .
This may include information on your browser type and operating system , the pages that you view , referring sites ( sites you visited before you came to our site and sites you go to after you visit our site ) , IP addresses , or unique device identifiers associated with mobile devices , smart phones , etc .
This information allows us to count the total number of `` hits '' on our Sites or installation and frequency of use of our Apps .
We collect certain information using technology , like cookies and pixel tags .
We may also use Flash cookies in connection with some games or other content to store game and activity progress for the Flash player or to store bandwidth information for the performance of the Flash player .
The information stored in any Flash cookie deployed on this Site does not include your name .
Third party analytics and advertising networks also use cookies , web beacons , pixel tags , clear GIFs and other technology to collect certain information automatically .
Advertising networks may use this information to serve you targeted ads for products and services that , based on your activities , are likely to be of interest to you ( interest-based advertising ) .
Mattel does not permit interest-based advertising on Sites directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a child is under 13 .
Other business partners , like social media sites , may also use cookies and similar technology to collect certain information about your visits to our Sites through social media plug-ins .
You may have the option to log in to one of our websites using your social media user name and password ; if so , the social media operator ( e.g. , Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , etc . ) may be able to link your activities at our Site to your registration information .
Find out more about these technologies and how you can control their use below .
A `` cookie '' is a small file that does not contain personally identifiable information and is saved on your computer or mobile device .
Cookies help improve your user experience , and allow us to analyze our Sites and Apps and manage our advertising .
Our cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited ; they allow you to personalize your pages and us to customize our offerings ; and they help you to participate in some activities or events on our Sites .
For instance , some of our Sites have scavenger or treasure hunts , and we need to use cookies to keep track of your progress .
If you leave our Site and then return , cookies will tell us what things you have already collected so that you do not have to start all over again .
Cookies can also keep track of items in your shopping cart and wish list in our online stores , and may be used to help you engage in other activities , like comparison shopping .
We also use cookies to help us figure out how many people visit our Sites , which of our Web pages they go to and how long they stay there .
This information helps us figure out which of our Web features are successes and what Sites might need improvement .
For administrative purposes , we collect IP addresses .
Certain Internet service providers may assign the same IP address to many users .
The IP address allows us to count the total number of `` hits '' on our sites .
Your IP address and cookies are not connected to any personally identifiable or online contact information , like a name or email address , unless you register or order at our online stores ; however , if you register at our online stores , all information we collect will be associated with your customer file .
You can set your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or turn off all cookies ( except Flash cookies see below ) through your Internet browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer or Safari ) .
Check your browser 's Help menu or your built-in mobile device settings to find out how .
Some mobile devices store cookies not only in areas connected to the browser , but also in areas that are app-specific so these cookies can not be controlled by the browser settings .
Check your app settings options on your mobile device to find out how to manage or delete cookies that may be stored in these other areas .
Please note that if you do not accept cookies , some features or activities may not be available to you .
Flash cookies , also known as local shared objects ( LSOs ) , are built for use with Adobe Flash Player .
LSOs act like cookies in that they store information to provide you with a more customized experience , but LSOs can store complex data that cookies can not , and LSOs are not deleted or rejected if you set your browser to delete or reject cookies .
The information stored in any LSO deployed by our Sites do not include your name .
Although browser settings will not allow you to manage LSOs , you may be able to manage them in other ways .
Web Beacons , Pixel tags or clear GIFs
We also use other technology , called web beacons , pixel tags or clear GIFs , to provide us with other important anonymous information , such as when an e-mail has been opened .
Companies that advertise on our Sites may also place web beacons in their ads to help develop statistics on the effectiveness of advertising at our Sites .
We do not control web beacons in third party ads .
When downloading an App ( or using an App that relies on online features made available through your mobile platform ) , the app store will collect certain device and app-related information .
Mattel does not control the data collection or privacy practices of those stores .
You should review the privacy policy and terms of use of any mobile application store before downloading or using any app and review and use available controls and settings on your device to reflect your preferences .
For some Apps or services , we or our third party service and content providers and analytics companies may collect location information , including location information provided either by a mobile device interacting with one of our Apps or associated with your IP address or WiFi network .
These features might enable you to engage in activities like find a nearby store or play certain games , for example .
You can generally limit or prohibit the collection of location information by using the built-in settings on your mobile device .
You will typically be notified if the App or service collects location information and given a chance to agree .
We do not permit collection of precise location information ( actual address ) in mobile Apps without your consent .
Child-directed Apps do not collect precise location information .
Website and Mobile App Analytics
We or our agents and service partners may use cookies and web beacons to analyze the effectiveness of our Sites , services and Apps .
This typically involves collecting your IP address or UDID and information on your activities , like the sites you visit or frequency of use of an App .
We require these providers to commit to maintaining the anonymity of this information .
You may be able to opt out of data collection or use by some third party analytics companies who work with us .
Contact us if you would like information on our third party analytics service providers .
Mattel may work with third party online or mobile network advertisers that use cookies , pixels , or transparent GIF files to help us manage advertising at our Sites or Apps intended for people over the age of 13 , and measure its effectiveness .
This includes our collector Sites and online stores .
GIF files enable third party ad networks to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser or mobile device .
The cookie may be placed by us , or by another advertiser that works with our third party network advertiser .
The information that we collect and share in this fashion is de-identified and not personally identifiable .
It does not contain your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
However , it may keep track of the sites you have visited that are associated with the ad network .
This information may be used for the purpose of targeting advertisements on our Sites and other sites based on those interests , and to learn which ads bring users to our Sites .
We support the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance .
As part of this service , our online advertisements and Web sites are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers understand how their data is being used and provide choice options to consumers that want more control .
For more information about our network advertisers , including information about how to opt out of technologies that they control , please follow the directions on the AdChoices icon within any interest or behavior based advertisement .
Some of our Sites may also include the AdChoices icon on the home page .
You can also visit websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance to access opt-out tools available from those participating in the program .
Participating network advertisers will be listed at those sites .
Opting out means that you will still see ads , but they may not be tailored to your specific interests .
Please note : your opt-out choices are browser-specific and device-specific .
Social Media Platforms and Plugins
If you are a member of a social media network , like Facebook , a cookie may be sent to that network when you access a page of our Site or an App that links to their website through a plugin ( such as Facebook 's Like or Google +1 buttons ) , register or log into your account at their platform , or use your social media user name and password to log into our Site where you have the option to do so .
That may enable them and us to link your activities with your personal registration information at their site , and may include notifying your friends or connections about your activities at our Site , and using tracking technologies to monitor your online activities in order to serve targeted ads .
The social media networks ' privacy policy and terms apply to your use of their platforms .
Your browser or device may allow you to block these technologies but you should visit the third party website and review their privacy policy and your registration profile or account to find out your options .
What Does Mattel Do With The Information It Collects ?
We use the personal information we collect for the purposes indicated at the time it is provided .
For instance , we use contest registration information to notify contest winners ; if you purchase a product , we use the information to fulfill your order .
If you shop online at one of our stores , you will automatically receive a catalogue unless you opt out .
We share your catalogue mailing address ( but not your e-mail address ) with carefully selected companies whose products or services may interest you .
Occasionally , we might also send e-mail or postal mail about upcoming Mattel products , Site updates , or promotions .
We may also share information with other Mattel brands and Mattel family companies so that they can let you and your family know about products that might be of interest .
Information that we or our agents or service providers collect using technology is used to help us understand our visitors , improve our products and services , manage our content and advertising , fulfill requests , measure the effectiveness or our advertising , maintain Site security , and protect intellectual property .
How Can I Update or Change My Preferences About How Mattel Contacts Me ?
If you want to stop receiving promotional updates or product information at any time , or would like to update your contact information , just contact us here .
Our mailings and e-mail will also include information on how to opt-out in the future .
E-mail opt-out requests will be processed in 10 business days .
Postal mailing opt-out requests may take longer .
Does Mattel Share Information About Me With Others ?
We may share information within our family of companies , and with our agents and service providers .
Except as described in this Privacy Statement , we never share personal information that we receive online from or about children under 13 with other companies outside the Mattel family of companies for their direct marketing purposes .
We share names and mailing addresses of catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you .
You can opt out at any time .
With your consent , Mattel shares e-mail addresses with outside companies that offer products or services that may interest you .
We will remove your name from the list we provide to outside companies if you contact us at :
Third parties that provide database or server maintenance or security , manage transactions , help us process and fulfill orders or requests , assist us in analyzing our offerings , or provide other similar services to Mattel may access certain information .
If we do provide access , we require those other companies to sign confidentiality agreements promising to keep secret any information they see .
If Mattel believes that anyone 's behavior on our Sites may damage us , our Sites , or any person or property , we may disclose the relevant personal information to prevent such harm .
In that case , we might try to identify the wrongdoer , contact them or bring legal action against them .
We may also disclose personal information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law , or in response to a legal request .
Can I Link to the Internet from Your Websites and Apps ?
Mattel Sites or Apps may allow you to link to , access or use other content from the Internet , including content offered by third parties that we do not control .
Some sites , services or apps may use cookies to personally identify you or link information to registration at their site , including some social networking sites .
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy and terms of use of any website , online service or app that you visit , as Mattel is not responsible for the actions of these third parties .
Your computer or mobile device settings may allow you to block or partially block web access , but such settings may not be effective in all cases .
What Security Measures Does Mattel Take to Safeguard Personal Information ?
We and our agents and affiliates use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect credit card data during transmission to our Sites , and adopt internal procedures to safeguard this information in our systems .
We require our service providers and vendors to adhere to industry-accepted best practices to safeguard personal information they handle .
However , no method is 100 % secure .
While we strive to protect your information through commercially reasonable means , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
When you create a password and log-in name , we recommend that you combine letters and numbers that will be difficult for others to duplicate or guess .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished , especially when using a shared computer .
Will My Information Be Transferred to Another Country ?
This Site , the servers that make this Site available , and databases where we house information may not be located in your country of residence , and applicable privacy laws may differ .
However , we take reasonable steps to safeguard personal information as outlined in this Privacy Statement .
By using this Site , you agree to the transfer , collection , processing and use of data as set forth in this Privacy Statement , our Terms and Conditions , and any other terms provided at the time of collection .
How Will I Know If You 've Updated Your Privacy Statement ?
Please remember that we may update our Privacy Statement from time to time .
When this happens , we will notify you of the new provisions by posting them on our Sites .
Our Privacy Statement provides examples of data we collect , how we use it , and choices you can exercise ; these examples may not be exhaustive or exclusive .
We will not make a material change in how we handle personal information previously collected without notice .
What Are My California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code 1798.83 , California residents have the right to receive , once a year , information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year , and a description of the categories of personal information shared .
To make such a request , please complete and send us the Privacy Request Form .
We will respond to you within 30 days of receiving such a request .
Who Can I Contact With Questions
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact us !
For Mattel and Fisher-Price :
Mattel , Inc .
East Aurora , NY 14052
In the U.S. : 800-524-TOYS ( 800-524-8697 )
In Canada : 800-665-6288
For American Girl :
Middleton , WI 53562-0497
Thanks for reading our Privacy Statement .
We hope you have a better understanding of the many activities we offer and the ways in which we are working to protect your privacy when you visit our Sites or use our online services or Apps .

We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy .
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for the Mediabistro Network .
The `` Mediabistro Network '' includes all Web pages , newsletters , discussion forums and lists and opt-in announcement lists owned or operated by Mediabistro Inc. and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Site '' ) home page ( collectively hereafter `` Mediabistro '' ) .
By accessing the Mediabistro Network , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy as follows :
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it ?
Do you collect IP addresses ?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer 's `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Mediabistro Network , our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor 's domain name and IP address .
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our Sites .
We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate , and to investigate misuse of the Mediabistro Network , its users , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals .
Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors .
What are cookies ?
From time to time , Mediabistro or its advertisers may send a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie ca n't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites .
Cookies do not damage your system .
We use cookies to identify which areas of Mediabistro 's Network you have visited or customized , so the next time you visit , those pages may be readily accessible .
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you 've seen an advertisement .
Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content , banners , and promotions that you see on our Site .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies , or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent .
If you choose not to accept these cookies , your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended .
How do you use single-pixel gifs ?
Mediabistro , its third party service providers and advertisers may use single-pixel gif images , sometimes referred to as web bugs or Web beacons , to count Web page accesses and gather some general statistical information .
Mediabistro does not gather personal information through the use of these images .
Our advertisers and third party providers may use single-pixel gifs that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user 's computer .
Mediabistro also uses various third party providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information from visitors to our Web sites in order to continuously improve the quality of our sites and services to you .
What personal information do you collect ?
Wherever Mediabistro collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy .
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ( personal information ) or allows us to contact you .
The personal information we collect may include your name , title , company or organization name , e-mail address , phone number , work or home address , information about your job function , information about your company , and credit card information .
We may request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a contest or to provide additional services ( for example , subscriptions to announcement lists or information about conferences and trade shows ) .
Participation in contests or other promotions on the Mediabistro Network is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
If you are purchasing something on the Mediabistro Network , we , and any third party provider , need to know your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number and expiration date .
This allows us , or third party providers , to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status .
Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission .
Mediabistro also offers access to some services that require registration .
We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail .
We may share that information with our clients and they may also send you promotional materials .
We may also use your IP address internally and share it with third parties .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro e-mail newsletter , you are given the opportunity to sign up for targeted third-party mailings .
Whether or not you want to receive these announcements is your choice .
If you choose to receive an announcement from a specific distribution list , you will receive commercial messages from independent third parties that have contracted with Mediabistro to send messages to the list .
When you sign up for a Mediabistro discussion forum , your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your own account within the forums .
This information is not used to monitor your activity within a forum , nor is it used to identify you outside the Mediabistro network .
When you use co-branded services , or those provided by a third party , within the Mediabistro Network , your information may be passed to the co-brand or third party provider and their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new products and services .
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form , you may receive postal mailings from Mediabistro or third party companies .
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties ?
Mediabistro will disclose personal information and/or an IP address :
1 ) To contact you regarding other products and services which may be of interest to you ( including those we may offer jointly with other companies ) .
At any time , however , you may opt out of such contact ;
2 ) When required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to :
a ) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mediabistro ;
b ) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties , or visitors to the Mediabistro Network of sites and related properties ;
c ) Identify persons who may be violating the law , the Mediabistro legal notice and Web site User Agreement , the rights of third parties , or otherwise misusing the Mediabistro Network or its related properties ;
d ) Fulfill a user 's order or request ;
3 ) To process and fulfill your order or notify you of order status ;
4 ) When we have your consent to share the information ;
5 ) When you use co-branded services within our network of sites , you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner .
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies .
We maintain a strict `` No-Spam '' policy that means that we do not sell , rent , or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party , without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
What else should I know about my privacy when online ?
Mediabistro may use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you based on information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web sites in order to provide targeted advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you while visiting other Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites .
The Mediabistro Network also contains advertisements of third parties .
Mediabistro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers .
Mediabistro does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Mediabistro with the third parties to which Mediabistro links , except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy , although Mediabistro may share general , aggregate data with such third parties ( such as how many people use our Site ) .
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy .
If you use Mediabistro 's discussion threads , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these discussion threads .
In order to avoid your e-mail address or other personal information from being gathered and used by others for inappropriate or harmful purposes , Mediabistro advises that you should be cautious about posting a real e-mail address or other personal information to newsgroups , chats , or other public forums .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail , discussion lists , or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Certain Mediabistro media properties use a shopping cart feature that safeguards this information by using industry standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encrypted servers .
SSL codes the information transferred between you and the server , rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the information .
Other Mediabistro media properties do not use SSL and thereby do not offer a secure coded way to transfer information .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
We are always seeking to improve our network of Web sites and our business .
In accomplishing these objectives , we may sell a company , assets or Web sites or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with , or be acquired by , another company .
In connection with the foregoing , we may transfer some or all of your information in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes .
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Mediabistro Network , you consent to the collection and use of information by Mediabistro as specified above .
We reserve the right to modify this Policy .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Please note that your use of the Mediabistro network of Web sites is governed by our Legal Notice .
Mediabistro participates in the Safe Harbor program and adheres to the Safe Harbor principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union or Switzerland .
Mediabistro has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU or Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU or Swiss SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Revised October , 2012 )

Share on twitterShare on linkedinShare on pinterestShare on googleplusShare on emailShare on facebook
Walmart Privacy Policy - Highlights
This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( `` stores '' ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , `` websites '' includes our mobile applications ) .
Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center .
Information We Collect :
We collect your information from the following sources :
Information you give us , such as during transactions , customer service operations , surveys , and website registrations ,
Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and
Information automatically collected when you visit or use our websites , such as via cookies and device information , and in stores , such as via video cameras .
How We Use and/or Disclose Your Information
Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information .
Walmart uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions .
These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
We may combine all the information we collect .
We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances :
with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products .
with your consent .
when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , customers , or associates , or when otherwise required by law .
Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information >
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following standards for marketing communications :
We will not contact you via phone or text message without your express consent ( opt-in ) .
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent ( opt-in ) .
We use an opt-out standard for all other communications .
This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
We participate in interest-based advertising .
This means that you may see advertising on our website tailored to how you browse or shop , or you may see advertising for Walmart on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites .
Learn more about such advertising , including how to opt out .
You can provide us your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center .
The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences for marketing materials at any time .
You can also contact us via the Contact Us section below .
Mobile Application Privacy :
In addition to the information above , the following applies to our mobile applications :
Our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) , and information about the way you use the applications .
The mobile applications also collect certain information you voluntarily provide , such as product information when you scan a bar code , and transactional information , such as when you make a purchase or respond to an offer .
Our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device , such as when you search for a store .
You must first provide permission through your device before the application obtains such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
The Mobile Application section below addresses your choices with respect to our applications ' collection and use of your precise location information .
Service providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are .
How to Contact Us
Contact us through our web form -- for privacy or Walmart Privacy Policy feedback/questions , for store experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions .
We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust .
Read our entire privacy policy .
We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us .
See Walmart 's Notices and Privacy & Online Safety Tips for general tips and resources .
Privacy Policy - Full Policy
Walmart recognizes the importance of our customers ' privacy .
We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance it is one of trust .
We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual .
This Policy describes :
How and why we collect your personal information .
How your information is used and protected .
When and with whom we share your information .
The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information .
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices .
This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( `` stores '' ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , `` websites '' includes our mobile applications ) .
Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores .
This notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center .
Our Pledge of Accountability
Walmart expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust .
We have designated associates who are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy .
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience .
We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection .
Information You Give Us
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Walmart , both in stores and through our websites .
Some examples are when you :
Create an account on one of our websites ;
Make an online or in-store purchase from us ;
Use a gift registry or create a mobile shopping list ;
Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as hunting and fishing licenses ) ;
Request customer service or contact us ;
Submit a Walmart related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ;
Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or
Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication .
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you .
The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information .
When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients .
For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well .
Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud .
In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products .
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising .
Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns .
Some examples include :
We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your device operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our websites .
We use `` cookies '' to recognize you as you use or return to our sites .
This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you .
A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive .
We may also use web beacons .
Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective .
We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns .
Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally .
How We Use Your Information
Walmart uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions .
These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
Some examples include :
To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ;
To register and service your account ;
To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ;
To provide customer service and alert you to product information , including recalls ;
To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ;
To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business .
To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect with offline information , including information from third parties .
We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes .
How We Disclose Your Information Outside Walmart
Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances .
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations .
Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites .
Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Walmart maintain facilities .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may disclose your information in other special circumstances .
These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , our customers , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law .
Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers , or addressing crimes committed on Walmart property .
Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request .
Walmart may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
From time to time with your consent , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest .
You may opt in to this sharing under the `` Your Choices '' section below .
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Walmart or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure
Walmart collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy .
The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed .
For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law .
In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing .
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following standards for marketing communications :
We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages .
We also use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications like mail .
Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will stop the activity on your request .
You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center .
The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials at any time .
Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the Contact Us section below .
If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information .
For instance , if you would like to opt-out of mail , include your mailing address .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests .
Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes .
Some examples are contacts for customer service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls .
We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds .
The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) .
Online Operations and Advertising
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising .
For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us .
Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features .
To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your device , follow these links :
You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising .
Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior .
The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests .
We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests .
As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website .
Advertisements may relate to Walmart or our advertising partners .
We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them .
We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes .
In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites .
You may see ads for Walmart on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites .
We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites .
Learn more about interest-based advertising , including how to opt out .
You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above .
Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well .
If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior .
How to Access and Update Your Information
Walmart takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :
If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the `` Contact Us '' section at the bottom of this Policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the `` Contact Us '' section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to `` Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information . ''
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority .
Whether you are shopping on our websites or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information .
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account .
Please keep this password confidential .
We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet .
You can see a representation of this when you enter a secure portion of our online website ( not including our mobile applications ) , which is any page containing any of your account information , where an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window .
If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear .
This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Walmart web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server .
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections
Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well .
Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage .
When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable .
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information
Pharmacy and Vision Center
When you use our Pharmacies or Vision Centers , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request .
We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies .
Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it .
The notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Vision Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Walmart .
Financial Products and Services
When you obtain financial products and services from us , we may collect and use certain financial-related information .
We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies .
Financial products and services include money orders , money transfers , credit card offerings , bill payment , and check cashing .
Find out more about Financial Services Privacy .
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions .
We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information .
These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies .
Privacy of Children Online
We are committed to protecting children 's online privacy .
Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children .
In order to protect the privacy of children , Walmart websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent .
Please contact us via the `` Contact Us '' section of this Policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it .
Privacy of Mobile Applications
Walmart 's mobile applications may include functionality to allow you to create a shopping list , search or add products to a favorites list using voice input or text , or by scanning bar codes , check price or product availability and print coupons , browse , search and buy Walmart.com products , locate the nearest Walmart store , track orders , find aisle locations for items on your shopping lists , order prescription refills , and view , share and print your online photos .
In addition to the information mentioned above , our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) placed by us or our service providers , the unique identifier assigned by Walmart to your device , the IP address of your mobile device , your mobile operating system , the type of mobile Internet browsers you use , and information about the way you use our mobile applications .
Additionally , our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device .
You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications obtain such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
Walmart , and our service providers , may use and store this information , in combination with other location-based information such as IP address and billing or postal code provided by you at time of your mobile application registration , to provide enhanced location based services , such as store specific services , search results , and other content .
To opt-out of the collection of location data , see below .
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with the operation of our mobile applications .
These providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are .
The device identifier is used to improve services within our mobile applications such as barcode scanners or speech recognition .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how our mobile applications are being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage .
To protect the anonymity of this information , we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties ca n't identify you personally based on information they collect from our mobile applications or your use of them .
These analytics providers may also have access to your device-specific information such as a unique device identifier .
This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are , and we require these service providers to keep your information secure .
There are multiple options for users of our mobile applications to opt-out of the collection and of your precise location information :
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our mobile applications You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications .
You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
Note : If you uninstall the mobile application from your device , the Walmart unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored .
If you re-install the application on the same device , Walmart will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions .
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device .
As a global company , Walmart has separate privacy policies for its international offices .
Personal information about our customers may be processed and stored in the United States or any other country in which Walmart or our service providers maintain facilities .
Globally , Walmart requires our family of companies to protect your personal information , regardless of where it is stored , in accordance with local laws and our policies .
Changes to the Walmart Privacy Policy
Please check our privacy Policy periodically for changes .
We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy Policy .
Email Customer Service- for store experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions .
Contacting the Privacy Office
Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how your information is handled .
You can also contact us via the addresses below :
Privacy Office , MS # 0160
702 SW 8th Street
Bentonville , AR 72716-0160
Your California Privacy Rights
Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes .
The Policy and rights apply to all customers , including California residents :
We share information with others outside of Walmart only if we have your express consent ( opt-in ) .
See How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart .
We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Sam 's Club .
See How We Use Your Information .
Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above .
Last Updated : Sept. 17 , 2013

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
This policy describes how YP collects , uses , shares , and secures information on our owned and operated websites , mobile applications and other properties .
Although you should read through the entire policy for complete information , the following provides a summary of some of the most important aspects of our privacy practices :
We use your personal information to provide you with products , services , and information .
We may share your personal information with third parties in some situations , such as if you decide to communicate with a company that advertises through our application .
We are committed to working with you to reach the right balance of what information we collect , use , and share , by providing you with ways to control information that we collect , through our opt-out mechanisms .
We take reasonable measures to secure your sensitive personal information , but we can not promise , and you should not expect , that your sensitive personal information will remain secure in all circumstances .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
When we use the term `` information '' we are referring to both personal information and non-personal information that we collect about you .
`` Personal information '' refers to information that personally identifies you , or can reasonably be linked to you by us .
Personal information can either be `` sensitive '' or `` non-sensitive . ''
`` Sensitive personal information '' refers to information that is generally considered confidential such as your financial account number , billing information , social security number , and precise location .
`` Non-sensitive personal information '' refers to information that is generally not considered confidential such as your name , date of birth , mail or email address , telephone number , friends ' name or email address if you choose to refer them to us , general geographic information ( e.g. , your city or state ) , account preferences , and business information .
`` Non-personal information '' refers to information that does not specifically identify you .
HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION
Our primary purpose in collecting information about you is to provide you with products , services , information , and advertisements that match your interests and preferences .
For example , we may use this information to fulfill your order , respond to your inquiries , administer your account , send marketing , assess your needs and interests in order to better tailor offers and/or advertising , improve our website and marketing , conduct research , display content based upon your interests , allow you to search information on our site , and/or list you in our search and directory services .
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU
We collect information from you by asking that you provide it to us on-line , through a mobile application or via other means by which we communicate with you .
This may include , for example , your name , address , email address or telephone number .
We may also collect information from you automatically .
For instance , we , like many websites and applications , automatically collect information including the computer you use , the type of browser and operating system that you use , the webpages you view , the time and duration of your visits , the search queries that you enter , and how you interact with advertising .
Among other things , we use the following technologies to automatically collect information :
`` Cookies '' are small data files placed on your computer by the websites you visit and the emails you read and can be used to help recognize you when you return to a website , or when you visit other sites .
We , or third party service providers , may use cookies to , among other things , measure activity , personalize your experience , remember your viewing preferences , or track your status or progress when accessing our site .
For some of these purposes our cookies may be tied to personal information .
If you choose , you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser 's help file directions .
If your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies , you may have trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our website , or that we may put on our website in the future .
We do not operate the cookies or tracking technology used by our third party service providers .
`` Unique Identifiers '' are unique strings of characters that are used to identify you , your computer , or your mobile device .
Such identifiers may be preset on your computer or mobile device .
We may use unique identifiers to recognize you when you visit our sites or use our mobile applications .
`` Local Shared Objects , '' `` LSO 's , '' or `` Flash Cookies '' are data files similar to cookies , except that they can store more complex data .
These are used to remember settings , preferences , and usage , particularly for video , interactive gaming , and other similar services .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove them .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for LSO 's or Flash Cookies click here .
`` Telephone Caller ID '' refers to information automatically transmitted about you when you call someone .
If you call a telephone number that we have provided to you , your caller ID may be recorded .
Most telephone providers will , upon request , block your caller ID .
Such services may not always be effective if you choose to call a pay-per-call ( 900 ) or toll-free number .
`` Web beacons '' or `` clear pixels '' are small graphic images on a Web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users , or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns .
`` A `` web server log '' is a record of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser .
For example , a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage .
The Web server log also may record information about your browser , such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server .
A `` widget '' is a small program or application that can be embedded in a web page .
Widgets can provide real-time information , such as stock quotes or weather reports , or other functionality , such as the `` Share This '' button .
Widgets are often provided by a third party , and may allow that third party to collect data about users viewing that page .
We also use Social Media Features such as the Facebook Like button .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
You can log in to our site using `` sign-in services '' such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us , such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form , or to post information to your account .
`` Geo-location technologies '' refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location .
We may ask you to manually provide precise location information on our website , or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information .
We may also automatically use information from your web server or computer to determine general location information , such as the city in which you live .
In addition to information that we collect from you , we may collect information about you from third parties for purposes such as ad targeting , optimization and reporting .
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may share information about you with third parties in certain circumstances including in the following situations .
If you decide to communicate with a company that advertises with us , for example by calling a telephone number or clicking a link that we provide for that advertiser , we may share non-sensitive personal information with the advertiser , including non-sensitive personal information that might permit the advertiser to contact you .
A third party may use technology ( e.g. , a cookie ) to collect non-sensitive personal information about your use of our website or mobile applications so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests .
If you would like to opt-out of having third party advertising networks use information that YP has shared with them to target advertising to you please see the instructions in the section titled `` What Privacy Choices Do I Have '' below .
We may share all types of information with the YP family of companies , including all companies doing business under either the YP brand , KEEN brand or ANYWHO.COM brand in the ordinary course of business , for the purpose of fulfilling the services that we provide to our customers and to customize your experience .
Blogs , Online Postings , and Testimonials .
We may share with the public any information that you publish in conjunction with an on-line review , comment , blog , or message board .
This may include non-sensitive personal information that identifies you .
In the event that we , or part , or all , of our assets are acquired , we may share all types of information with the acquiring company .
You will be notified via email or a notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
In-line Applications & Tools .
We may offer applications , tools , or widgets on our website or in our applications that indicate that they are `` powered by '' a third party .
If you use those applications and tools we may share non-sensitive personal information and any additional information you provide as part of that use with that third party .
The third party 's use of that information is subject to their privacy policy .
We may report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful , or that we believe may aid a law enforcement investigation .
In addition , we reserve the right to release all types of information to law enforcement agencies if we determine , in our sole judgment , that either you have violated our policies , or the release of information about you may protect the rights , property or safety of us or another person .
We may share all types of information with others as required by , or permitted by , law .
This may include sharing all types of information with governmental entities , or third parties in response to subpoenas , court orders , other legal process , or as we believe is necessary to exercise our legal rights , to defend against legal claims that have been brought against us , or to defend against possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be brought against us .
We share all types of information with people and companies that provide us with services .
These services may include , among other things , helping us provide products or services that you request , create or maintain our databases , research or analyze the people who use our websites , and/or process payment card information .
Unless you consent , we do not permit our service providers to market their own products or services to you directly .
We also require our service providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the personal information that we provide to them secure .
In some instances , we may maintain the look and feel of our site while you are on our service provider 's site .
You should look for the `` privacy policy '' link of any page on which you are submitting information to determine if this privacy policy , or another company 's privacy policy , governs .
Other Third Parties ( without your consent ) .
We may share non-personal information with other third parties that are not described above .
When we do so we endeavor to either aggregate or de-identify the information so that a third party would not be likely to link data to you , your computer , or your device .
Aggregation means that we combine the non-personal information of numerous people together so that the data does not relate to any one person .
De-identify means that we remove or change ( e.g. , hash ) certain pieces of information that might be used to link data to a particular person .
Other Third Parties ( with your consent ) .
We may share any information , including sensitive personal information , with other third parties that are not described above if you give us consent to do so .
HOW DO WE SECURE INFORMATION
We take our commitment to securing personal information in our possession seriously .
When you provide your credit card number or a social security number we protect your information during transmission and storage through the use of encryption .
For other types of information , we use reasonable measures to help prevent the information from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this policy .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
No security measures are perfect and we can not promise that the information about you will remain secure in all circumstances .
WHAT PRIVACY CHOICES DO YOU HAVE
We provide you with the following information management choices :
Individual Directory Listings .
If you do not wish to be listed on YellowPages Find A Person or on ANYWHO.COM you can click here .
Revising Your Information .
If your personal information changes , or if you no longer desire our services , you may correct , update , or delete information about you , or ask that it be removed from public forums such as directories , blogs , or testimonials by logging in and viewing your user profile ( e.g. , the `` My Account '' link on YP.com ) or by contacting us at the email address , telephone number , or mailing address indicated below .
We attempt to respond to your requests within 30 days .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Behaviorally Targeted Advertising .
Behaviorally targeted advertising refers to the use of information about you in order to provide advertising that is tailored to your interests .
We participate in several types of behaviorally targeted advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of receiving advertising that is tailored to you , you have the following options :
Advertising Provided by YP on YP Properties If you would like to manage some of the information that YP uses about you to tailor the advertising that you see on the websites and mobile applications that we own or operate to your interests , or if you would like to opt-out of YP using any personal information about you to tailor its advertising , you can do so by clicking here .
Note that if you are using an Apple device which uses iOS6 , you will need to follow the instructions provided by Apple for opting out of using the Apple Advertising Identifier .
Advertising Provided by Other Companies Using Information Collected on our websites or Applications .
If you do not want third parties who collect information about your use of our website or applications to tailor any of the advertising that you see , you can opt-out at the AT & T AdWorks opt-out page , the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page .
Advertising Provided by YP on Other Properties .
If you do not want YP to use personal information about you to tailor the advertising that you see on websites and mobile applications that we do not own ( i.e. , third parties ' websites ) , you can opt-out here .
Do Not Track signal .
We treat the data of everyone who comes to our site in accordance with this privacy policy , whatever their Do Not Track setting .
We give you choices about turning off tailored advertising , sharing your information with third parties , and receiving promotional offers .
You can exercise your choices as described in this section of our privacy policy .
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is permitted by law .
SOME ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .
This privacy policy does not apply to websites or applications offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed in a search on our site .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third party website before transmitting personal information .
Other Contractual Relationships .
If you enter into a separate contractual relationship with us which requires , or contemplates , collecting , using , sharing , or securing information about you in a manner that is different than that which is described in this policy , the terms of that contract will apply .
If you choose our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents who have an established business relationship with us are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Attn : Privacy , 611 N. Brand Blvd. , 5th floor Glendale , CA 91203 .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Our site is intended for a general audience and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 .
Changes To The Privacy Policy .
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes to our policy , those changes will apply to information collected after the effective date listed , and we will notify you by placing a notice on our websites prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
How Do We Communicate With You .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please contact us at :
Telephone number : 866 570 8863
Mailing address : 611 N. Brand Blvd . 5th Floor Glendale , CA . 91203
If we need , or are required , to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you we may do so by email , telephone , or mail .
Effective Date : February 8 , 2013
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
YP may communicate with you in a variety of different ways .
The following describes some of your options concerning how we communicate with you :
Email Marketing From YP If you do not want to receive emails from us about products or services that we offer , you can `` opt-out '' from receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link provided at the bottom of any marketing email that you receive .
Please note that if you choose to opt-out we may still send you non-marketing email .
For example , we may send you email about a specific product or service that you request , we may respond to a message from you , or we may send you email about the terms and conditions of our websites .
If you decide at a later time that you would like to receive commercial emails from us , you can re-add yourself to our communication list .
Text Marketing From YP If you do not want to receive text messages from us about products or services that we offer , you can `` opt-out '' from receiving such texts by text messaging the word STOP to 97411 .
Please note that text messaging charges by your carrier may apply to these types of communications .

Personal Information CC Collects
What CC does with the Personal Information
Disclosures of Personal Information
Security of Personal Information Collected via the Websites ; OpenID
Data Usage Policy : Non Personal Browsing and Site Usage Information
Special Note to International Users
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Using this Privacy Policy for Your Own Purposes
This Master Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) explains the collection , use , and disclosure of personal information by Creative Commons Corporation ( CC or Creative Commons ) , a Massachusetts Corporation , with its principal place of business at 444 Castro Street , Suite 900 , Mountain View , CA 94041 , USA .
Furthermore , this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the websites operated by affiliates of Creative Commons .
All such Supplemental Privacy Policy Terms will be accessible for you to read either within , or through your use of , that Website or service .
This Privacy Policy also explains our commitment to you with respect to our use and disclosure of non personal browsing and site usage data that Creative Commons collects as the provider of the Websites and an OpenID service provider .
That commitment is contained in a Data Usage Policy , below .
As used in this policy , personal information means information that would allow a party to identify you such as , for example , your name , address or location , telephone number or email address .
By accessing the Websites or using Creative Commons as your OpenID service provider , you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
Creative Commons is committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect about you through our Websites , whether personal information or non personal browsing and site usage data .
We have designed our Privacy Policy and our Data Usage Policy consistent with the following principles ( the Principles ) :
Privacy policies and data collection and use policies should be human readable , comprehensive , and easy to locate ;
Only the minimum amount of information reasonably necessary to provide you with services should be collected and maintained , and only for so long as reasonably needed or required ;
Information you provide through our Websites , or that we gather as a result of your use of our Websites or OpenID services , should not be used for marketing or advertising purposes , nor should it be provided voluntarily ( without your permission ) to anyone else unless required ; and
Unless restricted or prohibited by law , and provided your email address has been collected and retained , you should be notified when circumstances require Creative Commons to provide a third party with your personal information .
Personal Information CC Collects
We may collect personal information at several places on the Websites , including without limitation :
in connection with your selection of one of our licenses or legal tools including , without limitation , CCO , or the Public Domain Certification , or your application for Founder 's Copyright ;
when you provide us with your personal information such as by sending an email to us or signing up to receive a newsletter or our events listing ;
when you donate money to us or purchase merchandise ;
when you join the Creative Commons network through our ccNet Website , and when you thereafter create/edit your profile page , identify your content , share your story , and/or establish a Creative Commons OpenID ; and
when you provide personal information in connection with your participation in any of the forums we make available to that community .
What CC does with Personal Information
We use the personal information you provide to us as part of your selection of one of our licenses/tools to provide you the RDF , html , and the Uniform Resource Locator that correspond to the license/tool you selected .
Your email address is expunged after this email has been successfully sent .
If you apply for a Founder 's Copyright , we use and retain your personal information to provide you with the relevant agreement , to process your application and manage your Founder 's Copyright .
We may use all of this information to maintain license usage data .
Emails and Newsletters .
We use the personal information you provide to us when you send us emails or sign up to receive our newsletter or events listing in order to respond to your request for example , to reply to your email or to send you communications about news and events related to Creative Commons .
Personal information submitted as part of our email discussion lists is used for the purpose of managing the discussion lists .
Your name and email address will typically be visible to other list participants when you correspond on the list and to the general public in the discussion archives .
All emails sent to the discussions list are publicly archived .
When you donate money to us or purchase merchandise via our support page , your personal information will be handled in one of two ways , depending on which option you choose .
If you purchase a t-shirt or other merchandise from Creative Commons , we will use your personal information for the purpose of sending you the items you purchased .
You may donate money to Creative Commons directly or through a variety of on-line payment sites , including PayPal , the Amazon Honor System , Just-Give.org , Good Search , Network for Good , and Mission Fish , among others .
When you use any of those websites and services to donate to CC , your personal information is sent to , handled by and stored by those websites in accordance with their respective privacy policies and terms of use .
You should read and understand the privacy policy and terms of use of any website you use to donate to Creative Commons .
When you donate money to Creative Commons directly , we use your personal information to process your donation .
Regardless of the method by which you donate to Creative Commons or purchase a t-shirt or other merchandise , we additionally use the personal information you provide for the purpose of contacting you about upcoming news and events relevant to Creative Commons .
When we contact you for the first time after your donation , we will use reasonable means to give you the option to choose not to be contacted in this manner again .
When you donate money as part of one of CC 's fundraising campaigns , your name will be published on our supporters page unless you request otherwise .
When you join our network you provide personal information to create your account and establish a password and profile , and to create an OpenID .
We use that personal information to establish and maintain your accounts , provide you with the features we provide for account holders , to act as your OpenID service provider , and for the purpose of contacting you about upcoming news and events relevant to Creative Commons .
By joining the Creative Commons network , you are also given a public profile page where you can voluntarily post personal information for public viewing .
The information that you submit on your public profile page , including but not limited to information you provide in the field Your CC Story and any photograph or image of yourself you upload , is posted by you at your discretion ( although subject to ccNet 's Master Terms of Use ) .
The information you publish on your public profile page , including your personal information , may be used by anyone who views that information for any lawful purpose , with the exception of the text you insert in the Your CC Story field and any photograph or image of yourself that you upload , which if you choose to provide in either case must be licensed under and becomes subject to the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported license , as stated on the Edit Profile page .
CC may use the personal and non personal browsing information you provide in your public profile , including the text in the Your CC Story field ( subject to the terms of that license ) , to promote the mission of Creative Commons and the ccNet Website .
Participating in Our Community : Registered Users .
Providing your email address and/or real name is optional .
If you do provide your email address , it will allow us to send you your password if you should forget it .
If you voluntarily provide your real name in connection with any content you submit to any Website , your name may be associated with the content you contributed ( such as when you edit a Wiki page ) .
We will also use that personal information to establish and maintain your membership and provide you with the features we provide for Registered Users , and for the purpose of contacting you about upcoming news and events relevant to Creative Commons .
Registered Users on the OpenEd Website are automatically provided with a public page where you may post personal information for public viewing .
You are not required to post any information or personal information on this page , but may be posted in your own sole discretion ( although any information posted remains subject to CC 's Master Terms of Use ) .
Please note that the information you publish on your public page , including your personal information , may be used by anyone who views that information for any lawful purpose and , where relevant , subject to license terms set forth in CC 's Master Terms of Use .
CC may use the personal and non personal browsing information you provide on your public page to promote the mission of Creative Commons and the OpenEd Website .
If provided , your name may be associated with content you contribute to the OpenEd Website .
Any other personal information that we may collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles .
Disclosures of Personal Information
In general , it is not Creative Commons ' practice to disclose personal information to third parties .
We may share personal information in two instances :
First , Creative Commons may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain , enhance , or add to the functionality of the Websites or the OpenID service .
Second , we may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( a ) take action regarding suspected illegal activities ; ( b ) enforce or apply our Master Terms of Use and Privacy Policy ; ( c ) comply with legal process , such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order ; or ( d ) protect our rights , reputation , and property , or that of our users , affiliates , or the public .
If Creative Commons is required to provide a third party with your personal information ( whether by subpoena or otherwise ) , then provided we have collected and retained an email address for you , Creative Commons will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event , unless prohibited by law or CC is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel .
Security of Personal Information Collected via the Websites ; OpenID
Creative Commons has implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or processing of personal information that Creative Commons stores and controls .
However , no website can fully eliminate security risks .
Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
We will post a reasonably prominent notice to the Websites if any such security breach occurs .
OpenID , including Creative Commons OpenID services , has security risks in addition to those described above .
Among other things , OpenID is vulnerable to DNS attacks , and using OpenID may increase the risk of phishing .
See About OpenID for more information about the types and levels of risks associated with OpenID .
Data Usage Policy : Non Personal Browsing and Site Usage Information
Our Data Usage Policy covers how we maintain and use information about you that is collected by our Websites and server logs , including when you log into a website using your Creative Commons OpenID .
Non Personal Browsing Information We Collect .
When you use the Websites , our servers ( which may be hosted by a third party service provider ) may collect information indirectly and automatically ( through , for example , the use of your IP address ) about your activities while visiting the Websites and information about the browser you are using .
In addition , whenever you use your Creative Commons OpenID to log into a website , our servers ( which , again , may be hosted by a third party service provider ) keep a log of the websites you visit and when you visit them .
We do not intentionally link browsing information or information from our OpenID server logs to the personal information you submit to us .
We use this information for internal purposes only , such as to help understand how the Websites are being used , to improve our Websites and the features we provide , and for systems administration purposes .
CC may use a third party analytics provider to help us collect and analyze non personal browsing information through operation of our Websites for those same purposes ; however , we will never use a third party analytics provider to collect or analyze any information through our operations as an OpenID service provider .
No Selling or Sharing .
Except in the unique situations identified in this Privacy Policy , Creative Commons does not sell or otherwise voluntarily provide the non personal browsing information we collect about you or your website usage to third parties .
As an OpenID service provider , CC could technically access your web-based account tied to our OpenID service , and could log in on behalf of any of its OpenID users to any of the accounts they have accessed using their Creative Commons OpenID .
Creative Commons will never use this technical login ability for any purpose unless otherwise required by law .
CC discards non personal browsing information from our OpenID server logs once we have used the information for the limited purposes noted above , under No Linking .
If Creative Commons is required to provide a third party with your non personal browsing information or to log in on behalf of an OpenID user ( whether by subpoena or otherwise ) , then CC will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event , unless CC is prohibited by law from doing so or is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel .
Any other non-personal information that we collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles .
Creative Commons may transfer some or all of your personal and/or non personal browsing information to a third party as a result of a reorganization , spin-off or similar transaction .
Upon such transfer , the acquirer 's privacy policy will apply .
In such event , Creative Commons will use reasonable efforts to notify you and to ensure that at the time of the transaction the acquirer 's privacy policy complies with the Principles .
The Websites are not directed at children under the age of 13 .
Consistent with the federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent .
Our Master Terms of Use specifically prohibit anyone using our Websites from submitting any personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age .
Any person who provides their personal information to CC through the Websites represents that they are 13 years of age or older .
The Websites may include links to other websites .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party sites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other websites .
Special Note to International Users
The Websites are hosted in the United States .
If you are accessing the Websites from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use and disclosure that differ from United States laws , please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and other regions .
By providing your personal data you consent to :
the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy ; and
the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above .
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy .
When we do , we will also revise the Effective Date below .
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect .
Your continued use of the Websites constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates .
Using this Privacy Policy for Your Own Purposes
The Creative Commons Privacy Policy is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License .
You are free to use and adapt this Privacy Policy for your own purposes .
However , please keep in mind that this policy , as written , may not be completely suitable for your situation .
Creative Commons strongly encourages you to seek the advice of your own attorney or counsel before using this Privacy Policy .
Effective Date : August 10 , 2010

CureZone takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
CureZone respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use CureZone services .
Individually identifiable information about you is never disclosed to any third party !
Information Sharing and Disclosure
CureZone does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or companies .
Your email address is protected on CureZone and the only people who have the access to your email address are the members of the CureZone team .
The members of the CureZone team must have the access to your email address in order to do their job - communicate important messages to you .
NOTICE : Click here for important information about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission .
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how CureZone treats personal information that CureZone collects and receives , including information related to your past use of CureZone services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of websites that CureZone does not own or control .
In addition , certain CureZone associated websites such as Google , Amazon , PayPal and Altavista have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by clicking on the links .
Upon your first visit to CureZone , CureZone , like many other web sites , sends a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a small text file containing a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
Cookies can not be used to infect your computer with viruses ! Cookies can not be used to collect information about you that you do n't wont to disclose ( name , address , phone , email )
CureZone uses cookies to improve the quality of our service .
CureZone does this by storing user preferences in cookies .
CureZone will never disclose its cookies to third parties .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of the CureZone Service may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
Third Party Cookies on CureZone
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on CureZone displaying Google AdSense for content ads .
When you visit CureZone and either view or click on an ad , a cookie may be dropped on your browser .
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help Google better serve and manage the ads on CureZone and across the web .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on CureZone .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on the pages you visited on CureZone and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
What Information Does CureZone Server Collect
CureZone does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email , etc . ) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
CureZone server , just like any other web server , logs and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each page visit .
That information is used to trace web site usage and to provide more relevant services to individual users .
Information Collection and Use
CureZone collects personal information when you register with CureZone , when you use CureZone forums or when you subscribe for CureZone newsletter .
When you register we ask for information such asemail address , while all other information is optional : your name , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests.Once you register with CureZone and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
CureZone automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , CureZone cookie information , and the page you request .
CureZone uses information for the following general purposes : to customize & fulfill your requests for services , to improve our services , to contact you and to conduct research .
We do not collect any personal information from a child under age 13 .
We do not allow children under age 13 to join curezone forums .
CureZone does not ask a child under age 16 for more personal information
( name , address , phone , ... ) .
CureZone may set and access CureZone cookies on your computer .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your CureZone Account Information , including your email address .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the CureZone service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and special issues of the CureZone Newsletter , that are considered part of your CureZone account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
You can delete all your personal information inside your CureZone account by visiting this page .
But , you can not delete you username .
Certain information , like you email address might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
Parents can review , edit , and delete information relating to their child 's CureZone account only with the child 's permission .
If a parent chooses not to allow us to further collect or use a child 's information , parents must contact the webmaster .
We limit access to personal information about you to members of the CureZone team who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at CureZone .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CureZone may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your CureZone account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions or suggestions , please contact webmaster .

The notice of privacy practices was updated on August 15 , 2012 .
This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected by Bloomingdale 's in Bloomingdale 's stores ( including Bloomingdale 's outlet stores ) and online at bloomingdales.com ( including via mobile devices ) .
To view your separate Department Stores National Bank Privacy Policy for your Bloomingdale 's credit card , please click here .
This notice of privacy practices explains :
The kinds of information we collect ;
How we use information ;
Our information sharing practices ;
Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices ; and
How you may access some of the information you provide to us .
We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices .
If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Customer Service department :
By mail at :
Bloomingdale 's Customer Service
ATTN : Privacy Office
Mason , OH 45040
By phone at 1-888-922-7026
Your access of and use of our Web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice
We collect information from a variety of sources , including information provided by you , information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores , and information we collect about you from third party sources .
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect :
Information you provide : name , address ( billing and shipping ) , e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , mobile number ( s ) , credit card number ( s ) , birth date , password and etc . ;
Information associated with use of our Web site : bloomingdales.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons , such as IP address , to enhance your experience on our Web site ;
Information associated with doing business with Bloomingdale 's : transaction information , including the items purchased , and the date and time of your transaction ;
Information from third party sources : we may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier .
How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect to process a transaction , to provide the products or services you request , to improve our Web site and stores , to enhance your shopping experience , and for marketing and promotional purposes .
We may combine information about you that we collect online , in our stores , via mobile devices ( including mobile applications ) , and from third party sources .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer 's browser .
A web beacon is an image on a Web site that monitors a Web site 's activity .
At bloomingdales.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open .
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit ; they do not go away when you exit your browser .
Managing cookie preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information .
If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from bloomingdales.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site .
If you block cookies from bloomingdales.com , you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site .
We may share your information within Macy 's , Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ( including Macy 's ) .
We also may share your information with third parties with whom we have a relationship ( to opt-out of third party sharing please click here ) .
When you make a purchase , we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction .
We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you .
We work with a third party company , Coremetrics , to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site .
The information that we collect through these cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our Web site , what you purchased , and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site .
Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from bloomingdales.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection .
We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics .
Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us .
Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence .
For more information , please view Coremetrics ' privacy policy .
To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice .
Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices
E-mail : To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from bloomingdales.com , you may :
unsubscribe by signing into your account on bloomingdales.com , clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference ,
use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by bloomingdales.com ,
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale 's Customer Service , Attn : Privacy Office , P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 , or
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
Note : It may take up to 10 business days to process your request .
My Customer Survey Emails : We separately may send surveys , via e-mail , to our customers in order to collect opinions and feedback about their shopping experiences .
To opt-out of receiving survey e- mails from Bloomingdale 's , you may use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any survey e-mail .
Clienteling : Customers who have a one-to-one relationship with a Bloomingdale 's sales associate and no longer wish to receive e-mails from that associate may contact the associate directly and opt-out of receiving those e-mails .
Mobile Marketing : To opt-out of mobile marketing , you may :
reply STOP to any Bloomingdale 's text message on your mobile phone/wireless device ,
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale 's Customer Service , Attn : Privacy Office , P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
Note : Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request .
We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes .
Direct Mail or Telemarketing : To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls , you may :
contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026
contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale 's Customer Service , Attn : Privacy Office , P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 .
If you choose to write us , please include your name , address , phone number , and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) , and state one of the following :
`` NO MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do not want to receive offers by mail ) ;
`` NO PHONE OFFERS '' ( if you do not want to receive offers by phone ) ; or
`` NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do not want to receive either )
Note : Because listings often are prepared well in advance of an offering ( 12 - 16 weeks , in many cases ) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request .
Third Party Sharing : If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes , you can :
Contact us by regular mail at Bloomingdale 's Customer Service , Attn : Privacy Office , P.O .
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 .
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state `` NO THIRD PARTY SHARING '' in your request , or
Contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026 ,
Online Behavioral Advertising : Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant , targeted advertising of interest to you .
Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising , please click here .
Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive advertising from bloomingdales.com , however , these ads may not be as relevant to you .
Coremetrics : As a bloomingdales.com user , you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics ' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously .
Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select , with respect to Coremetrics , on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices .
If you are a registered user of bloomingdales.com , you can update your information in My Account .
If you have questions about your order , you may check your order status online in My Order .
If you have any additional questions , please call our Customer Service department at 1-888-922-7026 .
If you are an international customer and want access to your information , please click here .
Please refer to the Security Policy for additional details .
Information About Children Under 13
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 ( for example - name , address , e-mail address , social security number etc . )
Our policy is not to collect personal information on any person under 13 .
For this reason , our online sweepstakes , e-mail and mobile sign-ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 .
If this policy changes , bloomingdales.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which includes providing notice and choice to each child 's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information .
If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Bloomingdale 's Customer Service , P.O .
Box 8067 , Mason , OH 45040 .
In your request , please specify that you want a `` Your Bloomingdale 's California Privacy Rights Notice `` .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
To fill international orders , bloomingdales.com partners with Borderfree , Inc .
( `` Borderfree '' ) .
Borderfree will carefully process your personal information , with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce .
Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments .
When you indicate you are shipping internationally , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfr .
On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from bloomingdales.com .
Borderfree will notify bloomingdales.com of the approval of your order , and bloomingdales.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions .
You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your personal information with bloomingdales.com , that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce , Switzerland , and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance .
Bloomingdales.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy .
If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated , based on the Safe Harbor Principles , bloomingdales.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint .
Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules .
International Centre for Dispute Resolution
A Division of the American Arbitration Association
1101 Laurel Oak Road , Suite 100
Voorhees , NJ 08043
Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact bloomingdales.com to
inquire about or update their personal information ;
make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information ; or
comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy

Macy 's and macys.com Notice of Privacy Practices
This notice of privacy practices was updated on January 9 , 2013 .
This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected in Macy 's stores , online at macys.com , and via mobile applications ( Macy 's iShop , macys.com accessed through your mobile device ) .
To view your separate Department Store National Bank Privacy Policy for your Macy 's credit card and to read more information about our credit services , please click here .
This Notice of Privacy Practices explains :
The kinds of information we collect
How we use information
Our information sharing practices
Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices
How you may access some of the information you provide to us
We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices .
If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Customer Service department :
By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services
ATTN : Privacy Office
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
By phone at 1.888.529.2254
Your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice .
We collect information from a variety of sources , including information provided by you , information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores and information we collect about you from third party sources .
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect :
Information you provide :
Address ( billing and shipping )
Telephone number ( s )
Mobile number ( s )
Credit card number ( s )
Information associated with use of our Web site :
macys.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons , such as IP address to enhance your experience on our Web site .
Information associated with doing business with Macy 's :
Transaction information , including :
Date and time of your transaction
Information from third party sources :
We may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier .
How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect to process a transaction , provide the products or services you request , to improve our Web site and stores , to enhance your shopping experience , and for marketing and promotional purposes .
We may combine information about you that we collect on-line , in our stores , via mobile applications , and from third party sources .
Cookies and Other Technologies on macys.com
This section addresses macys.com use of cookies and Flash Cookies .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer 's browser .
A web beacon ( also known as tracking pixels or clear GIF ) is an embedded image on a Web site that monitors a Web site 's activity .
At macys.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open .
We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag .
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit ; they do not go away when you exit your browser .
At macys.com , we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to help you navigate our Web site more efficiently .
For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed .
Managing cookies preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information .
If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from macys.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site .
If you block cookies from macys.com , you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site .
A Flash Cookie ( also known as Local Shared Object ) is a data file stored on your computer by the web sites that you visit ( click here for more details ) .
From time to time , macys.com uses Flash Cookie ( s ) on the web site , for example , to enable or control Flash-based content .
Flash Cookies provide similar functionality as the cookies ( discussed above in this section ) , but are based on different technology and are persistent .
To manage the Flash Cookie settings and preferences for your computer , please click here and you will be directed to the Settings Manager on Adobe 's web site .
You may also be able to manage Flash Cookies from your browser , depending on the version of your browser .
We may share your information within Macy 's , Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ( including Bloomingdale 's ) .
We may also share your information with third parties with whom we have relationship ( to opt-out of third party sharing please click here ) .
When you make a purchase , we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction .
We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you .
We work with a third party company , Coremetrics , to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site .
The information that we collect through cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our Web site , what you purchased , and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site .
Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from macys.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection .
We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics .
Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us .
Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence .
For more information , please view the Coremetrics privacy policy .
To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior , please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice .
Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices
E-mail : To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from macys.com , you may :
Unsubscribe by signing into your account on macys.com , clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference .
Use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by macys.com .
By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services
ATTN : Privacy Office
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
By phone at 1.888.529.2254
Note : It may take up to 10 business days to process your request .
Mobile Marketing : To opt-out of mobile marketing , you may :
Reply STOP to any macys.com text message on your mobile phone/wireless device .
By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services
ATTN : Privacy Office
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
By phone at 1.888.529.2254
Note : Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request .
We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes .
Direct Mail or Telemarketing : To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls , you may :
By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services
ATTN : Privacy Office
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state one of the following :
`` NO MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive offers by mail )
`` NO PHONE OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive offers by phone ) ; or
`` NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive either )
By phone at 1.888.529.2254 .
Note : Because listings often are prepared well in advance ( 12-16 weeks , in many cases ) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request .
Third Party Sharing : If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes , you can :
By mail at :
Macy 's Credit and Customer Services
ATTN : Privacy Office
Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state `` NO THIRD PARTY SHARING '' in your request .
By phone at 1.888.529.2254 .
Online Behavioral Advertising : Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant , targeted advertising of interest to you .
Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising , please click here .
Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from macys.com ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you .
Coremetrics : As a macys.com user , you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics ' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously .
Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select , with respect to Coremetrics , on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices .
If you are a registered user of macys.com , you can update your information in My Account .
If you have questions about your order , you may check your order status online in My Order .
If you have any additional questions , please call our Customer Service department at 1.888.529.2254 .
If you are an international customer , and want to access your information , please click here .
Information About Children Under 13
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 ( for example - name , address , e-mail address , social security number , etc . )
Our policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13 .
For this reason , our online sweepstakes , e-mail and mobile sign ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 .
If this policy changes , macys.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which includes providing notice and choice to each child 's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information .
If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Macy 's Customer Service , P.O .
Box 8067 , Mason , OH 45040 .
In your request , please specify that you want a `` Your Macy 's California Privacy Rights Notice . ''
Please allow 30 days for a response .
To fill international orders , macys.com partners with Borderfree , Inc. ( formerly FiftyOne ) .
Borderfree will carefully process your personal information with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles established by the U.S. Department of Commerce .
Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments .
When you indicate you are shipping internationally , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfree .
On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from macys.com .
Borderfree will notify macys.com of the approval of your order , and macys.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions .
You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you agree that Borderfree may share your personal information with macys.com , that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce , the European Union and Switzerland that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance .
macys.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy .
If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated , based on the Safe Harbor Principles , macys.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint .
Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts , will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules .
International Centre for Dispute Resolution
A Division of the American Arbitration Association
1101 Laurel Oak Road , Suite 100
Voorhees , NJ 08043
Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact macys.com to :
Inquire about or update their personal information
Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information
Comment on or ask questions regarding this notice
was this answer helpful ? Print | Email
Highlights of Macy 's , Inc .
Notice of Privacy Practices
Our Products : Product Recalls
Pricing Policy for Online Merchandise
Credit Card Privacy Policy

Terms of Usage / Privacy Policy
Contents offered by third parties
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
The private and business use of the services provided by leo.org is free of charge .
The exploitation and offer of these services to third parties for commercial gain is forbidden .
LEO does not accept liability for the correctness of the translations of words , terms and expressions , etc . that are offered .
Contents offered by third parties
LEO can not be held responsible for the subject and content of any web pages of third parties which are accessed via links displayed on our Internet site , nor does this content represent LEO 's opinion .
This applies to all the links displayed on our web site , and for all contents of pages accessed via banners and links registered with us and reached via our internet pages .
Please notify theLEO team .
Points of view and opinions put forward by third parties in our forums do not necessarily reflect the opinion of LEO .
These expressions of opinion are exclusively the responsibility of their authors .
If you should be of the opinion that illegal content has been posted in the forums , you are kindly asked to indicate this to theLEO team ( See also Section 6Forums . )
LEO does not record any personal data about its users unless they choose to register with LEO .
It is necessary to register with LEO in order to be able to obtain a license key for Lion Shareware , to make use of the vocabulary trainer , and to have personalised access to the forums .
As part of the registration , the user consents to the recording of the data which he or she provides to the extent that it is necessary for the purposes previously mentioned .
LEO guarantees that the data collected upon registration will not be passed on to third parties .
If you would like the personal data we have recorded about you to be erased , please send the LEO team [ - > to this effect < - ]
All rights arising in conjunction with the software developed for the purposes of this online service , as well as the databases on which it relies , and all other content belong to LEO GmbH unless another author or proprietor is explicitly named .
Any exploitation of the software , the data or any other content except in the form in which it is offered and provided at leo.org is prohibited .
In particular the automatic request of any kind of content by script or in any other manner is forbidden .
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
The development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like ( referred to hereinafter as `` tools '' ) for internet browsers which are designed to provide direct access to the contents of LEO is only permitted with prior consent of LEO .
Only tools which have been developed with the approval of LEO may be incorporated into internet browsers to provide access to LEO 's services .
A tool can only be approved if it carries LEO 's name and it presents the resulting page just as the one for entering a word-search appears on our site dict.leo.org .
Approval can not be granted if advertising displayed on LEO is circumvented by `` optimised solutions '' which obscure/remove the advertising content .
Links to LEO services are permitted .
However , we expect these links to lead directly to LEO 's dictionaries , and the page presenting the link must not contain any illegal or pornographic content .
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
LEO consents to the integration of a search box for queries to LEO dictionaries in another web site , on condition that :
LEO is named in the search box and it is clearly recognisable that the search box initiates a search in LEO dictionaries ,
the page presenting the results of a search inquiry is displayed unchanged ( possibly in a browser window of its own , but not in a frame of the provider 's website ) and , in particular , the advertising shall not be obscured .
These are the search boxes for our different dictionaries with a link to the relevant HTML code :
Most icons used on the LEO website are taken from the Oxygen Icon Set of the K Desktop Environment ( a big thanks to this valuable OpenSource project ) Oxygen Icon Set These icons are published under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported ( CC BY-SA 3.0 ) licence .
Alle Icons mit Lwen wurden in Eigenregie ergnzt , ebenfalls die folgenden Icons , die wir im Oxygen Icon Set nicht finden konnten und aus diesem erzeugt haben .
Sie stehen ebenfalls unter der CC BY-SA 3.0 .
Lampe ausLampe rotNeue KarteikarteKarteikastenOhne HakenCountry InfoExercise CorrectExercise SaladExercise SelfcontrolFInfotextLckentextDiktatZuordnenMultiplcechoiceReading ExerciseSortierenbersetzungMemorySprachtippsSlideshowVocablecardVocableexerciseLinks nach rechts
Download these icons as zip file .
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
LEO welcomes suggestions for new entries provided they are well researched and backed up by reputable sources and/or context examples .
You are also asked to read the detailed instructions about making new entries which you will find by clicking theHinweise .
Fr einzelne Begriffe verwenden Sie bitte in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Suchergebnissen den Link New entry , der Sie zum entsprechenden Forumsbereich leitet .
Das New Entry-Forum ist nur fr Einzeleinsendungen gedacht .
Fr Wortlisten gilt der nachfolgende Passus zu Wortschatzschenkungen .
Wenn Sie uns Wortschatz in grerem Umfang berlassen wollen , dann freuen wir uns ber eine entsprechende Wortschatzschenkung .
Bitte schreiben Sie in diesem Fall eine kurze E-Mail an das LEO team , damit wir das Vorgehen abklren knnen .
Wir knnen nur Wortschtze integrieren , an denen Sie die Rechte besitzen und uns zur Nutzung einrumen .
Sie mssen sich deshalb mit der bermittlung Ihrer Begriffsammlungen an LEO damit einverstanden erklren , dass LEO die Wortdaten selber oder durch Dritte weltweit ( online und offline ) verwerten , insbesondere in allen Nutzungsarten ( Print , auf Datentrgern oder in anderen Medien ) vervielfltigen , verbreiten und zum ffentlichen Abruf durch Dritte zugnglich machen darf .
Fr einfache Schreibfehler etc . benutzen Sie bitte das Formular Report a mistake .
Sie finden den entsprechenden Link auch in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Falls Ihnen Eintrge des Wrterbuchs zweifelhaft erscheinen und Sie die Meinung anderer Nutzer einholen mchten , berprfen Sie , ob es dazu nicht schon einen Forumsbeitrag gibt und starten Sie andernfalls eine Diskussion im Forum Falscher Eintrag in LEO ? ( s . auch unten , Forums ) .
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
Die Foren ( Links : Deutsch-Englisch , Deutsch-Franzsisch , Deutsch-Spanisch , Deutsch-Italienisch , Deutsch-Chinesisch , Deutsch-Russisch , Deutsch-Portugiesisch , Deutsch-Polnisch ) sollen Ihnen Gelegenheit geben , Fragen , Informationen , Kommentare und sonstige Anliegen , die sich um das Thema Sprache ranken , zu verffentlichen und sich hierber mit anderen Nutzern auszutauschen .
Fr die Teilnahme an den Foren gelten die folgenden Nutzungsbedingungen
Die Teilnahme an den Foren setzt die Registration unter wahrheitsgemer Nennung des Vor- und Nachnamens sowie einer gltigen E-Mail-Adresse voraus .
Wir weisen Sie ausdrcklich darauf hin , dass wir Ihnen die Nutzung unserer Foren nur gestatten , sofern Sie uns Ihre tatschliche Identitt offenbaren .
An den Diskussionen knnen Sie selbstverstndlich unter einem Pseudonym ( Nick/Alias ) teilnehmen .
Die Registrierung erfordert daher auch die Wahl eines Login sowie eines Nick/Alias .
Grundstzlich knnen Sie Ihren Nick so whlen , wie Ihr Login .
Aus Sicherheitsgrnden sollten Sie jedoch fr den Nick eine andere Zeichenfolge whlen als fr das Login , damit Dritte keine Mglichkeit fr einen Angriff auf Ihren registrierten Zugang haben .
Es ist nicht gestattet , unter mehreren verschiedenen Nicks und damit scheinbar unter verschiedenen Identitten in den Foren aufzutreten .
Jeder Nutzer , der einen Beitrag in eines unserer Foren einstellt , willigt unwiderruflich in die Verffentlichung dieses Beitrages im betreffenden Forum ein .
Der Nutzer hat gegenber LEO jedoch keinen Anspruch darauf , dass seine Beitrge in einem Forum verffentlicht werden .
Die Beitrge mssen sachbezogen sein , d. h. sich auf das Thema Sprache beziehen .
LEO ist berechtigt , Beitrge , die nicht zum Thema Sprache passen , zu lschen .
Die verschiedenen Rubriken ( Unterforen ) sind zu inhaltlichen Gebieten zusammengefasst .
Falls Sie eine Rubrik zum ersten Mal benutzen , lesen Sie bitte unbedingt vorab die fr jede Rubrik bereitgestellten Informationen ( info-Link rechts neben dem Rubrik-Titel ) .
Diese beschreiben die Charakteristika der Rubriken und geben Hinweise zur Einsendung von neuen Anfragen ( Diskussionen ) .
Bevor Sie eine neue Diskussion starten , prfen Sie bitte in jedem Fall anhand der Suchfunktion des Forums , ob nicht bereits eine passende Diskussion vorhanden ist . Falls dies nicht der Fall ist , gehen Sie auf die Startseite des Forums und klicken Sie auf die berschrift der betreffenden Rubrik .
Sie knnen dann ber den Button Neuer Artikel eine neue Diskussion starten .
In den Diskussionsforen soll ein hflicher und sachlicher Umgangston herrschen .
Sachliche Kritik , auch wenn sie scharf ausfllt , ist selbstverstndlich erlaubt .
Nicht erlaubt ist jedoch Schmhkritik sowie die Herabwrdigung von Personen oder sonstige Beitrge , die gegen geltendes deutsches Recht verstoen .
Soweit Leo davon Kenntnis erhlt , dass in einem Forum ein Beitrag eingestellt wurde , der gegen deutsches Strafrecht verstt , behlt sich LEO vor , die zustndige Staatsanwaltschaft zu informieren .
Wenn einem Nutzer ein Inhalt in einem Forum illegal oder zweifelhaft erscheint , bitten wir , uns sofort darber zu informieren , per E-Mail an das LEO team .
Bitte nennen Sie dabei den Grund oder die Grnde weshalb ein Beitrag rechtswidrig oder zumindest zweifelhaft sein soll , damit wir in der Lage sind , den Vorgang zu prfen .
Bitte senden Sie uns auch die URL ( Adresse des betreffenden Beitrags aus der Adresszeile Ihres Browsers ) mit ein , damit wir den Beitrag ausfindig machen knnen .
Durch die Registrierung entsteht ein Vertragsverhltnis zwischen LEO und dem registrierten Nutzer .
LEO ist berechtigt , Nutzer , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen oder die sich sonst in einer Weise verhalten , die eine Fortsetzung des Nutzungsvertrages fr LEO unzumutbar werden lsst , umgehend vorlufig zu sperren oder endgltig zu kndigen .
Darber hinaus kann LEO auch einzelne Beitrge , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen , entfernen .
Im Falle der Kndigung oder Sperrung ist der Betroffene nicht berechtigt , sich bei LEO ohne vorheriges schriftliches Einverstndnis unter dem selben oder einem anderen Login und/oder Nick erneut zu registrieren .
LEO ist berechtigt , aber nicht verpflichtet , die Beitrge des Nutzers , die er bis zur Kndigung in ein Forum eingestellt hat , weiterhin zu nutzen .
Gelschte Beitrge drfen nicht wieder eingestellt werden .
Terms of Usage / Privacy Policy
Contents offered by third parties
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
The private and business use of the services provided by leo.org is free of charge .
The exploitation and offer of these services to third parties for commercial gain is forbidden .
LEO does not accept liability for the correctness of the translations of words , terms and expressions , etc . that are offered .
Contents offered by third parties
LEO can not be held responsible for the subject and content of any web pages of third parties which are accessed via links displayed on our Internet site , nor does this content represent LEO 's opinion .
This applies to all the links displayed on our web site , and for all contents of pages accessed via banners and links registered with us and reached via our internet pages .
Please notify theLEO team .
Points of view and opinions put forward by third parties in our forums do not necessarily reflect the opinion of LEO .
These expressions of opinion are exclusively the responsibility of their authors .
If you should be of the opinion that illegal content has been posted in the forums , you are kindly asked to indicate this to theLEO team ( See also Section 6Forums . )
LEO does not record any personal data about its users unless they choose to register with LEO .
It is necessary to register with LEO in order to be able to obtain a license key for Lion Shareware , to make use of the vocabulary trainer , and to have personalised access to the forums .
As part of the registration , the user consents to the recording of the data which he or she provides to the extent that it is necessary for the purposes previously mentioned .
LEO guarantees that the data collected upon registration will not be passed on to third parties .
If you would like the personal data we have recorded about you to be erased , please send the LEO team [ - > to this effect < - ]
All rights arising in conjunction with the software developed for the purposes of this online service , as well as the databases on which it relies , and all other content belong to LEO GmbH unless another author or proprietor is explicitly named .
Any exploitation of the software , the data or any other content except in the form in which it is offered and provided at leo.org is prohibited .
In particular the automatic request of any kind of content by script or in any other manner is forbidden .
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
The development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like ( referred to hereinafter as `` tools '' ) for internet browsers which are designed to provide direct access to the contents of LEO is only permitted with prior consent of LEO .
Only tools which have been developed with the approval of LEO may be incorporated into internet browsers to provide access to LEO 's services .
A tool can only be approved if it carries LEO 's name and it presents the resulting page just as the one for entering a word-search appears on our site dict.leo.org .
Approval can not be granted if advertising displayed on LEO is circumvented by `` optimised solutions '' which obscure/remove the advertising content .
Links to LEO services are permitted .
However , we expect these links to lead directly to LEO 's dictionaries , and the page presenting the link must not contain any illegal or pornographic content .
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
LEO consents to the integration of a search box for queries to LEO dictionaries in another web site , on condition that :
LEO is named in the search box and it is clearly recognisable that the search box initiates a search in LEO dictionaries ,
the page presenting the results of a search inquiry is displayed unchanged ( possibly in a browser window of its own , but not in a frame of the provider 's website ) and , in particular , the advertising shall not be obscured .
These are the search boxes for our different dictionaries with a link to the relevant HTML code :
Most icons used on the LEO website are taken from the Oxygen Icon Set of the K Desktop Environment ( a big thanks to this valuable OpenSource project ) Oxygen Icon Set These icons are published under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported ( CC BY-SA 3.0 ) licence .
Alle Icons mit Lwen wurden in Eigenregie ergnzt , ebenfalls die folgenden Icons , die wir im Oxygen Icon Set nicht finden konnten und aus diesem erzeugt haben .
Sie stehen ebenfalls unter der CC BY-SA 3.0 .
Lampe ausLampe rotNeue KarteikarteKarteikastenOhne HakenCountry InfoExercise CorrectExercise SaladExercise SelfcontrolFInfotextLckentextDiktatZuordnenMultiplcechoiceReading ExerciseSortierenbersetzungMemorySprachtippsSlideshowVocablecardVocableexerciseLinks nach rechts
Download these icons as zip file .
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
LEO welcomes suggestions for new entries provided they are well researched and backed up by reputable sources and/or context examples .
You are also asked to read the detailed instructions about making new entries which you will find by clicking theHinweise .
Fr einzelne Begriffe verwenden Sie bitte in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Suchergebnissen den Link New entry , der Sie zum entsprechenden Forumsbereich leitet .
Das New Entry-Forum ist nur fr Einzeleinsendungen gedacht .
Fr Wortlisten gilt der nachfolgende Passus zu Wortschatzschenkungen .
Wenn Sie uns Wortschatz in grerem Umfang berlassen wollen , dann freuen wir uns ber eine entsprechende Wortschatzschenkung .
Bitte schreiben Sie in diesem Fall eine kurze E-Mail an das LEO team , damit wir das Vorgehen abklren knnen .
Wir knnen nur Wortschtze integrieren , an denen Sie die Rechte besitzen und uns zur Nutzung einrumen .
Sie mssen sich deshalb mit der bermittlung Ihrer Begriffsammlungen an LEO damit einverstanden erklren , dass LEO die Wortdaten selber oder durch Dritte weltweit ( online und offline ) verwerten , insbesondere in allen Nutzungsarten ( Print , auf Datentrgern oder in anderen Medien ) vervielfltigen , verbreiten und zum ffentlichen Abruf durch Dritte zugnglich machen darf .
Fr einfache Schreibfehler etc . benutzen Sie bitte das Formular Report a mistake .
Sie finden den entsprechenden Link auch in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Falls Ihnen Eintrge des Wrterbuchs zweifelhaft erscheinen und Sie die Meinung anderer Nutzer einholen mchten , berprfen Sie , ob es dazu nicht schon einen Forumsbeitrag gibt und starten Sie andernfalls eine Diskussion im Forum Falscher Eintrag in LEO ? ( s . auch unten , Forums ) .
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
Die Foren ( Links : Deutsch-Englisch , Deutsch-Franzsisch , Deutsch-Spanisch , Deutsch-Italienisch , Deutsch-Chinesisch , Deutsch-Russisch , Deutsch-Portugiesisch , Deutsch-Polnisch ) sollen Ihnen Gelegenheit geben , Fragen , Informationen , Kommentare und sonstige Anliegen , die sich um das Thema Sprache ranken , zu verffentlichen und sich hierber mit anderen Nutzern auszutauschen .
Fr die Teilnahme an den Foren gelten die folgenden Nutzungsbedingungen
Die Teilnahme an den Foren setzt die Registration unter wahrheitsgemer Nennung des Vor- und Nachnamens sowie einer gltigen E-Mail-Adresse voraus .
Wir weisen Sie ausdrcklich darauf hin , dass wir Ihnen die Nutzung unserer Foren nur gestatten , sofern Sie uns Ihre tatschliche Identitt offenbaren .
An den Diskussionen knnen Sie selbstverstndlich unter einem Pseudonym ( Nick/Alias ) teilnehmen .
Die Registrierung erfordert daher auch die Wahl eines Login sowie eines Nick/Alias .
Grundstzlich knnen Sie Ihren Nick so whlen , wie Ihr Login .
Aus Sicherheitsgrnden sollten Sie jedoch fr den Nick eine andere Zeichenfolge whlen als fr das Login , damit Dritte keine Mglichkeit fr einen Angriff auf Ihren registrierten Zugang haben .
Es ist nicht gestattet , unter mehreren verschiedenen Nicks und damit scheinbar unter verschiedenen Identitten in den Foren aufzutreten .
Jeder Nutzer , der einen Beitrag in eines unserer Foren einstellt , willigt unwiderruflich in die Verffentlichung dieses Beitrages im betreffenden Forum ein .
Der Nutzer hat gegenber LEO jedoch keinen Anspruch darauf , dass seine Beitrge in einem Forum verffentlicht werden .
Die Beitrge mssen sachbezogen sein , d. h. sich auf das Thema Sprache beziehen .
LEO ist berechtigt , Beitrge , die nicht zum Thema Sprache passen , zu lschen .
Die verschiedenen Rubriken ( Unterforen ) sind zu inhaltlichen Gebieten zusammengefasst .
Falls Sie eine Rubrik zum ersten Mal benutzen , lesen Sie bitte unbedingt vorab die fr jede Rubrik bereitgestellten Informationen ( info-Link rechts neben dem Rubrik-Titel ) .
Diese beschreiben die Charakteristika der Rubriken und geben Hinweise zur Einsendung von neuen Anfragen ( Diskussionen ) .
Bevor Sie eine neue Diskussion starten , prfen Sie bitte in jedem Fall anhand der Suchfunktion des Forums , ob nicht bereits eine passende Diskussion vorhanden ist . Falls dies nicht der Fall ist , gehen Sie auf die Startseite des Forums und klicken Sie auf die berschrift der betreffenden Rubrik .
Sie knnen dann ber den Button Neuer Artikel eine neue Diskussion starten .
In den Diskussionsforen soll ein hflicher und sachlicher Umgangston herrschen .
Sachliche Kritik , auch wenn sie scharf ausfllt , ist selbstverstndlich erlaubt .
Nicht erlaubt ist jedoch Schmhkritik sowie die Herabwrdigung von Personen oder sonstige Beitrge , die gegen geltendes deutsches Recht verstoen .
Soweit Leo davon Kenntnis erhlt , dass in einem Forum ein Beitrag eingestellt wurde , der gegen deutsches Strafrecht verstt , behlt sich LEO vor , die zustndige Staatsanwaltschaft zu informieren .
Wenn einem Nutzer ein Inhalt in einem Forum illegal oder zweifelhaft erscheint , bitten wir , uns sofort darber zu informieren , per E-Mail an das LEO team .
Bitte nennen Sie dabei den Grund oder die Grnde weshalb ein Beitrag rechtswidrig oder zumindest zweifelhaft sein soll , damit wir in der Lage sind , den Vorgang zu prfen .
Bitte senden Sie uns auch die URL ( Adresse des betreffenden Beitrags aus der Adresszeile Ihres Browsers ) mit ein , damit wir den Beitrag ausfindig machen knnen .
Durch die Registrierung entsteht ein Vertragsverhltnis zwischen LEO und dem registrierten Nutzer .
LEO ist berechtigt , Nutzer , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen oder die sich sonst in einer Weise verhalten , die eine Fortsetzung des Nutzungsvertrages fr LEO unzumutbar werden lsst , umgehend vorlufig zu sperren oder endgltig zu kndigen .
Darber hinaus kann LEO auch einzelne Beitrge , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen , entfernen .
Im Falle der Kndigung oder Sperrung ist der Betroffene nicht berechtigt , sich bei LEO ohne vorheriges schriftliches Einverstndnis unter dem selben oder einem anderen Login und/oder Nick erneut zu registrieren .
LEO ist berechtigt , aber nicht verpflichtet , die Beitrge des Nutzers , die er bis zur Kndigung in ein Forum eingestellt hat , weiterhin zu nutzen .
Gelschte Beitrge drfen nicht wieder eingestellt werden .
Terms of Usage / Privacy Policy
Contents offered by third parties
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
The private and business use of the services provided by leo.org is free of charge .
The exploitation and offer of these services to third parties for commercial gain is forbidden .
LEO does not accept liability for the correctness of the translations of words , terms and expressions , etc . that are offered .
Contents offered by third parties
LEO can not be held responsible for the subject and content of any web pages of third parties which are accessed via links displayed on our Internet site , nor does this content represent LEO 's opinion .
This applies to all the links displayed on our web site , and for all contents of pages accessed via banners and links registered with us and reached via our internet pages .
Please notify theLEO team .
Points of view and opinions put forward by third parties in our forums do not necessarily reflect the opinion of LEO .
These expressions of opinion are exclusively the responsibility of their authors .
If you should be of the opinion that illegal content has been posted in the forums , you are kindly asked to indicate this to theLEO team ( See also Section 6Forums . )
LEO does not record any personal data about its users unless they choose to register with LEO .
It is necessary to register with LEO in order to be able to obtain a license key for Lion Shareware , to make use of the vocabulary trainer , and to have personalised access to the forums .
As part of the registration , the user consents to the recording of the data which he or she provides to the extent that it is necessary for the purposes previously mentioned .
LEO guarantees that the data collected upon registration will not be passed on to third parties .
If you would like the personal data we have recorded about you to be erased , please send the LEO team [ - > to this effect < - ]
All rights arising in conjunction with the software developed for the purposes of this online service , as well as the databases on which it relies , and all other content belong to LEO GmbH unless another author or proprietor is explicitly named .
Any exploitation of the software , the data or any other content except in the form in which it is offered and provided at leo.org is prohibited .
In particular the automatic request of any kind of content by script or in any other manner is forbidden .
Development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like
The development of toolbars/plug-ins/applets and the like ( referred to hereinafter as `` tools '' ) for internet browsers which are designed to provide direct access to the contents of LEO is only permitted with prior consent of LEO .
Only tools which have been developed with the approval of LEO may be incorporated into internet browsers to provide access to LEO 's services .
A tool can only be approved if it carries LEO 's name and it presents the resulting page just as the one for entering a word-search appears on our site dict.leo.org .
Approval can not be granted if advertising displayed on LEO is circumvented by `` optimised solutions '' which obscure/remove the advertising content .
Links to LEO services are permitted .
However , we expect these links to lead directly to LEO 's dictionaries , and the page presenting the link must not contain any illegal or pornographic content .
Integrating of a search box in other web sites
LEO consents to the integration of a search box for queries to LEO dictionaries in another web site , on condition that :
LEO is named in the search box and it is clearly recognisable that the search box initiates a search in LEO dictionaries ,
the page presenting the results of a search inquiry is displayed unchanged ( possibly in a browser window of its own , but not in a frame of the provider 's website ) and , in particular , the advertising shall not be obscured .
These are the search boxes for our different dictionaries with a link to the relevant HTML code :
Most icons used on the LEO website are taken from the Oxygen Icon Set of the K Desktop Environment ( a big thanks to this valuable OpenSource project ) Oxygen Icon Set These icons are published under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported ( CC BY-SA 3.0 ) licence .
Alle Icons mit Lwen wurden in Eigenregie ergnzt , ebenfalls die folgenden Icons , die wir im Oxygen Icon Set nicht finden konnten und aus diesem erzeugt haben .
Sie stehen ebenfalls unter der CC BY-SA 3.0 .
Lampe ausLampe rotNeue KarteikarteKarteikastenOhne HakenCountry InfoExercise CorrectExercise SaladExercise SelfcontrolFInfotextLckentextDiktatZuordnenMultiplcechoiceReading ExerciseSortierenbersetzungMemorySprachtippsSlideshowVocablecardVocableexerciseLinks nach rechts
Download these icons as zip file .
Your participation and contributions
New entries for the dictionary
LEO welcomes suggestions for new entries provided they are well researched and backed up by reputable sources and/or context examples .
You are also asked to read the detailed instructions about making new entries which you will find by clicking theHinweise .
Fr einzelne Begriffe verwenden Sie bitte in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Suchergebnissen den Link New entry , der Sie zum entsprechenden Forumsbereich leitet .
Das New Entry-Forum ist nur fr Einzeleinsendungen gedacht .
Fr Wortlisten gilt der nachfolgende Passus zu Wortschatzschenkungen .
Wenn Sie uns Wortschatz in grerem Umfang berlassen wollen , dann freuen wir uns ber eine entsprechende Wortschatzschenkung .
Bitte schreiben Sie in diesem Fall eine kurze E-Mail an das LEO team , damit wir das Vorgehen abklren knnen .
Wir knnen nur Wortschtze integrieren , an denen Sie die Rechte besitzen und uns zur Nutzung einrumen .
Sie mssen sich deshalb mit der bermittlung Ihrer Begriffsammlungen an LEO damit einverstanden erklren , dass LEO die Wortdaten selber oder durch Dritte weltweit ( online und offline ) verwerten , insbesondere in allen Nutzungsarten ( Print , auf Datentrgern oder in anderen Medien ) vervielfltigen , verbreiten und zum ffentlichen Abruf durch Dritte zugnglich machen darf .
Fr einfache Schreibfehler etc . benutzen Sie bitte das Formular Report a mistake .
Sie finden den entsprechenden Link auch in der Navigationsleiste ber den Ankndigungen bzw .
Falls Ihnen Eintrge des Wrterbuchs zweifelhaft erscheinen und Sie die Meinung anderer Nutzer einholen mchten , berprfen Sie , ob es dazu nicht schon einen Forumsbeitrag gibt und starten Sie andernfalls eine Diskussion im Forum Falscher Eintrag in LEO ? ( s . auch unten , Forums ) .
Inhalt und Nutzung der Foren
Die Foren ( Links : Deutsch-Englisch , Deutsch-Franzsisch , Deutsch-Spanisch , Deutsch-Italienisch , Deutsch-Chinesisch , Deutsch-Russisch , Deutsch-Portugiesisch , Deutsch-Polnisch ) sollen Ihnen Gelegenheit geben , Fragen , Informationen , Kommentare und sonstige Anliegen , die sich um das Thema Sprache ranken , zu verffentlichen und sich hierber mit anderen Nutzern auszutauschen .
Fr die Teilnahme an den Foren gelten die folgenden Nutzungsbedingungen
Die Teilnahme an den Foren setzt die Registration unter wahrheitsgemer Nennung des Vor- und Nachnamens sowie einer gltigen E-Mail-Adresse voraus .
Wir weisen Sie ausdrcklich darauf hin , dass wir Ihnen die Nutzung unserer Foren nur gestatten , sofern Sie uns Ihre tatschliche Identitt offenbaren .
An den Diskussionen knnen Sie selbstverstndlich unter einem Pseudonym ( Nick/Alias ) teilnehmen .
Die Registrierung erfordert daher auch die Wahl eines Login sowie eines Nick/Alias .
Grundstzlich knnen Sie Ihren Nick so whlen , wie Ihr Login .
Aus Sicherheitsgrnden sollten Sie jedoch fr den Nick eine andere Zeichenfolge whlen als fr das Login , damit Dritte keine Mglichkeit fr einen Angriff auf Ihren registrierten Zugang haben .
Es ist nicht gestattet , unter mehreren verschiedenen Nicks und damit scheinbar unter verschiedenen Identitten in den Foren aufzutreten .
Jeder Nutzer , der einen Beitrag in eines unserer Foren einstellt , willigt unwiderruflich in die Verffentlichung dieses Beitrages im betreffenden Forum ein .
Der Nutzer hat gegenber LEO jedoch keinen Anspruch darauf , dass seine Beitrge in einem Forum verffentlicht werden .
Die Beitrge mssen sachbezogen sein , d. h. sich auf das Thema Sprache beziehen .
LEO ist berechtigt , Beitrge , die nicht zum Thema Sprache passen , zu lschen .
Die verschiedenen Rubriken ( Unterforen ) sind zu inhaltlichen Gebieten zusammengefasst .
Falls Sie eine Rubrik zum ersten Mal benutzen , lesen Sie bitte unbedingt vorab die fr jede Rubrik bereitgestellten Informationen ( info-Link rechts neben dem Rubrik-Titel ) .
Diese beschreiben die Charakteristika der Rubriken und geben Hinweise zur Einsendung von neuen Anfragen ( Diskussionen ) .
Bevor Sie eine neue Diskussion starten , prfen Sie bitte in jedem Fall anhand der Suchfunktion des Forums , ob nicht bereits eine passende Diskussion vorhanden ist . Falls dies nicht der Fall ist , gehen Sie auf die Startseite des Forums und klicken Sie auf die berschrift der betreffenden Rubrik .
Sie knnen dann ber den Button Neuer Artikel eine neue Diskussion starten .
In den Diskussionsforen soll ein hflicher und sachlicher Umgangston herrschen .
Sachliche Kritik , auch wenn sie scharf ausfllt , ist selbstverstndlich erlaubt .
Nicht erlaubt ist jedoch Schmhkritik sowie die Herabwrdigung von Personen oder sonstige Beitrge , die gegen geltendes deutsches Recht verstoen .
Soweit Leo davon Kenntnis erhlt , dass in einem Forum ein Beitrag eingestellt wurde , der gegen deutsches Strafrecht verstt , behlt sich LEO vor , die zustndige Staatsanwaltschaft zu informieren .
Wenn einem Nutzer ein Inhalt in einem Forum illegal oder zweifelhaft erscheint , bitten wir , uns sofort darber zu informieren , per E-Mail an das LEO team .
Bitte nennen Sie dabei den Grund oder die Grnde weshalb ein Beitrag rechtswidrig oder zumindest zweifelhaft sein soll , damit wir in der Lage sind , den Vorgang zu prfen .
Bitte senden Sie uns auch die URL ( Adresse des betreffenden Beitrags aus der Adresszeile Ihres Browsers ) mit ein , damit wir den Beitrag ausfindig machen knnen .
Durch die Registrierung entsteht ein Vertragsverhltnis zwischen LEO und dem registrierten Nutzer .
LEO ist berechtigt , Nutzer , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen oder die sich sonst in einer Weise verhalten , die eine Fortsetzung des Nutzungsvertrages fr LEO unzumutbar werden lsst , umgehend vorlufig zu sperren oder endgltig zu kndigen .
Darber hinaus kann LEO auch einzelne Beitrge , die gegen die vorgenannten Nutzungsbedingungen verstoen , entfernen .
Im Falle der Kndigung oder Sperrung ist der Betroffene nicht berechtigt , sich bei LEO ohne vorheriges schriftliches Einverstndnis unter dem selben oder einem anderen Login und/oder Nick erneut zu registrieren .
LEO ist berechtigt , aber nicht verpflichtet , die Beitrge des Nutzers , die er bis zur Kndigung in ein Forum eingestellt hat , weiterhin zu nutzen .
Gelschte Beitrge drfen nicht wieder eingestellt werden .

Digg knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared , and we take your privacy very seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
In connection with your use of Digg , we receive information about you from various sources , including : ( i ) through your Digg user account ( your `` Account '' ) ; ( ii ) your use of Digg generally ; and ( iii ) from third party websites and services .
When you use Digg , you are consenting to the collection , transfer , manipulation , storage , transmission , disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) we gather when you are using or accessing Digg .
This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control , including but not limited to any third party websites , content sources , services and applications ( `` Third Party Services '' ) that you elect to access through Digg , or to individuals that we do not manage or employ .
While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy , we can not take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services .
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access .
What Information Is Collected by Digg
The information we gather enables us to personalize , improve and continue to operate Digg .
In connection with certain aspects of Digg , we may request , collect and/or display some of your Personal Information .
We collect the following types of information from our users .
When you create an Account or login using your Twitter , Facebook , and/or Google credentials , you will provide information that could be Personal Information , such as your username , password and email address .
You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you , and by creating an account with Digg and providing Personal Information to us , you allow others , including us , to identify you and therefore may not be anonymous .
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services , including without limitation , notifications regarding the Services and , upon your request , email digests of content shared by those that you follow on Digg , Twitter , Facebook , and/or Google .
You may unsubscribe from these messages through your Account settings , although we regardless reserve the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary , such as for account recovery purposes .
User Content and URL Information :
Digg allows you to provide content to Digg , such as the ability to digg and Submit collections of content and uniform resource locators ( `` URLs '' ) , written descriptions of content or URLs , comments , text , images and video .
We may also collect and store information regarding the content in your Digg , Twitter , Facebook , and /or Google feeds and the original URL , and associate that information with your Account .
We also collect and store ( i ) the time and date on which the content was first dugg , submitted , or shared and ( ii ) information on the channels through which the content was shared , e.g. , to other Digg users , Twitter followers , Facebook friends , and/or Google connections .
We share certain information about you , such as your username , any avatar or image you elect to post , your Twitter , Facebook , and/or Google username , your reading feeds through Digg , Twitter , Facebook , Google , and other Third Party Services , and other information you elect to make public to your followers in Digg , your followers on Twitter , your friends on Facebook , and/or your connections on Google .
This may include Personal Information , but only to the extent that you decide to share such information with others .
We may retain content submitted by you to Digg indefinitely , even after you terminate your Account .
Digg Reader Information :
If you are a Digg Reader user , we will maintain information about the sources and subscriptions , including RSS and other content feeds , that you choose to follow .
We will collect and store ( i ) all articles and posts that are part of your subscribed feeds , ( ii ) data associated with those items , such as the time and date they were published , ( iii ) whether and when you viewed , saved , or marked them as read , ( iv ) information related to your organizational choices , such as the folders or tags you assign to sources , and ( v ) information necessary to complete actions you may choose to take with particular items , such as digging , saving , liking , recommending , or sharing to Third Party Services .
Metrics and Analytics :
We collect information about accesses of content curated through Digg , as well as interactions with Digg Reader .
This information includes , but is not limited to : ( i ) the IP address and physical location of the devices accessing the curated content or interacting with Digg Reader ; ( ii ) the time and date of each access or interactions ; and ( iii ) information about sharing of curated content or content appearing in Digg Reader .
Information Collected From Third Party Services :
Some features of Digg allow you to share your Digg curated content and Digg Reader content through Third Party Services , as well as your content from Third Party Services through Digg .
If you choose to connect Digg to such Third Party Services , we may collect information related to your use of those Third Party Services , such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your Third Party Service accounts .
We may otherwise collect information about how you are using Digg to interact with those connected Third Party Services .
Note that Third Party Services may have the ability to restrict the information that is provided to us .
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically :
We automatically receive and record information from the Digg application or your web browser when you interact with Digg , including your IP address and cookie information .
This information is used to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with Digg ( e.g. , what content you have clicked on ) .
Generally , Digg automatically collects usage information , such as the number and frequency of users accessing Digg , Digg Reader , and its various streams of content .
We may use this data in aggregate form , that is , as a statistical measure , but not in a manner that would identify you personally .
This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of Digg so that we can analyze and improve them .
Information Collected Using Cookies :
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser or application when you access a website or service .
Your browser stores cookies in a manner associated with each website or service you visit .
We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser or Digg application and tell us how and when you visit and use Digg through the web or through an application .
Digg cookies also allow us to track when you have accessed content through Digg .
Each access is tracked using a unique identifier assigned to you in one or more cookies stored by your web browser or application and associated with Digg .
Digg cookies do not , by themselves , contain Personal Information , and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are .
As noted , however , we do use cookies to identify that your web browser or application has accessed content through Digg and may associate that information with your Account if you have one .
This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties .
We do not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer or device .
For example , third party websites may set their own cookies .
We collect statistical information about how people use Digg ( `` Aggregate Information '' ) .
Some of this information is derived from Personal Information , such as your location ( which , in turn , can be derived from your IP address or through location based services used by your device ) .
This statistical information is not Personal Information and can not be tied back to you , your Account , your web browser or your Digg application .
How and To Whom Is My Information Shared
Digg is designed to help you share information that you or people you choose to follow locate on the web with others .
As a result , much of the information generated through Digg is shared publicly or with third parties .
All Digg content is public .
Your activity on the Digg network is public and can be distributed to anyone that follows you .
We may also distribute content and feeds through an email digest to users who have elected to receive such email digests .
Public Digg Activity Information :
Some of your activity on and through Digg is public by default .
This includes , but is not limited to , URLs that you have `` dugg '' or URLs submitted to Digg .
Individuals reading this information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge .
Therefore , we urge you to think carefully about these actions .
Information You Elect to Share :
In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy , you should also review the terms of service and privacy policies of any Third Party Services that you access through Digg .
Digg respects the privacy settings/policies that you have selected with Third Party Services , and only shares information consistent with those privacy settings and policies .
You may otherwise access Third Party Services through Digg , for example by accessing curated content .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party Services , and you are responsible for reading and understanding those privacy policies .
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on or through Digg .
User Profile Information :
User profile information including your username , avatars or images you elect to upload and other information you enter may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within Digg .
We will not directly reveal users ' email addresses to other users .
We share Aggregate Information with our partners , service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business .
We share this type of statistical data so that our partners can understand how and how often people use Digg and their services or websites , which facilitates improving both their services and how we interface with them .
In addition , these third parties may share with us non-private , aggregated or otherwise non Personal Information about you that they have independently developed or acquired .
Information Shared with Our Agents :
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control ( our `` Agents '' ) .
We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you .
Unless we tell you differently , our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents .
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers :
In some cases , we may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , user information is typically one of the transferred business assets .
Moreover , if we , or substantially all of our assets associated with Digg , were acquired , or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy , user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquirer of us may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy .
Information Disclosed for the Protection of Us and Others :
We also reserve the right to access , read , preserve , and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to ( i ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request , ( ii ) enforce these Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations hereof , ( iii ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , ( iv ) respond to user support requests , or ( v ) protect our rights , property or safety , our users and the public .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam prevention .
Information We Share With Your Consent :
Except as set forth above , you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties , and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
If you sign up for The Daily Digg email via the Digg website or in any other Digg application , you will receive an email once daily highlighting some curated or other content on Digg .
Regardless of whether you decide to receive The Daily Digg , as part of Digg , you may occasionally receive from us email and other communication relating to your Account .
These emails will only be sent for important purposes , such as password recovery .
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us .
We use this confirmation to improve email deliverability or our customer service .
Is Information About Me Secure
Your Account information ( including your Twitter , Facebook , Google or other third-party logins ) is protected for your privacy and security .
You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account .
We endeavor to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private ; however , we can not guarantee the security of any Account information .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
We otherwise store all of our information , including your IP address information , using industry-standard security techniques .
We do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you we store , Personal Information or otherwise .
What Information of Mine Can I Access
You can access information associated with your Account by logging into the web version of Digg , or through the Digg application .
You can adjust settings and privacy preferences through your Account settings .
Registered and unregistered users can access all of the above information .
How Can I Delete My Account
Should you ever decide to delete your Account , you may do so by visiting digg.com/settings or by visiting Account Settings in the Digg mobile application .
If you terminate and delete your Account , any association between your Account and information stored by , or in connection with , Digg will no longer be accessible .
However , given the nature of sharing using Digg , any public activity on your Account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers and will remain accessible to the public .
What Choices Do I Have Regarding My Information
As stated previously , you can opt not to disclose certain information to us , even though it may be needed to take advantage of some Digg features .
You can delete your Account or adjust your Account 's privacy settings .
Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account , and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by us and may be publicly accessible .
What Happens When There Are Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make changes in the way we collect or use information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on or within Digg or sending you an email .
A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses Digg after such changes have been first posted .
What If I Have Questions or Concerns
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .
Effective Date : June 25 , 2013

WELCOME TO THE DILBERT.COM PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies only to Dilbert.com ( however accessed ) and other interactive features or downloads that are accessible or downloadable through , or related to , Dilbert.com and owed by Universal Uclick ( collectively , the Web Site ) .
The Web Site is owned by Universal Uclick ( `` Universal Uclick , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at or via the Web Site and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by Universal Uclick ( unless specifically stated ) .
This Privacy Policy addresses how Universal Uclick collects information at or via the Web Site , what information it collects , how it may use this information and other related issues .
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully .
In addition , please review the Web Site 's Terms of Use , which govern your use of the Web Site .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personally identifiable information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , the law provides that if the company has a Privacy Policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personally identifiable information by third parties ( such as advertisers ) for marketing purposes , the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options .
Universal Uclick has opted for the alternative option and therefore it has a comprehensive Privacy Policy and provides you with details on how you may opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personally identifiable information by third parties for direct marketing purposes .
Therefore , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of third parties that received your personally identifiable information for marketing purposes .
This policy statement discloses our privacy practices including the notification of :
Personally identifiable information collected through the Web Site ;
Intended usage of this information ;
Choices available regarding opt-in/opt-out , data collection , use and distribution of the information ;
Security measures designed to protect the loss or misuse of information under our control ; and
How to maintain the accuracy of your information .
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND USED
Information You Provide To The Web Site
The Web Site may collect personally identifiable information about you , such as your name and e-mail address ( Personal Information ) and other information that , on its own , can not be used to identify you personally , such as your age ( `` Demographic Information '' ) .
We may collect the Personal Information and Demographic Information at multiple places on the Web Site , including , the Web Site 's main registration form ; entry forms for contests , sweepstakes , or surveys ; or when you submit content or communications to the Web Site .
If we ever use any Demographic Information together with any Personal Information , such Demographic Information will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
We will use the Personal Information and Demographic Information you provide to the Web Site as disclosed at the time we collect the information from you .
In addition , this information may be used to :
Send you communications , including e-mails containing Dilbert comics , Dilbert newsletters and Dilbert mash ups ;
Notify you about content or features available at the Web Site ;
Notify you about additions or changes to content you or others have submitted to the Web Site ;
Send you communications on behalf of third parties , including promotional offers ;
Contact you with regard to a sweepstakes , contest , survey or promotion in which you have participated ;
Register you for participation in an online activity ;
Complete a transaction , provide you with a refund or authorize a purchase that you have requested ;
Verify the accuracy of information you submit to the Web Site ;
Collect and respond to reports of inappropriate conduct at the Web Site ;
Monitor , administer or improve the Web Site or develop future web sites or for other internal business purposes ;
Customize and tailor the Web Site 's advertising and other content ;
Contact you about the Web Site , your Personal Information or content , to provide customer service or give important notices or to respond to inquiries you make through the Web Site ; or
Comply with and monitor compliance with the Web Site 's Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and polices .
Information submitted to the Web Site through a `` contact us '' form , address or other similar mechanism , or when you otherwise e-mail us , may not receive a response from Universal Uclick .
We will not use this information to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information to us by email .
This Web Site may make blogs , message boards and other public forums available to its users .
If you post Personal Information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public .
We also can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose Personal Information in these areas .
Also , remember that if you submit comments , votes , blog entries , comic strip text , photographs , videos , music or other user-generated content to the Web Site , it may be published online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or hereafter developed ) .
Others may have access to this content and may have the ability to share it with third parties across the Internet .
Universal Uclick may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information with the content ( or a portion thereof ) , and Universal Uclick may use the content , ( or a portion thereof ) for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities .
For full terms and conditions regarding user-generated content you submit to the Web Site , please review the Web Site 's Terms of Use .
Content You Send From The Web Site To A Friend
If you send a friend a communication from the Web Site , the information you provide is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose , unless we obtain additional consent .
Third Parties Provide Us With Information About You
We also may , from time to time , combine the information we collect from you with information obtained from third parties .
We may do this to provide you with services , tailor our content to you or present you with a chance to purchase products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may combine information received from third parties with information we collect through the Web Site .
In those cases , we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal identifiable information received from third parties , unless we tell you otherwise at the time you provide us with your personally identifiable information .
We Collect Information As You Access And Use The Web Site
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information related to your usage of the Web Site and how you arrived at the Web Site ( Usage Information ) , which may include a visitor 's `` IP Address '' ( discussed below ) or another unique identifier for a device used to access the Internet , operating system , browser type , referring web site URL .
This Usage Information allows us , among other things , to calculate the number of visitors to the Web Site , diagnose problems with the Web Site 's server and operate the Web Site .
Usage Information may also be used to tailor and improve the Web Site , serve you relevant content and/or advertising at the Web Site and serve you an appropriate version of a web page .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to you whenever you access the Internet and is often associated with the place where you enter the Internet like your ISP ( Internet Service Provider ) , your company or your university .
This IP address may be the same each time you access the Internet or it may change .
the web site uses cookies and web beacons
Web pages at the Web Site may utilize cookies , which are small data files that your web browser places on your computer ( or other Internet-accessing device ) when you visit a web site .
These cookies may allow us to collect information to tailor your user interface and facilitate your navigation of the Web Site .
Your browser may allow you to reject cookies .
However , the Web Site may not function properly if you reject cookies .
We do not typically save Personal Information in cookies , but we may link cookies to any information we collect .
The Web Site may also use web beacons , clear gifs , pixel tags or technologies ( as they become available ) , which allow Universal Uclick and third parties to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of a web page , web-based document or message sent by the Web Site , such as browser type .
We use the information collected though these technologies for a variety of purposes , such as to serve you relevant content and/or advertising at the Web Site , count Web Site visitors and monitor Web Site traffic patterns .
the web site uses embedded scripts
Scripts and other programming code used in the Web Site may collect non-personally identifiable information regarding use of the Web Site , such as web pages visited , for how long they are visited and which links are clicked .
We may use this information for a number of purposes , for example , to enhance or customize content served to users of the Web Site .
third-party ad serving & audience and traffic measurement services
The Web Site may use third party network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Web Site and may use a traffic measurement service to analyze traffic on the Web Site .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to the Web Site and other web sites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
Although advertisers and other companies do not have access to cookies set by the Web Site , the Web Site 's third party ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors , and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies and technologies on your computer .
These third party cookies and/or technologies may be set to , among other things , help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third party cookies and/or technologies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Third party cookies , web beacons and other technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
HOW AND WHEN WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties ' marketing purposes unless you opt-in to or opt-out of such sharing at the time you provide your Personal Information ( for example , you may be provided with an opt-out choice on a sweepstakes registration form ) .
We may share non-personally identifiable information , including aggregated statistics and Usage Information that is not associated with Personal Information , with third parties .
Also , we may share information collected about you , including Personal Information ( `` Information ) , as disclosed in this Privacy Policy , as explained when you provide your information and as described below :
third party providers , vendors and licensees
We may use or otherwise authorize third parties for certain purposes related to exercising our rights or performing our obligations under the Web Site 's Terms of Use , such as hosting the Web Site , designing and/or operating Web Site features , enabling us to send you communications , or distributing or otherwise exploiting content or communications .
These other companies and individuals may have access to Information , but will only have access to perform services for you or Universal Uclick .
sweepstakes , contests and promotions
We may offer sweepstakes , contests , and other promotions through the Web Site .
These features may require registration .
If you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion , Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion .
For example , in connection with winner selection ; prize fulfillment ; and as required by law , such as on a winners list .
You may also need to agree to the to the official rules for a promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor ( s ) of the promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion .
safety and legal obligations
We may also transfer and disclose Information to third parties :
if we must respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process or other valid law enforcement measures ;
if governmental authorities request it ;
in connection with a legal obligation ;
if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law ;
to protect and/or defend the Web Site 's Terms of Use or other Web Site policies ;
to protect the rights , safety , rights , property or security of any individual ; or
in an emergency situation .
We may also use IP address to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion .
We may disclosure and transfer Information : ( i ) our parent and its and our subsidiaries and affiliates ; ( ii ) to a subsequent owner , co-owner or operator of the Web Site or applicable database ; or ( iii ) in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of Universal Uclick 's stock and/or assets or other corporate change , including , without limitation , during the course of any due diligence process ; provided , however , that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such Information .
The Web Site is a general audience web site .
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) on the Web Site and we will delete any information later determined to be from a user younger than thirteen ( 13 ) .
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION AND SUBSCRIPTIONS AND QUESTIONS
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us , such as your contact information provided as part of registration .
The Web Site may allow you to correct or update Information you have provided to us through a Web Site registration form or otherwise .
We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
You may cancel or modify your subscriptions to e-mails from the Web Site by following the instructions contained within an e-mail you receive from the Web Site .
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Web Site may link to or contain links to other third party web sites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Web Site and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party web site .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Web Site and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
Third party applications may be available via the Web Site .
The owners of these applications ( `` Third Party Owners '' ) may collect your information and may have their own policies and practices .
While we ask Third Party Owners to refrain from collecting your Personal Information without first obtaining your prior consent , we do not guarantee that all Third Party Owners will abide by this request .
We do not screen or pre-approve Third Party Owners or their applications and we have no control over how Third Party Owners or their applications use your Information .
These Third Party Owners may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same .
We are not responsible for these policies or the practices of Third Party Owners .
Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a third party application or otherwise interacting with it .
TRANSFER TO THE UNITED STATES
The Web Site is operated in the United States and intended for residents of the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , be aware that Information we collect will be transferred to the United States .
By using the Web Site , accessing the Web Site or providing your information to the Web Site or Universal Uclick , you consent to this transfer .
No data transmission over the Internet , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect , and you do so at your own risk .
Nonetheless , we have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your Information and privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any Information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your Information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable Information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when we deem appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on the Web Site and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS THE WEB SITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING THE WEB SITE .
If , at any point , we decide to use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us .
Users will have a choice ( by means of an opt-in or opt-out at our discretion ) as to whether or not we use their Personal Information in this different manner .
We will use Personal Information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected if you opt-out of the new policy .
This Privacy Policy as posted on the Web Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to the Web Site , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Web Site .
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is December 28th , 2008 .
2008 Universal Uclick All Rights Reserved .

The Walt Disney Company has a rich tradition of bringing great stories , characters and experiences to our guests around the world , and our sites and applications are created to entertain and connect guests with the best that we have to offer on the platforms and devices our guests prefer .
Our privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles , in a format that our guests can navigate , read and understand .
We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Last Modified : December 30 , 2013
This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application .
We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate .
Types of Information We Collect
How We Collect Your Information
Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
Your Controls and Choices
Data Security and Integrity
Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Types of Information We Collect
We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information .
We collect the following categories of information :
Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password
Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information
Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account
Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information
Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send
back to top of page
How We Collect Your Information
We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us .
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform .
The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices .
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications .
We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms .
Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies .
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically .
Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it .
back to top of page
Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information .
The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here .
Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :
Provide you with the products and services you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies
Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you :
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services
Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications
Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications .
To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising .
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
back to top of page
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including :
When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as :
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices .
When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services
When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law
When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law
back to top of page
Your Controls and Choices
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information .
In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :
You may correct , update and delete your registration account
You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts
You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you
You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services
You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same
You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you .
Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences .
If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications .
Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features .
When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :
Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children
Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity
Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted
For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy .
back to top of page
Data Security and Integrity
The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
back to top of page
Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information .
Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent .
We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia .
back to top of page
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes .
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent .
back to top of page
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services .
Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information .
Notice to California Residents : If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains .
If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online .
back to top of page
Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest .
back to top of page
Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest .
back to top of page
Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests .
back to top of page
Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information .
In the United States and Latin America , the term `` children '' refers to individuals under 13 years of age .
back to top of page
The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :
Sites and Applications Company Contact Information
Disney Club Penguin ( `` Club Penguin '' ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online Studios Canada Inc . )
c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc .
1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500
Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y 9X1
Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc .
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America
Disney Studio All Access
Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Disney Interactive
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America
All other sites and applications Disney Online Disney Interactive
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America
back to top of page
A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) .
back to top of page
An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information .
back to top of page
Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
back to top of page
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law .
back to top of page
Parents means a parent or legal guardian .
back to top of page
Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number .
When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information .
back to top of page
Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience .
If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party .
To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services .
back to top of page
The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names .
These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services .
The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :
back to top of page
Guest Services Contact Information
United States of America :
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America
For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 .
Disney Interactive has received the TRUSTe Privacy Seal in the United States , signifying that this privacy policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program listed on the validation page available when you click on the TRUSTe Privacy Seal .
The TRUSTe program covers only those properties identified on the validation page .
If you believe that Disney Interactive has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you may contact TRUSTe here or the United States Federal Trade Commission through its online consumer complaint form available here

DX undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are :
If you visit DX 's web-site , your web-browser automatically discloses , and DX 's web-server automatically logs , the following information : the date and time , the IP address from which you issued the request , the type of browser and operating system you are using , the URL of any page that referred you to the page , the URL you requested , and whether your request was successful .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
Any additional data that you provide , e.g . in a web-form , may also be logged .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
Any additional data that your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged .
This will be the case , for example , if your browser has previously been requested to store data on your computer in 'cookies ' and submits them each time you request a web-page within a particular domain ( such as DX.com ) .
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you .
If you disclose personal data to DX in conjunction with an identifier such as your name or your contact details ( such as your e-mail address ) , DX will collect Your Data .
Moreover , any data that becomes available to DX through any of the means described in the preceding paragraphs may be able to be associated with that identifier , and hence become Your Data .
Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes to collect Your Data from you and not from other parties .
This undertaking is qualified as follows :
Where DX reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources , or from additional sources .
This applies in particular where DX has a lending exposure to you , and seeks information about your creditworthiness ;
Where DX reasonably considers that its capability to deliver quality services to you will be materially enhanced by gathering Your Data from other sources .
This applies in particular to consumer profile data .
Where DX collects Your Data from sources other than you , it undertakes :
To do so only by legal means ;
To do so only with your Consent ; and
To declare to you what sources it uses , and under what circumstances .
DX undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful , and to avoid vague , highly inclusive statements such as 'to support our operations ' .
DX undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity .
DX undertakes to store Your Data only in jurisdictions where data protections are at least equivalent to those required under the OECD Guidelines .
DX undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity .
DX undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behavior by DX 's staff-members and contractors .
Training for staff in relation to privacy ;
Access control , to limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it ;
Particularly in the case of sensitive data , audit trails of accesses , including the identities of staff and contractors accessing the data ;
Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy , and the consequences of inappropriate behavior ;
Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behavior
Clear communication of policies and sanctions ; and
Processes to audit , to investigate and to impose sanctions .
Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of DX , or any staff-member or contractor of DX in the course of their work .
DX undertakes to use Your Data only for :
The purposes for which it was collected ;
Such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between DX and You ;
Such additional purposes as may be required by law .
In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and
Such additional purposes as are authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g . if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) .
DX undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put .
DX undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose , e.g . because it is inaccurate , out-of-date , incomplete , or out-of-context .
Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than DX and You .
The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer , including selling , renting , trading , sharing and giving .
DX undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances :
In the course of business being conducted between You and DX , where disclosure is necessary to a contractor , such as payment processors like PayPal and transportation companies .
Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;
In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and DX at the time of data collection or subsequently .
Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;
With your consent , or at your request ;
Where required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena .
In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ;
Where permitted by law ( e.g . the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency ; and in an emergency , where DX believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person ) , provided that DX will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable .
In all cases , DX undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances .
Data Retention and Destruction
Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes :
To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose ; and
To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired , and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered .
This undertaking is qualified as follows :
Your Data may be retained in DX 's logs , backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company 's operations .
In such cases , Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles ;
Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena , or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent .
In these circumstances DX :
Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and
Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current , and will then destroy Your Data ;
DX follows all of the existing Google 's Remarketing Privacy Guidelines , Policies , and Restrictions .
DX uses Analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on your prior visits to DX.com .
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page .
Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g . if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) .
In these circumstances , DX will only retain Your Data while that situation is current and will then destroy Your Data .
Access by You to Your Personal Data
DX undertakes to provide you with access to Your Data , subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances .
In particular , DX undertakes to enable access :
DX undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity , but practical .
This may involve some inconvenience ; for example , relatively straightforward procedures may be involved in order to provide you with access through a channel that you have previously registered with DX ( such as a particular email-address ) , but may impose more onerous procedures if you wish to use some other channel .
In the event that you dispute some aspect of Your Data , DX undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment , supplementation or deletion of Your Data .
Not to seek access for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently ;
To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by DX to you .
Information about Data-Handling Practices
DX undertakes to make information available to you about the manner in which DX handles your data :
In general terms , in a readily accessible manner
In more specific terms , on request
Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor , DX undertakes to make information available to you on request about the manner in which DX 's contractors handle your data .
DX undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful and addresses your concerns .
Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently
To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and DX 's business processes , and may harm DX 's commercial interests .
Handling of Enquiries , General Concerns and Complaints
If you have enquiries , general concerns , or complaints about these Terms , or about DX 's behavior in relation to these Terms , you undertake :
To communicate them in the first instance :
Through a channel made available by DX for that purpose
To provide one or more channels for communications to DX , which are convenient to users
To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications , including the provision of a copy of the communication , the date and time it was registered , and DX 's reference-code for the communication ;
To promptly provide a response to the communication , in an appropriate and meaningful manner .
You further undertake to not pursue DX through any Regulator or the media :
Until and unless DX has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication ; and
While DX and you remain are conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter .
DX declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations , and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions .
These include laws relating to data protection , privacy , fair trading , corporations and criminal laws .
You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and DX , in particular the jurisdiction in which you live or in which you performed the relevant acts , and the jurisdiction in which DX is domiciled or performed the relevant acts .
If you wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction , DX draws your attention to the following resources :
World LII Privacy Links
Compilation of [ U.S. ] State and Federal Privacy Laws , Privacy Journal , Providence RI
Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004 , EPIC , Washington DC
the Australian Privacy Foundation 's pages :
International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law
Privacy Laws of Countries of the World
Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia
Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia
Changes to These Privacy Undertakings
Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ;
To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ;
Where it is considering making changes to these Terms , or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services , to consult with appropriate representative and advocacy organizations ;
Where it makes changes to these Terms , to ensure that the differences between successive versions are readily accessible ;
To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated , and readily accessible .
DX means DX.com .
Your Data means data that is capable of being associated with you , whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as your name or customer number .
In particular , it encompasses all data that DX is capable of correlating with you , using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents .
Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with you .
This includes aggregated data that does not and can not identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation .
Consent means your concurrence with an action to be taken by DX .
Consent may be express or implicit , but in either case must be informed and freely-given .

Privacy & Security Policy
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective on Jan 26th , 2010 .
Focalprice.com takes precautions to protect your Personal information .
When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline .
The policy of allowing access to this Personal Information is only to our staffs with a need to know .
We also use available technology and encryption , when legally required or when appropriate for your protection , to provide a more secure environment and to reduce the chance of unauthorized access .
Personal Information is stored in a secure environment protected by a combination of physical and technical measures .
Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization .
Focalprice.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to any outside parties .
This information may be collected
Register email , Password ( No any other body can get your password include our staffs , it is encrypted ! )
Nickname , IP address , the date and time , browser and operating system , the URL you request , your PayPal email , your PayPal shipping address ; Other information if you want to share with us , like Phone number etc .
When you browse our website , we may collect this information :
IP address , browser and operating system , the URL you request .
When you register in our website , we may collect this information :
Register email , Password , Nickname , IP address , the date and time , browser and operating system , the URL you request .
When you order in our website , we may collect this information :
Register email , Password , Nickname , IP address , the date and time , browser and operating system , the URL you request , your PayPal email , your PayPal shipping address
When we have more cooperation ( like drop shipping ) , we may collect more information :
like Phone number , your website , MSN , your reviews and testimonials etc
We need the information to process your orders and offer better services to you ; we want to make it easier to tailor our products and services to your particular needs .
We also want you to have the most enjoyable Internet and shopping experiences possible .
This Personal Information also may be used to contact by email you about sales , special offers and new site features , unless you have elected not to receive promotional communications in connection with this website .
However , if you do not like receive promotion emails from us , we will respect you wish .
Any email we send you will contain an easy automated unsubscribed link so that you can opt-out of that subscription .
Simply follow the indications in the email .
Our website contains links to other sites ( like tracking web ) .
Please be aware that Focalprice.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website .
If you wish to talk to a focalprice.com customer care representative , please call 00852-30696120 or write to Customer Service Executive , Chiang Network Technology Co. , Ltd , Room 1001CARNIVAL COMMERCIAL BUILDING,18 JAVA ROAD , NORTH POINT , HONG KONG .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
Customers are responsible for periodically checking the Privacy Policy available on the Website for changes .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here or by means of a notice on our homepage .

Earth Clinic , LLC Privacy Policy Agreement
Because we gather certain types of information about our users , we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information .
This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather , how we use it , and how to correct or change it .
These privacy practices apply to the Web site that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy , which is operated directly by us .
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit the Earth Clinic LLC web sites and how we safeguard your information .
We never sell your personal information to third parties .
What Information Does Earth Clinic , LLC collect
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services .
Several of the services and features that we offer on our sites require you to provide us with information as a condition of usage .
These include access to email newsletters and participation in our forum .
We collect personally identifiable information , such as your first name , city , state , country and email address , when you provide it to us .
From time to time , we may also collect other sensitive information such as your username and password .
Once you register with one of our Earth Clinic LLC sites you are no longer anonymous to us .
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL or Shaw Cable ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information , such as your personal preferences when you visit our site .
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit , or the ability to login to some of our features , such as forums .
We also use third party advertisements on earthclinic.com and planet.earthclinic.com to support our site .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites ) .
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested by our registration process do not need to register with us .
You can still view much of the content and use many of the services offered by our sites without registering .
If you have already registered with us and wish to have your account deleted , you may do so in the member-services area of your account .
Reviewing and updating your personally identifiable information
You can review , correct , or change the information collected during registration for any of our sites .
The instructions for doing this can be found in our member-services areas .
Users may change information at any time and as often as necessary .
Users who are experiencing problems with our services or who have questions about how our services work can contact us using the e-mail address at the bottom of this page .
Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first within this area of our Web sites .
If there is a material change in our privacy practices , we will indicate on our sites that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement .
If we are going to be using the information collected from users in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection , we will send affected users written notice of the change by e-mail .
None of the sites within our network is directed to children under the age of 13 .
We operate our network of sites in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by , and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from , anyone under 13 years of age .
This requirement is clearly posted during the registration process .
Questions about this privacy statement should be sent to :
Phone : ( 404 ) 939-1783
Email : Contact Us Form
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one .

EasyBib is committed to providing the utmost in privacy security .
We do not sell nor trade any personal information obtained from the site .
EasyBib does not collect personally identifiable information from anyone without his or her request .
All e-mail correspondence is kept in strict privacy and will not be disclosed to parties other than EasyBib .
In compliance with Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , any person under the age of 13 must receive explicit parental permission in order to sign up for any online service where their personal information may be shared .
EasyBib collects user registration upon sign up .
EasyBib does not disclose user information to third parties without the express consent of the user .
When advertisers request , EasyBib will provide aggregate information on the general makeup of the site 's viewers .
Such aggregate information includes the number of pageviews , times of pageviews , continental locations ( if applicable ) , most hit URLs , and browser types .
EasyBib will not disclose any information that can be traced to a specific individual .
These policies are subject to change , so please make sure to check back periodically .
Although EasyBib has a strict privacy policy , all interactions with the Internet pose some inherent dangers .
Please be aware of these and conduct all your transactions with caution .
Please be careful and responsible when you are surfing online .
EasyBib serves advertising , and ad networks may serve third party cookies that do their own tracking .
You can opt out of third-party cookies either by blocking them from your browser or by visiting Network Advertising Initiative and opting out from the networks directly .
Thank you for surfing with us ,
Darshan and Neal Imagine Easy Solutions LLC

Thank you for visiting EasyCalculation.com .
Your privacy is very important to us .
Simply stated , our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit the EastCalculation.com Web site , unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us .
When you visit the EasyCalculation.com web site , the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site .
This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information .
In addition , information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date , time and pages you visited while at the site .
This is done so that the content of the site can be improved , and your personal information is not identified .
If any visitor to the site chooses to provide us with personal information , as in an email inquiry , that information will be used only to respond to the message .
The information will not be used for any purpose other than to respond to the inquiry .
We do not create individual profiles from the information provided or distribute the information to other organizations .
We do not collect information or profile of our visitors in any way .
This Web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that we , easycalculation.com , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies .
Advertisements may display on this web site and , if so , may set and access cookies on your computer ; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement .
These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.If you want to find out more information about this practice , and to learn about your options , including your options with regard to the following companies that may serve advertising on this site .

Thank you for visiting CNN.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( Turner ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turners network of affiliated websites ( Turner Network ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates .
The Information We Collect
At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites .
A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT & T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make , etc . ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
Through some social networking sites privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity .
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure .
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site .
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties .
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your online experience , we use `` cookies '' or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content .
Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as Flash cookies ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation .
Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser .
You can access your Flash management tools from Adobes website directly .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use `` web beacons '' or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions .
However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known .
Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites .
For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest .
It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads .
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page .
Turner 's Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options
Turner is a participant in the online industrys self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the DAA ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAAs principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) at the NAI site .
Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally .
In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate .
The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement .
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online .
How You Can Access or Correct Information
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service .
Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
One CNN Center , 13 North
Atlanta , GA 30303
How to Contact Us
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time , we may update this privacy statement .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it .
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in October , 2013 .

Bitcoin : Privacy policy
Jump to : navigation , search
We will never share your account data .
However , by editing any page on this wiki , you agree that your user name will be linked to your edits , and subsequently exported in the daily backups .

Conditions of Use for the Mappy Website
To read the Conditions of Use in PDF format using `` Adobe Acrobat Reader `` , click here .
If you do not have Acrobat Reader , you can download it by clicking here
ACCEPTANCE OF THE CONDITIONS OF USE
On the Mappy website ( hereinafter `` the Website '' ) , the company Mappy ( hereinafter `` Mappy '' ) currently offers a range of online services intended to assist with mobility and travel , including maps , route planning , local searches , the My Mappy personal area ( hereinafter collectively `` the Service '' ) .
Use of the Website and the Service implies unconditional acceptance of the Conditions of Use ( hereinafter `` the Conditions of Use '' ) .
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE
Mappy may amend the Conditions of Use at any time .
You are therefore advised to periodically check the latest version of the Conditions of Use available on the Website .
Access to the My Mappy Service is reserved strictly for individuals , for non-professional and non-commercial purposes , and is subject to prior registration .
When registering for the Service , you must send Mappy the requested personal details , ensuring that this data is accurate and up to date .
In the event of any change in your personal details , you should update them immediately on the My Mappy Service .
USE OF YOUR LOG-IN DETAILS
You are solely responsible for the use of your selected password and for the email address you entered when registering for the My Mappy Service , as well as for all consequences , in particular financial , arising from such use .
You must keep this information confidential and inform Mappy of any unauthorised use of your log-in details ( password and/or email address ) .
Should Mappy have any reason to believe that the security of your log-in information has been compromised , it reserves the right to suspend your access to the My Mappy Service .
You hereby expressly acknowledge and accept that you may not use the Website and the Service for illegal purposes .
You agree to use the Website and the Service in accordance with prevailing legislation , and in general , to refrain from harming the interests , renown , reputation or brand image of Mappy .
With regard to the My Mappy Service , you agree in particular to comply with standards of good behaviour on the Internet .
Therefore , you must not ( the following is a non-exhaustive list ) :
send unsolicited mass email messages to different recipients , or repeatedly to a single recipient
disseminate , transmit , send or view , irrespective of the format , any content of a xenophobic or racist nature , that incites racial hatred , relates to paedophilia or pornography , causes incitement to murder , that is defamatory or injurious
disseminate , transmit , send or view , irrespective of the format , any content that infringes the rights of third parties , in particular copyright , trademarks , patents , designs and models , or any other intellectual property right or privacy right
attempt to present yourself as another person or entity , falsify or delete legal notices or other information
drestrict or prevent another person 's use of the Website or the Service
delete the copyright or trademark notices , or other information relating to property rights contained on the Website or the Service
delete or modify , in any way whatsoever , information relating to copyright , authors ' rights , trademarks or any other information relating to property rights contained on the Website or the Service .
You may be held responsible for any unauthorised copying or disclosure of such information
use a robot , a spider , a website search/recovery application or any other device intended to recover or index all or part of the Website or the Service , or to collect information on users for an unauthorised purpose
create user accounts by means of automated methods or under false or fraudulent pretexts
promote or provide instructions relating to illegal activities , cause incitement to harm the physical integrity of a group or an individual
and , transmit any viruses , worms , errors , Trojans horses or other destructive elements .
You must also agree to follow the instructions that appear on your screen when browsing the Website .
USE OF WEBSITE CONTENT
You expressly acknowledge and accept that components of the Website , irrespective of their nature , i.e . the databases that constitute the Website ( hereinafter collectively `` the Database '' ) , the software used to query the Database , the results of your Database enquiries , brands , logos , distinctive marks , advertising content displayed on the Website , etc . ( hereinafter collectively `` the Contents '' ) are protected by intellectual property laws .
Consequently , you must respect the rights that apply to these Contents .
You may not therefore :
modify , reproduce , use on any media whatsoever , represent , disseminate , publish by any means , integrate , incorporate or commercialise , in any way and in any format whatsoever , the Contents , whether in full or in part .
modify , remove , alter , move , in whole or in part and by any means , the various property and copyright notices that appear on the screens .
extract , directly or indirectly , by permanent or temporary transfer , the entire content of the Database , or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part thereof , to any platform , by any means and in any form .
re-use , by placing in the public domain , the entire content of the Database , or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part thereof , irrespective of the format .
and , repeatedly extract or reuse qualitatively or quantitatively non-substantial parts of the Database content , where such operations exceed normal usage .
Mappy authorises you , exclusively for your own requirements , and for non-professional and non-commercial purposes , to :
print the maps , route plans and address books resulting from such consultation , as well as download maps and route plans to your personal data assistant or your computer
and , to create a hypertext link to direct you to the homepage of the Website .
In relation to the My Mappy Service , you may store content ( addresses , maps , route plans , road books , invitations ) in your personal space on the Mappy servers , and you may create a personalised URL allowing you to access the map , route plan , road book or invitation that you have selected .
You may transmit this personalised URL by any means , within the limits of normal and non-abusive use , and you may insert it in a personal email message or Web page , exclusively for non-professional and non-commercial use .
In all circumstances , you must maintain intact all information relating to ownership and make no alteration to the Contents .
In all cases , you must make no alteration to the Contents and maintain intact all information relating to ownership , in particular the information shown on the tab present on all media disseminating the Contents on the Site , such as ( this list is not exhaustive ) maps , plans , routes or satellite photos .
You shall not acquire any intellectual property right to the Contents and any use other than that stipulated above is strictly prohibited and may be subject to legal action .
Under no circumstances may you assign , lease or make available the Website or the Service , in whole or in part , without the prior written consent of Mappy .
Mappy takes every care in the creation and updating of the Database .
However , since Mappy does not control all the sources of information contained in the Database it can not guarantee that the Database and the results of your enquiries will be accurate , free from error and complete .
Consequently , Mappy recommends that you use these results with the greatest of care .
In general , the information you obtain from the Website or the Service is provided purely for guidance .
In particular , weather conditions , road works , traffic jams or other disruptions may force you to select a different route to that indicated , or may extend the journey time displayed .
Under no circumstances may Mappy be held responsible for any damage suffered by you or any third party resulting from your failure to meet your obligations under the Conditions of Use , or resulting from your use of the Database , the results of your Database enquiries , use of the Website or of the Service or the inability to do so , or the installation , downloading of components of the Website to your computer or any terminal .
In addition , Mappy provides no guarantee with regard to the deletion of or failure to store any content , or any communication of content distributed or transmitted via the My Mappy Service .
Finally , Mappy declines all responsibility arising from indirect damages , in particular , delay in fulfilling a legal or moral obligation , loss of contract , commercial loss , loss of customers , commercial difficulties of any kind , loss of profit or loss of brand image .
GENERAL RULES AND LIMITS RELATING TO THE USE OF THE WEBSITE
You acknowledge that Mappy may apply general rules and limits relating to the use of the Service , in particular of the My Mappy Service .
The following maximum limits apply :
100 addresses in the `` Address book '' ,
20 route plans .
MODIFICATION AND INTERRUPTION OF THE WEBSITE
Mappy reserves the right , at any time , to modify , interrupt , whether temporarily or permanently , the Website or the Service , in whole or in part ( in particular the general rules and usage limits ) and without prior notice .
Mappy can not be held responsible towards you or any third party for any modification , suspension or interruption of the Website or the Service .
You undertake to guarantee and indemnify Mappy or any third party with regard to any claim , request , demand and conviction for damages resulting , arising or originating from your failure to fulfil your obligations under the Conditions of Use , or from your use of the Database , the results of your enquiries in the Database , the Website or the Service .
In the event of your failure to fulfil any of your obligations according to the Conditions of Use , Mappy shall be entitled to suspend or withdraw your access to the My Mappy Service , after sending a formal notice that goes unremedied , by any method ( email or paper mail ) to the address you provided during the registration process , with no entitlement on your part to claim an indemnity of any kind , or compensation for damages .
You acknowledge , however , that suspension or withdrawal may be effected as a matter or right and without prior notice in the event of a serious breach of contract on your part ( for example , sending spam , transmitting a virus or inciting racial hatred , etc . ) .
In the event of the suspension or withdrawal of the My Mappy Service , you shall lose any content you may have stored on this Service , as well as your password .
If you do not use the My Mappy Service for more than one year , Mappy reserves the right , at any time and with no prior notice , to terminate your access to this Service .
In such case , you shall not be entitled to claim an indemnity of any kind , or compensation for damages .
You will no longer be able to access any content you may have stored on this Service and shall irretrievably lose your password .
You expressly acknowledge and accept that Mappy is entitled to use , in any format and for any purpose , any reaction , idea , opinion , data or other type of information transmitted to the `` Your Suggestions '' section , and that this shall not entitle you to claim any form of indemnity .
While using the Website , you may come into direct contact with partner third parties .
Consequently , you expressly acknowledge and accept that Mappy can not be held responsible for damage of any kind resulting from such contact or - more generally - from the presence of the partner third party on the Website .
Processing of your personal data : PagesJaunes Group Charter
Mappy is part of the PagesJaunes group : the company therefore complies with the Confidentiality Charter shared by all group entities .
To consult this Charter , click here
Communication with competent authorities
In accordance with prevailing legislation , Mappy may be required to transmit your personal details in response to requests from competent authorities , in particular legal authorities .
Whenever you visit websites bearing the CIM logo ( Centre d'Information sur les Media ) , a cookie is used to collect information through the pages you view ( number of pages called up , visits , etc . ) .
This information is gathered purely for statistical purposes and under no circumstances can it be used to identify you .
The Website is hosted by : Telehouse II International Corporation of Europe ( France ) 137 , Boulevard Voltaire - 75011 PARIS , France , Tel . 01 56 06 40 40 .
The publication manager is Val3rie Papaud .
All rights reserved , reproduction prohibited .
Cartographic data : TeleAtlas .
This product contains cartographic data authorised by Ordnance Survey with the authorisation of the Controller of Her Majesty 's Stationery Office .
Crown copyright and/or database rights 20nn .
All rights reserved .
Licence number 100026920 .

From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
For the Wikimedia Foundation 's privacy policy , see privacy policy .
A privacy policy is a statement or a legal document ( privacy law ) that discloses some or all of the ways a party gathers , uses , discloses and manages a customer or client 's data .
Personal information can be anything that can be used to identify an individual , not limited to but including ; name , address , date of birth , marital status , contact information , ID issue and expiry date , financial records , credit information , medical history , where one travels , and intentions to acquire goods and services . [ 1 ] In the case of a business it is often a statement that declares a party 's policy on how it collects , stores , and releases personal information it collects .
It informs the client what specific information is collected , and whether it is kept confidential , shared with partners , or sold to other firms or enterprises .
Privacy policy is important to the modern state , because grounded in it is the individual 's physical and moral autonomy .
For this reason , it is worthy of constitutional protection . [ 3 ] The exact contents of a privacy policy will depend upon the applicable law and may need to address requirements across geographical boundaries and legal jurisdictions .
Most countries have their own legislation and guidelines of who is covered , what information can be collected , and what it can be used for .
In general , data protection laws in Europe cover the private sector as well as the public sector .
Their privacy laws apply not only to government operations but also to private enterprises and commercial transactions .
In North America , privacy laws ( except in Quebec ) apply only to the public sector , not to the private sector .
However , most private sector organizations in North America have taken the initiative to develop their own privacy policies and codes of conduct . [ 3 ]
Contents [ hide ]
2 Fair information practice
5 Online privacy certification programs
In 1968 , the Council of Europe began to study the effects of technology on human rights , recognizing the new threats posed by computer technology that could link and transmit in ways not widely available before .
As well , in 1969 the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) began to examine the implications of personal information leaving the country .
All this led council to recommend that policy be developed to protect personal data held by both the private and public sectors , leading to Convention 108 .
In 1981 , Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data ( Convention 108 ) was introduced .
One of the first privacy laws ever enacted was the Swedish Data Act in 1973 , followed by the West German Data Protection Act in 1977 and the French Law on Informatics , Data Banks and Freedoms in 1978 . [ 3 ]
In the United States , concern over privacy policy started around the late 1960s and 1970s saw the passage of the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
Although this act was not designed to be a privacy law , the act gave consumers the opportunity to examine their credit files and correct errors .
It also placed restrictions on the use of information in credit records .
Several congressional study groups in the late 1960s examined the growing ease with which automated personal information could be gathered and matched with other information .
One such group was an advisory committee of the United States Department of Health and Human Services which in 1973 drafted a code of principles called the Fair Information Practices .
The work of the advisory committee led to the Privacy Act in 1974 .
The United States signed the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development guidelines in 1980 . [ 3 ]
In Canada , a Privacy Commissioner of Canada was established under the Canadian Human Rights Act in 1977 .
In 1982 , the appointment of a Privacy Commissioner was part of the new Privacy Act .
Canada signed the OECD guidelines in 1984 . [ 3 ]
Fair information practice [ edit ]
There are significant differences between the EU data protection and US data privacy laws .
These standards must be met not only by businesses operating in the EU , but also by any organization that transfers personal information collected concerning citizen of the EU .
In 2001 the United States Department of Commerce worked to ensure legal compliance for US organizations under an opt-in Safe Harbor Program . [ 29 ] The FTC has approved TRUSTe to certify streamlined compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor .
In 1995 the European Union ( EU ) introduced the Data Protection Directive [ 4 ] for its member states .
As a result , many organizations doing business within the EU began to draft policies to comply with this Directive .
In the same year the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) published the Fair Information Principles [ 5 ] which provided a set of non-binding governing principles for the commercial use of personal information .
While not mandating policy , these principles provided guidance of the developing concerns of how to draft privacy policies .
The United States does not have a specific federal regulation establishing universal implementation of privacy policies .
Congress has , at times , considered comprehensive laws regulating the collection of information online , such as the Consumer Internet Privacy Enhancement Act [ 6 ] and the Online Privacy Protection Act of 2001 , [ 7 ] but none have been enacted .
In 2001 , the FTC stated an express preference for `` more law enforcement , not more laws '' [ 8 ] and promoted continued focus on industry self-regulation .
In many cases , the FTC enforces the terms of privacy policies as promises made to consumers using the authority granted by Section 5 of the FTC Act which prohibits unfair or deceptive marketing practices . [ 9 ] The FTC 's powers are statutorily restricted in some cases ; for example , airlines are subject to the authority of the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , [ 10 ] and cell phone carriers are subject to the authority of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) . [ 11 ]
In some cases , private parties enforce the terms of privacy policies by filing class action lawsuits , which may result in settlements or judgements .
However , such lawsuits are often not an option , due to arbitration clauses in the privacy policies or other terms of service agreements .
US [ edit ]
While no generally applicable law exists , some federal laws govern privacy policies in specific circumstances , such as :
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) [ 12 ] affects websites that knowingly collect information about or target at children under the age of 13 . [ 13 ] Any such websites must post a privacy policy and adhere to enumerated information-sharing restrictions [ 14 ] COPPA includes a `` safe harbor '' provision to promote Industry self-regulation . [ 15 ]
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act [ 16 ] requires institutions `` significantly engaged '' [ 17 ] in financial activities give `` clear , conspicuous , and accurate statements '' of their information-sharing practices .
The Act also restricts use and sharing of financial information . [ 18 ]
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) privacy rules [ 19 ] requires notice in writing of the privacy practices of health care services , and this requirement also applies if the health service is electronic . [ 20 ]
Some states have implemented more stringent regulations for privacy policies .
The California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 - Business and Professions Code sections 22575-22579 requires `` any commercial web sites or online services that collect personal information on California residents through a web site to conspicuously post a privacy policy on the site '' . [ 21 ] Both Nebraska and Pennsylvania have laws treating misleading statements in privacy policies published on web sites as deceptive or fraudulent business practices . [ 22 ]
Canada [ edit ]
Canada 's federal Privacy Law applicable to the private sector is formally referred to as Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( PIPEDA ) .
The purpose of the act is to establish rules to govern the collection , use and disclosure of personal information by commercial organizations .
The organization is allowed to collect , disclose and use the amount of information for the purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstance . [ 23 ]
The Act establishes the Privacy Commissioner of Canada as the Ombudsman for addressing any complaints that are filed against organizations .
The Commissioner works to resolve problems through voluntary compliance , rather than heavy-handed enforcement .
The Commissioner investigates complaints , conducts audits , promotes awareness of and undertakes research about privacy matters . [ 24 ]
European Union [ edit ]
There are significant differences between the EU data protection and US data privacy laws .
These standards must be met not only by businesses operating in the EU , but also by any organization that transfers personal information collected concerning citizen of the EU .
In 2001 the United States Department of Commerce worked to ensure legal compliance for US organizations under an opt-in Safe Harbor Program . [ 25 ] The FTC has approved TRUSTe to certify streamlined compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor .
Australia [ edit ]
Main article : Privacy Act 1988
The Privacy Act 1988 provides the legal framework for privacy in Australia . [ 26 ] It includes a number of national privacy principles . [ 27 ]
Online privacy certification programs
Online certification or `` seal '' programs are an example of industry self-regulation of privacy policies .
Seal programs usually require implementation fair information practices as determined by the certification program and may require continued compliance monitoring .
TRUSTe , [ 28 ] the first online privacy seal program , included more than 1,800 members by 2007 [ 29 ] Other online seal programs include the Trust Guard Privacy Verified program , [ 30 ] eTrust , [ 31 ] and Webtrust . [ 32 ]
Some websites also define their privacy policies using P3P or Internet Content Rating Association ( ICRA ) , allowing browsers to automatically assess the level of privacy offered by the site , and allowing access only when the site 's privacy practices are in line with the user 's privacy settings .
However , these technical solutions do not guarantee websites actually follows the claimed privacy policies .
They also require users to have a minimum level of technical knowledge to configure their own browser privacy settings . [ 33 ] These automated privacy policies have not been popular either with websites or their users . [ 34 ]
Many critics have attacked the efficacy and legitimacy of privacy policies found on the Internet .
Concerns exist about the effectiveness of industry-regulated privacy policies .
For example , a 2000 FTC report Privacy Online : Fair Information Practices in the Electronic Marketplace found that while the vast majority of website surveyed had some manner of privacy disclosure , most did not meet the standard set in the FTC Principles .
In addition , many organizations reserve the express right to unilaterally change the terms of their policies .
In June 2009 the EFF website TOSback began tracking such changes on 56 popular internet services , including monitoring the privacy policies of Amazon , Google and Facebook . [ 35 ]
There are also questions about whether consumers understand privacy policies and whether they help consumers make more informed decisions .
A 2002 report from the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab contended that a website 's visual designs had more influence than the website 's privacy policy when consumers assessed the website 's credibility . [ 36 ] A 2007 study by Carnegie Mellon University claimed `` when not presented with prominent privacy information ... '' consumers were `` likely to make purchases from the vendor with the lowest price , regardless of that site 's privacy policies '' . [ 37 ] However , the same study contends where privacy information is clearly presented , consumers prefer retailers who better protect their privacy and may `` pay a premium to purchase from more privacy protective websites '' .
Furthermore , a 2007 study at the University of California , Berkeley found that `` 75 % of consumers think as long as a site has a privacy policy it means it wo n't share data with third parties , '' confusing the existence of a privacy policy with extensive privacy protection . [ 38 ]
Critics also question if consumers even read privacy policies or can understand what they read .
A 2001 study by the Privacy Leadership Initiative claimed only 3 % of consumers read privacy policies carefully , and 64 % briefly glanced at , or never read , privacy policies . [ 39 ] The average web site user once having read a privacy statement may have more uncertainty about the trustworthiness of the web site than before . [ 40 ] One possible issue is length and complexity of policies .
According to a 2008 Carnegie Mellon study the average length of a privacy policy is 2,500 words and requires an average 10 minutes to read .
The study cited that `` Privacy policies are hard to read '' and , as a result , `` read infrequently '' . [ 41 ]

By accessing and making use of the services offered by Al Arabiya News ( Al Arabiya ' ) and/or the digital properties of Al Arabiya , you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Al Arabiya is committed to the protection of the privacy of the users of its services .
This Privacy Policy explains how Al Arabiya deals with your personal information , including :
What information we collect from you and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer you with respect to your personal information , including how to access and update that information .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users .
Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience .
It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users .
Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience .
It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties .
We collect information in two ways
Information you give us .
We collect personal information from users as and when provided to us through the use of online forms , surveys and every time you email us your details .
Additionally , some of our services may require you to sign in to take advantage of certain features .
In other instances , we may invite you to sign up for certain services , such as newsletters , or information feeds ( e.g . SMS updates ) .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , or telephone number .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer ( e.g . participation in viewer forums and discussion boards , engagement with second-screen co-viewing apps ) , we may also ask you to create a publicly visible profile , which may if you choose - include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We also collect additional information automatically about your visit to our digital properties .
We use cookies to identify you when you visit our digital properties , to follow your browsing patterns and build up your demographic profile .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the browser .
Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies .
If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser .
However , some cookies are essential for us to use in order to provide you with the services you have requested and switching off cookies will restrict your use of our digital properties .
How we use your data
We process personal information collected from you and our digital properties for the purposes of providing you with the services you request from us , as well as maintaining and improving the services we provide to you , and developing new ones .
We also use the information to conduct market research and to provide you with tailored content such as relevant advertisements and services .
When you contact Al Arabiya , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your contact details to send you direct marketing , including to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming program information or improvements to our digital properties .
We also use information we collect from cookies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Al Arabiya services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine advertising server cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent to do so .
Al Arabiya processes personal information on our servers , which might reside in a number of countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live and for this purpose transfer your personal information out of your country of residence .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
We will only disclose personal information to members of Al Arabiya and its mother company , successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf .
Otherwise , we will never share any personal information collected from you with other companies , organizations and individuals unless :
It is done with your consent : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya when we have your consent to do so , including for external processing where we provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
It is for legal reasons : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
Meet the requirements of any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
Enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
Detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
Protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Al Arabiya , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
We do our best to protect Al Arabiya and our users from unauthorized access , use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , from time to time to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to authorized Al Arabiya employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Accessing and updating your personal information
We will give you ways to update , or delete your personal information - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Al Arabiya , its mother company , and its affiliates , including services offered on other digital properties ( e.g . our news services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our digital properties may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
If you access other sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
Any changes of this Privacy Policy will be published on this page .

Wednesday , August 18
Updated : July 16 , 5:09 PM ET
GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY and SAFETY POLICY
THE INTERNET , PRIVACY , GO NETWORK AND ESPN.COM
The Internet contains a wealth of information , unfortunately , it may also contain personal details about you that you do n't want everyone to know .
For example , your real name ( lots of people on the Internet use aliases , alter egos or nicknames ) , street address , phone number , or e-mail address .
When you go online , sites you visit may be gathering information about you without your knowledge .
At GO Network and ESPN.com we strive to help our customers protect their privacy while using our services .
GO Network and ESPN.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the GO Network and ESPN.com .
When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of : What personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; What organization is collecting the information ; How the information is used ; With whom the information may be shared ; What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM 'S PRIVACY POLICY
GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users .
This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it .
Using the Internet should be a fun experience and we want to help you make it so .
The information you provide for your personal GO Network and ESPN.com account is shared among the GO Network and ESPN.com sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable .
To facilitate global registration , your personal information is shared among the GO Network sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable .
However , be assured that GO Network and ESPN.com will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent .
GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) GO Network and ESPN.com 's rights or property , other GO Network and ESPN.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it .
GO Network and ESPN.com share aggregate information about our users with advertisers , business partners , sponsors and other third parties .
For example , we will say GO Network and ESPN.com 's audience is x percent females and y percent males .
This data is used to customize GO Network and ESPN.com content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our users .
There are cases where GO Network and ESPN.com may ask you for personal information such as your name , email address , and birth date .
For example , we request personal information when you register for a GO Network and ESPN.com account , for online shopping or transactions , or for services that require registration or subscription ( for example fantasy sports ) .
GO Network and ESPN.com need to collect this information for fulfilling prizes , tracking/verifying compliance with GO Network and ESPN.com policies as well as federal , state and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes .
In case you change your mind or some personal information may change ( such as your zip code ) , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you give us .
Information provided at the time of Registration or submission from a guest who is 13 years of age or over may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by GO Network and ESPN.com and our affiliates or companies that have been prescreened by GO Network and ESPN.com .
To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you , we allow you to opt-out of the following services : sharing your information in our member directory , receiving communications from GO Network and ESPN.com about new features or services , and receiving communications about offers from third-party companies that offer a product or service that we think would be of value to you .
Information provided when purchasing products from any of our online stores may be used for marketing and promotional purposes and is subject to the opt-out processes described on , or linked to , each order form .
Policies for KIDS ( Individuals Under 13 YEARS OF AGE
GO Network and ESPN.com encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on the sites .
No information should be submitted to or posted at GO Network and ESPN.com by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian .
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection , GO Network and ESPN.com do not provide any personally identifying information , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever from our guests under 13 years of age .
All registrants receive an e-mail confirming their Registration .
In addition , when a guest under 13 registers , he/she is required to provide the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian and tha this/her parent or guardian receives an e-mail alerting them to that Registration .
The parent or guardian must validate the account , as described in the e-mail , in order for the potential member to use most GO Network and ESPN.com interactive services .
No information collected from guests under 13 years of age is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever , either inside or outside GO Network and ESPN.com except as explicitly stated during registration for contests or promotions ( and in that case , the information collected is used only for the specific contest or promotion ) .
Although guests under 13 years of age are may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions , if such a guest wins , notification and prizes are sent to the parents or guardians identified in the initial registration process .
Publication of contest winners names , ages , or images for individuals under 13 require parental or guardian consent .
We do not allow guests under 13 years of age to be listed in our member directory or to receive direct marketing communications from GO Network and ESPN.com or to be sent our third-party offers .
POLICIES FOR TEENS ( INDIVIDUALS 13 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE
Teens are required to provide the e-mail address of a parent or guardian and a A notification message is sent to the parent or guardian of all guests who are 13 to 17 years of age which identifies the information supplied at registration and allows the parent or guardian to be aware of and participate in the guest 's members online experience .
USE OF IP ADDRESSES
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web .
Web servers -- the big computers that `` serve up '' Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
GO Network and ESPN.com collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our site .
When guests request pages from GO Network and ESPN.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses .
We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us .
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service , site , customers or others .
Some services within GO Network and ESPN.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message poster 's name and message .
Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing .
What are cookies ? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at our site .
We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies .
The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most major Web sites .
By showing how and when guests use a site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed .
This information is most easily tracked with cookies .
We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users needs .
GO Network and ESPN.com have two primary uses for its cookies .
First , we use them to specify unique preferences .
For example , in GO Network and ESPN.com 's News Center , users can specify keywords across several news categories .
This way you do n't have to tell us over and over again about the kinds of news stories you want to see .
Secondly , we use cookies to track user trends and patterns .
This helps us better understand and improve areas of the GO Network and ESPN.com service that our users find valuable .
While both of these activities depend on the use of a `` cookie , '' visitors to GO Network and ESPN.com always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences .
Information from cookies is sometimes attached to messages sent to our Customer Service department
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , note that some parts of the GO Network and ESPN.com service will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies .
For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set personalized news preferences or you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions , entering contests , or playing games .
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers .
GO Network and ESPN.com do not control these cookies .
The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry .
Links to other sites
Users should be aware that when you are on GO Network and ESPN.com , you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
There are links to other sites from GO Network and ESPN.com pages that take you outside our service .
For example , if you `` click '' on a banner advertisement or an GO Network or ESPN.com search result , the `` click '' takes you off the GO Network or ESPN.com site .
This includes links from advertisers , Center sponsors and partners that may use GO Network or ESPN.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data or solicit personal information .
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online -- - for example , via message boards or chat -- - that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
While GO Network and ESPN.com strive to protect its user 's personal information and privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk .
GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet , and therefore beyond GO Network and ESPN.com 's control , and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation .
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us .
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , GO Network and ESPN.com ca n't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard , SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
Your GO Network and ESPN.com Account is password protected so that only you can access it and view the member information relevant to the account .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
GO Network and ESPN.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email .
Ultimately , you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information .
Remember to sign out of your GO Network or ESPN.com account and close your browser window when you have finished your work .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or internet caf .
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this site , you signify your assent to the GO Network and ESPN.com Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our sites .
Your continued use of the GO Network and ESPN.com sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
All rights reserved .
GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY POLICY AND INTERNET SAFETY INFORMATION
GO Network and ESPN.com are committed to providing the best online family entertainment within a trusted environment .
Privacy and safety issues are important to us , and to that end we 're pleased to offer a variety of links to Internet resources .
The five links below should help make Internet surfing a fun and enjoyable experience for your entire family .
Guide to Good Content for Kids
This is a great place for both new and advanced Web users to find information on using the Internet wisely .
Go Network 's Internet Safety Tips
Keep your passwords private , even from your best friend ! Your online service will never ask for them , so neither should anyone else .
Use only your member name and/or e-mail address when chatting or sending e-mail .
Never give out personal information like your name , address , or phone number .
Always delete unknown e-mail attachments before opening them .
They can contain destructive viruses .
Remember that nothing you write on the Web is completely private - including e-mail .
So be careful and think about what you type and who you tell .
Not everyone is as nice , cute and funny as they may sound online .
Never make plans to meet an online `` friend '' in person .
More Safety Information from GO Network
Cybernetiquette Comix - an entertaining , interactive way for families to learn valuable lessons about online safety .
Join classic Disney characters for adventure , fun , and online awareness tips .
Disney 's Doug - Safety Tips from `` Doug 's Adventures Online ''
Test Your Internet Smarts - How much do you know about Internet safety ?
More Top 10 Netiquette Tips - An overview of good manners on the Internet .
`` Safe and Sound '' - An internet safety article from Family.com .
Safe Surfing for Kids - An internet safety article from FamilyPC Magazine .
A number of tools exist to help parents manage their children 's online experience , including hardware and software programs that provide filtering options .
Below are links that contain useful information on choices and levels of filtering that parents can use during family time on the Web .
You can download special software or purchase specific hardware that will limit surfing to sites you deem appropriate for your household .
Many of these services are free of charge ; others require some form of payment .
Links to Filtering Software
GO.com | Internet Content Filters page
Anti-Defamation League Hate Filter
Links to Articles and Other Resources
JumpStart for Parents - Resource list of links for parents regarding child safety , filtering software , parenting organizations , and more .
Filtering Facts Website - An online source for information on making Internet access in libraries safe for children and communities .
This section offers links to a variety of local and national authorities and organizations that can assist you with specific online and safety concerns , including links to local police and the FBI .
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children - Information on Missing Children
CyberTipline - Hotline if you have information on a missing child .
National Missing Persons Helpline - Support organization for those searching for missing family or friends .
APB Missing - Information on Missing Persons
Suicide Crisis Center - Suicide Prevention Information
Officer.com - Directory of Law Enforcement Agencies in the U.S. and around the World .
FBI Kids and Youth Educational Page - Crime Prevention
U.S. Department of Justice Online - Information on the U.S. Dept . of Justice
U.S. Department of Justice - Justice for Kids and Youth
U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) - Information on the ATF
GUIDE TO GOOD CONTENT FOR KIDS
The Internet offers thousands of great Web sites and services for kids and families , but trying to figure out which sites are appropriate for different members of your family can be challenging .
This section provides a snapshot of kid-friendly sites designed to educate , guide and inform kids in all age groups .
Search and Directory for Kids
GO Kids - One-stop shop for tons of great kids links
GO Kids | Surf the Web - Super-special search resource for cartoons , homework and games
Go Kids | Learn the Web - Web-education links from A to Z
CyberPatrol 's Route 6-16 - Guide to the Web for kids , parents and teachers
Family.com - The number one site for family fun and activities
The Cartoon Network - Online home to some of your favorite cartoon characters
Curiocity 's FreeZone - Online community for kids
Dr. Seuss 's Seussville - Not just green eggs and ham !
Lego Worlds - Online building blocks
Bonus.com - Supersite for kids with fun , free activities
CTW Family Workshop - Home of Sesame Street
Ty - The Official Home of Beanie Babies
The Wild World of Wonka - The official Web site of the Willy Wonka Candy Factory .
Fun with Fruits and Vegetables Kids Cookbook -Safe , healthy fun for the kitchen
Burger Town on KidsCom - Activities and recipes just for kids
Cyberkids - Games , activities and community just for kids
Learning on the Web
Exploratorium - The museum of science , art and human perception
Zoo Web - Your online link to zoos and aquariums around the world
Smithsonian Institution - Online home of America 's most amazing museums and artifacts
PBS Kids ! - Public television 's online destination for kids
HaringKids - Official Keith Haring Web site for children under 14
Children 's Literature Web Guide - Great resource for books and learning
FunBrain.com - Educational online games for Kids
SeaWorld/Busch Gardens Animal Information Database - Shamu and friends on the Web
NASA Web - National Aeronautics and Space Administration home page
TIME Magazine for Kids - Current news and views just for kids
National Geographic for Kids - Links to amazing cultures and people around the world
The White House for Kids - Socks and Buddy give a full White House tour for kids
Internet Public Library Youth Section - Super kid-friendly library links
WhaleNet - An interactive education program - monitor whales , dolphins and others via satellite !
SafeKids.Com - Tips , links , and suggestions for your family 's online experience
Kid 's Domain - Shareware and freeware for kids recommended by parents and teachers
KIDSNET - Media guide for children 's TV and Internet programming
KidsBank.com - A fun place for kids to learn about banking .
GetNetWise is an online resource for families that , with the click of a mouse , will deliver information and tools needed to guide children to a safe , enriching experience online .
Functioning as an interactive directory , GetNetWise contains aggregated and syndicated content that can be found by clicking on the blue-and-white GetNetWise logo below .
It is the result of a broad industry effort to create an online environment where families feel empowered with the tools and information they need to safeguard children while providing access to an unprecedented wealth of global resources , information and contacts available on the Internet .

The information on this site is subject to a disclaimer , a copyright notice and rules on both personal data protection and the use of the EU emblem by third parties .
The European Commission maintains this website to enhance public access to information about its initiatives and European Union policies in general .
Our goal is to keep this information timely and accurate .
If errors are brought to our attention , we will try to correct them .
However the Commission accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to the information on this site .
This information is :
of a general nature only and is not intended to address the specific circumstances of any particular individual or entity ;
not necessarily comprehensive , complete , accurate or up to date ;
sometimes linked to external sites over which the Commission services have no control and for which the Commission assumes no responsibility ;
not professional or legal advice ( if you need specific advice , you should always consult a suitably qualified professional ) .
Please note that it can not be guaranteed that a document available on-line exactly reproduces an officially adopted text .
Only the Official Journal of the European Union ( its printed edition , or since 1 July 2013 its electronic edition made available on the EUR-Lex website ) , is authentic and produces legal effects .
It is our goal to minimize disruption caused by technical errors .
However some data or information on our site may have been created or structured in files or formats that are not error-free and we can not guarantee that our service will not be interrupted or otherwise affected by such problems .
The Commission accepts no responsibility with regard to such problems incurred as a result of using this site or any linked external sites .
This disclaimer is not intended to limit the liability of the Commission in contravention of any requirements laid down in applicable national law nor to exclude its liability for matters which may not be excluded under that law .
European Union , 1995-2014
Reproduction is authorised , provided the source is acknowledged , save where otherwise stated .
Where prior permission must be obtained for the reproduction or use of textual and multimedia information ( sound , images , software , etc . ) , such permission shall cancel the above-mentioned general permission and shall clearly indicate any restrictions on use .
The European Union is committed to user privacy .
The policy on `` protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions '' is based on Regulation ( EC ) N 45/2001 [ 234KB ] of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 December 2000 .
This general policy covers the European Union 's family of institutional Web Sites , within the eu domain .
Although you can browse through most of these Web Sites without giving any information about yourself , in some cases , personal information is required in order to provide the e-services you request .
Web Sites that require such information treat it according to the policy described in the Regulation mentioned above and provide information about the use of your data in their specific privacy policy statements .
In this respect :
For each specific e-service , a controller determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and ensures conformity of the specific e-service with the privacy policy ;
Within each Institution , a Data Protection Officer ensures that the provisions of the Regulation are applied and advises controllers on fulfilling their obligations ( see art .
24 of the Regulation ) ;
For all the Institutions , the European Data Protection Supervisor [ 98KB ] will act as an independent supervisory authority ( see art .
41 to 45 of the Regulation ) .
The European Union 's family of institutional Web Sites , within the eu domain , provides links to third party sites .
Since we do not control them , we encourage you to review their privacy policies .
What is an e-service ?
An e-service on EUROPA is a service or resource made available on the Internet in order to improve the communication between citizens and businesses on the one hand and the European Institutions on the other hand .
Three types of e-services are or will be offered by EUROPA :
Information services that provide citizens , media , business , administrations and other decision makers with easy and effective access to information , thus increasing transparency and understanding of the policies and activities of the EU ;
Interactive communication services that allow better contacts with citizens , business , civil society and public actors thus facilitating policy consultations , and feedback mechanisms , in order to contribute to the shaping of policies , the activities and the services of the EU ;
Transaction services that allow access to all basic forms of transactions with the EU , e.g . procurement , financial operations , recruitment , event enrolment , acquisition or purchase of documents etc .
Information contained in a specific privacy statement .
A specific privacy policy statement will contain the following information about the use of your data :
What information is collected , for what purpose and through which technical means the EU collects personal information exclusively to the extent necessary to fulfil a specific purpose .
The information will not be re-used for an incompatible purpose ;
To whom your information is disclosed .
The EU will only disclose information to third parties if that is necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose ( s ) identified above and to the mentioned ( categories of ) recipients .
The EU will not divulge your personal data for direct marketing purposes ;
How you can access your information , verify its accuracy and , if necessary , correct it .
As a data subject you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on legitimate compelling grounds except when it is collected in order to comply with a legal obligation , or is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party , or is to be used for a purpose for which you have given your unambiguous consent ;
How long your data is kept .
The EU only keeps the data for the time necessary to fulfil the purpose of collection or further processing ;
What are the security measures taken to safeguard your information against possible misuse or unauthorised access ;
Whom to contact if you have queries or complaints .
How do we treat e-mails you send us ?
Many web pages on Europa have a `` Contact '' button , which activates your e-mail software and invites you to send your comments to a specific functional mailbox .
When you send such a message , your personal data is collected only to the extent necessary to reply .
If the management team of the mailbox is unable to answer your question , it will forward your e-mail to another service .
You will be informed , via e-mail , about which service your question has been forwarded to .
If you have any questions about the processing of your e-mail and related personal data , do not hesitate to include them in your message .
Use of the EU emblem by third parties
The principles of use of the European Emblem by third parties have been set out in an administrative agreement with the Council of Europe .
This agreement has been published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 08/09/2012 ( 2012/C 271/04 ) .
According to this agreement , any natural or legal person ( `` third party user '' ) may use the European Emblem or any of its elements , as long as this use
( a ) does not create the impression or assumption that there is a connection between the third party user and any of the institutions , bodies , offices , agencies and organs of the European Union or the Council of Europe where this connection does not exist ;
( b ) does not lead the public to believe that the user benefits from the support , sponsorship , approval or consent of any of the institutions , bodies , offices , agencies and organs of the European Union or the Council of Europe where this is not the case ;
( c ) is not made in connection with any objective or activity which is incompatible with the aims and principles of the European Union or the Council of Europe , or is otherwise unlawful .
If the use of the European Emblem complies with the above conditions , there is no need to ask for written permission .
Registration of the European Emblem , or a heraldic imitation thereof , as a trade mark or as any other IP right is not acceptable .
Questions related to use of the European Emblem can be directed to :
Joint Research Centre , Directorate A.4 Central IP Service
B-1049 Brussels ( Belgium )

Thank you for visiting CNN.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( Turner ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turners network of affiliated websites ( Turner Network ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates .
The Information We Collect
At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites .
A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT & T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make , etc . ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
Through some social networking sites privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity .
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure .
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site .
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties .
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your online experience , we use `` cookies '' or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content .
Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as Flash cookies ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation .
Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser .
You can access your Flash management tools from Adobes website directly .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use `` web beacons '' or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions .
However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known .
Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites .
For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest .
It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads .
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page .
Turner 's Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options
Turner is a participant in the online industrys self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the DAA ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAAs principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) at the NAI site .
Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally .
In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate .
The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement .
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online .
How You Can Access or Correct Information
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service .
Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
One CNN Center , 13 North
Atlanta , GA 30303
How to Contact Us
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time , we may update this privacy statement .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it .
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in October , 2013 .

[ Last Updated May 22 , 2007 ]
Your privacy is important to EzineArticles.com and we take our responsibility seriously to protect the data that you provide us in the normal course of interacting with our site .
Therefore , we have developed the comprehensive privacy policy below to help you better understand what data we collect and how we use it .
Customer and Membership Information
Customer account information and Membership account information that you provide ( such as your email address , address , phone number , passwords , credit card or payment information , etc . ) is held in strict confidence and will not be sold or rented to 3rd parties , but will be used for the purposes of providing services described on this website .
Email Newsletter & Email Alert Subscription Forms
EzineArticles.com uses subscription forms for individuals to request information by subscribing to email newsletters and/or email alerts based on their categories of interest .
We collect contact information ( like your name and/or email address amoung other data ) to provide you with the information that you requested .
We do not sell or rent email addresses to any 3rd parties .
We provide confirm opt-in opportunities for any email list ( s ) that you choose to receive .
We use your email address to confirm your subscription and validity of the provided email address .
Your reply to this email is necessary for completing your subscription to any EzineArticles email list or newsletter .
You can change the email address that you have subscribed by using our Manage Your Subscriptions form or you can unsubscribe with the email address you 're currently subscribed with and then subscribe again with a new email address .
You can unsubscribe/opt-out for any or all email lists that you previously chose to receive .
Emails sent to you includes the information necessary for removal from the list .
When you send email or other communications to us , we may retain those communications in order to process your requests and improve the quality of our services .
Customers , Members , and/or Users are considered to be engaged in a transactional relationship with EzineArticles.com and as such , we may need to email or communicate with you from time to time in order to deliver our services .
Personal Information and Other Data We Collect
EzineArticles collects personal information such as your name , email address , postal address , phone numbers , etc . when you register for various services we provide ( example : Creating a membership account ) .
We may combine this data with other EzineArticles services or 3rd party data to provide a better user experience for you .
EzineArticles uses cookies ( a piece of data stored on the user 's computer ) and other technologies to provide you with a quality experience and to learn how you use our services so that we can continually innovate to improve our services .
EzineArticles servers may record/log information automatically any time you interact with our site or use any of our products & services .
This may include information such as your IP address , URL , browser type , domain name ( s ) , access dates & times , operating system , country of origin , language type , page views and user sessions to help diagnose problems and/or deliver our services to you .
We may use the personal information you provided to provide the services you requested and for our own research and analysis to operate and improve on the services and products that we deliver , as well as develop new services and products .
We may share the aggregated non-personal information with 3rd parties outside of EzineArticles.com .
When we use 3rd parties to assist us in the processing of your personal information ( example : shopping cart service provider ) , we require that they comply with our Privacy Policies , confidentiality and security measures .
We may share information with 3rd parties in limited circumstances when complying with legal process , preventing suspected fraud or imminent harm , and ensuring the security of our network and services .
We may use your postal and electronic address to send you items and/or information relevant to your use of our services .
We may conduct member and/or user survey 's in order to improve our services .
This site contains links to other 3rd party sites and these sites are not covered under our privacy policy .
We have made attempts to make sure these links are currently active but do not assure any responsibility for the content of these websites .
We highly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites as well .
EzineArticles may present links in a way that allows us to track whether these links have been followed .
We use this information to improve the quality of our services .
Advertising Specific Terms & Conditions
We use a combination of internal and 3rd party advertising companies to serve our ads on our website and in our emails , based on personal information .
To track the effectiveness of the ads and provide a better user experience , these companies use information about your web visits to our website to serve relevant ads .
Information collected and used may include IP address , geographical location , their cookie and and historical data previously collected .
We will not provide any personal information to our advertisers when you interact with or view a targeted ad , however , by viewing or interacting with an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will assume you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad ( s ) .
Security Management and Data Security
The EzineArticles.com web site has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control , including management procedures and specialized training for those who work directly with our databases .
We take measures to protect against the unauthorized access of personal data , including physical security considerations of the stored data .
We restrict access to personal data to EzineArticles.com employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , innovate , and deliver our services .
EzineArticles Affiliate Partner Information
All EzineArticles affiliate information including address , phone number , email addresses , and tax id numbers are held in strict confidence .
This information is collected for the purpose of generating commission payments , meeting United States federal tax laws , and managing our services .
From time to time , EzineArticles.com will occasionally update our Privacy Policy .
If there are any material changes to how we use your personal information , we will notify via email and provide you the opportunity to opt-out prior to any substantial change that has been taken .
However , if you have opted out of all communication from EzineArticles.com you will not be contacted , nor will your personal information be used in this new manner .
EzineArticles.com encourages you to periodically review our privacy policy to be informed of how we are committed to protecting your privacy .
You can decline to submit personal information for any of our services , in which case EzineArticles.com may not be able to provide services to you .
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , we may need to disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our web site or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
Contacting this Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this web site , you can contact :
Green Bay , WI 54307 ( USA )

The privacy of your personal information is important to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and our affiliated legal entities ( referred to in this policy collectively as `` the Church , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' and similar terms ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to be a general statement that describes how we collect , use , and process personal information you provide on our websites or Internet applications ( referred to as `` sites '' ) .
We strive to collect , use , and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we collect personal information .
This Privacy Policy applies to this site , which is owned and operated by the Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Corporation of the Presiding Bishop of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or FamilySearch International ( as noted specifically on the first page of the website ) .
In selected jurisdictions , the Church-affiliated entities may adopt unique Privacy Policy provisions to reflect the requirements of applicable local laws .
When a separate provision is deemed necessary , we will provide you with an additional notice .
You can visit most of our sites without providing any personal information .
When personal information is requested , we adhere to the following privacy principles regarding how we collect , use , disclose , transfer , and store your information .
When you create an LDS Account directly or through a FamilySearch site , register an account on one of our sites , add profile information , or take other similar actions , we may collect or obtain from you or your membership records ( if applicable ) information including , but not limited to , your name , address , e-mail address , phone number , photo , contact or profile preferences , and Church unit information .
We may also collect information your Internet device or web browser sends whenever you visit one of our sites , including an Internet Protocol address .
se of Personal Information
We may use the personal information you provide to ( a ) allow us to contact you , ( b ) fulfill requests you make , ( c ) seek your voluntary feedback on website features or content , or ( d ) help fulfill our mission .
We may also use your personal information for internal purposes , including auditing , data analysis , system troubleshooting , and research .
In addition , we may use both the personal information you provided and the information your web browser sends ( see section 10 below ) in order to detect users who appear to be causing harm to our sites or in order to personalize users ' experiences on our sites .
If your information will be used for any purpose besides those outlined above , we will specifically inform you and obtain your consent , if legally required .
From time to time , we may also make you aware of options to opt out of using or opt in to use certain features .
Use of Church Membership Information
If you are a member of the Church , your general membership information ( for example , name , address , and phone number ) and other optional information you may choose to provide ( for example , email address , photo , and so forth ) may be shared with Church members in your ward or branch and stake or district for internal Church purposes with your prior consent if your consent is legally required .
Some of your information may also be viewable on a limited and restricted basis on our Internet sites , including LDS.org .
You may opt out of sharing information or limit the optional information you share by modifying your profile preferences on individual sites .
In addition , your membership information , including your personal contact information , may be shared with Church leadership for internal Church purposes .
On some of our sites you may provide your own content and comments in selected areas .
Some of your submissions are intended to be private and not viewable by others ( for example , personal online notes , journaling , or similar features ) .
However , other content submissions may be intended to be publically available and viewable by others ( for example , written testimonials or online comments in selected areas of our sites ) .
In instances where your content submissions will be made publically available or shared with other third parties , we will ask for your express agreement either at the time you create a separate profile ( for example , mormon.org or familysearch.org ) or at the time you upload content ( for example , when you upload video clips or genealogy information ) .
We recommend that you use caution when providing content intended to be viewed publically and that you avoid posting information that could cause harm or injury , or risk of harm or injury , to yourself or others .
All types of content submissions you provide will be stored either on our systems or the systems of our affiliates or third parties ( as defined in section 7A below ) .
While industry standards are used to safeguard your submissions from unauthorized access , disclosure , or modification ( as defined in section 8 below ) , we can not guarantee complete privacy and we may , in some instances , choose or be legally required to disclose such information to third parties as outlined in section 7 of this policy .
Though we are under no obligation to monitor your content submissions , we reserve the right to do so at our sole discretion .
We also reserve the right to block or remove any content we deem inappropriate , obscene , lewd , lascivious , filthy , violent , harassing , defamatory , libelous , tortious , illegal , threatening , or otherwise objectionable , regardless of whether it was intended to be private or public .
Since we do not review all content submitted through every feature on every site , we can not guarantee that we will be able to take protective measures in the event you provide content disclosing information about a person who is a victim of harm or abuse or is at risk of becoming a victim of harm or abuse .
When we become aware of content that we consider to be offensive or that could compromise the privacy of your personal or confidential information or that of another person , we will make a good-faith effort to block or remove such content .
We retain collected personal information and submissions for a reasonable period of time to fulfill the collection purpose and then delete it from our records , with the exception of limited historical profile information , general genealogy records , and membership information retained as part of a permanent genealogical or Church historical record .
We endeavor to maintain the accuracy of personal information and rely on you to ensure your personal information is complete and accurate .
You may verify , correct , or remove your personal information through your website-specific registration , through your profile , or through your LDS Account , where applicable .
If you are a Church member , some of your personal information may be updated only by making changes to your Church membership record .
Such changes must be made by contacting the clerk in your Church unit and requesting the change .
Upon receiving your e-mail message , we will do our best to provide you with a response within 30 days .
If we can not honor your request within the 30-day period or can not provide you access to the requested information , we will explain why .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We regard your personal information as confidential and do not sell it to anyone .
We do not share your personal information with other parties except in the following circumstances ( or in other instances where we specifically inform you and obtain your prior consent ) :
We may provide personal information to third parties for their use in performing internal functions on our behalf ( for example , payment processing , maintenance , security , data analysis , hosting , and so forth ) .
In such instances , the providers will be contractually required to protect personal information from additional use ( including for marketing purposes ) or transfer in accordance with this Privacy Policy and industry standards .
We may transfer personal information to any Church-affiliated entity to accomplish Church purposes .
For membership information transfers from the European Union , we rely on standard clause agreements between Church entities in compliance with European Union requirements .
For online submissions of personal information , we deem an individual 's submission to be an affirmative act , indicating informed consent to the processing of the data as well as informed consent to allow the transborder data transfer to the United States of America , where applicable , for the purposes for which it was provided .
We may access and disclose your personal information , posts , journal entries , online chats , personal notes , content , or other submissions to any website if we have a good-faith belief that doing so is required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order or otherwise required by law .
Additionally , we may disclose your personal information and other information where we , in good faith , deem it appropriate or necessary to prevent a violation of our other agreements ; to take precautions against liability ; to protect the rights , property , or safety of the site , of any individual , or of the general public ; to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our services or infrastructure ; to protect ourselves and our services from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses ; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations ; or to assist government law enforcement agencies .
We use technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information we receive against loss , misuse , and unauthorized alteration and to protect its confidentiality .
We regularly review our security procedures and consider appropriate new security technology and methods .
We also use current encryption technology to encrypt the transmission of data on our log-in pages .
However , because we can not guarantee the complete security of these encryption technologies , please use caution when submitting personal information online .
Where local law permits , you may submit personal information , including contact information about someone other than yourself ( in other words , a third party ) to allow us to make contact with that person , make a delivery , or otherwise meet your request .
The information collected will be used solely to facilitate your request .
When providing personal information about anyone other than yourself , you must first obtain the other person 's informed consent if his or her consent is legally required .
assive Data Collection : Tracking Technologies , Cookies , and Clear GIFs
When you visit any of our sites , our servers or filtering systems may collect information that your web browser sends any time you visit a website .
This information may include but is not limited to your browser type , your operating system , your language preference , any referring web page you were visiting before you came to our site , the date and time of each visitor request , and information you search for on our sites .
We also use cookies and clear GIFs to collect information .
A cookie is a small bit of data used to transfer information to either your computer 's hard drive or your web browser for record-keeping purposes .
A cookie serves as a sort of label that allows our sites to recognize your web browser when you return to our sites .
A clear GIF ( also known as a web beacon ) is used in combination with cookies to help us understand how visitors interact with our sites .
A clear GIF is typically a transparent graphic image placed on a website .
The use of clear GIFs allows us to monitor your actions when you open a web page and makes it easier for us to follow and record the activities of recognized browsers .
For example , using clear GIFs , we can track the path of page visits on a website and monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our sites .
We collect this information to better understand how you use and interact with our sites in order to improve your experience .
We may also share this information with our employees , contractors , service providers , and affiliated entities as defined in section 7 .
You can change your web browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use some sections or functions of our sites .
Policy Compliance and Questions Regarding the Privacy of Personal Information
We have a data privacy officer who helps ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and answers questions about data privacy or security issues .
This officer also helps educate Church employees concerning compliance .
Inquiries concerning this Privacy Policy or the security of personal information that we process may be sent through e-mail , fax , or mail to the following :
Address : Data Privacy Office
Salt Lake City , UT 84150-0018
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 on most of our sites .
Any of our sites that collect children 's information will do so only with the prior express and informed consent of the child 's parent or guardian in compliance with applicable law .
We strongly recommend that minors under the age of 18 ask their parents for permission before sending any personal information to anyone over the Internet , and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe Internet use practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third-party sites .
For your own protection , you should review the policies of other sites to ensure they meet your personal privacy expectations .
Future Changes to Privacy Policy
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may change , modify , add , or remove portions as needed .
If we change this Privacy Policy in ways that affect how we use your personal information , we will notify you here or in a notice on our home page .
We will also update the revision date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to remain informed of any changes .
This version of the Privacy Policy became effective on February 01 , 2012 .

Effective January 1 , 2006
FineArtAmerica.com is an online service which brings together fine art collectors , artists , and art galleries .
Information Collected from Art Galleries
After opening an account with FineArtAmerica.com , art galleries are able to created detailed on-line profiles of their business , including : business name , business description , artwork sold , services provided , business phone numbers , e-mail addresses , local contact information , and much more .
All of this information is fully disclosed on the FineArtAmerica.com website .
Any site visitor that visits FineArtAmerica.com and navigates to a gallery 's `` profile page '' will be able to view all of the profile information that has been entered by that gallery .
FineArtAmerica.com does not store credit card information ( if applicable ) .
When creating an on-line profile , a gallery may disclose contact information for some or all of the gallery 's employees .
Typically , a gallery would want to disclose contact information for the business owners , sales managers , and inside sales staff .
It is the sole responsibility of the gallery to use good judgment in disclosing this information , keeping in mind that ALL information will be readily viewable on the FineArtAmerica.com website .
It is generally advised to avoid using home addresses , home phone numbers , and personal e-mail addresses for employees and , instead , to only disclose company information .
Information Collected from Artists
After opening an account with FineArtAmerica.com , an artist is able to created a detailed on-line profile , including : the artist 's name , biography , artwork , phone numbers , e-mail addresses , and much more .
All of this information is fully disclosed on the FineArtAmerica.com website .
Any site visitor that visits FineArtAmerica.com and navigates to the artist 's `` profile page '' will be able to view all of the profile information that has been entered by that artist .
FineArtAmerica.com does not store credit card information ( if applicable ) .
Information Collected from Art Collectors
In order to maintain the relevance and integrity of all questions that are posted on our site , we require art collectors to open a free account and provide their contact information before posting questions .
The collected information includes : first name , last name , city , state , zipcode , and e-mail address .
This information is disclosed on the website at the sole discretion of the collector .
When posting questions , the collector has the option of posting `` openly '' or `` confidentially '' .
If the collector selects `` openly '' , then all of the collector 's contact information will be posted along with the question .
If `` confidentally '' is selected , then only the following information will be submitted : the collector 's city , state , and zipcode .
This information will reveal the location of the collector , but not his / her identity .
The submitted question ( including any submitted contact information ) will only be viewable by registered artists and galleries .
At the end of each day , all questions are e-mailed to artists and galleries throughout the United States and Canada .
In addition , the questions are stored in a database which the artists and galleries may access after logging into their secure area of the FineArtAmerica.com website .
Art collectors have the ability to remove their question at any time .
This action will remove their question from the FineArtAmerica.com database and prevent artists and galleries from viewing or responding to the deleted question .
Questions will automatically be deleted from the database after thirty days .
FineArtAmerica.com member accounts , including artists , galleries , and collectors , are secured by member-created passwords .
FineArtAmerica.com takes precautions to ensure that member account information is kept private .
We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database , and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions , such as our customer service personnel and technical staff .
Please note that we can not guarantee the security of member account information .
FineArtAmerica.com uses cookies to store the city , state , and zipcode of all visitors to the website .
As the name implies , FineArtAmerica.com is a local website .
Visitors that view the site from Chicago are able to view a custom site that is dedicated to Chicago and the surround area .
Similarly , a visitor from New York City will view a different site which is dedicated to New York City and the surrounding area .
To enhance the visitor 's browsing experience , we store a cookie on the visitors computer which will allow us to remember the visitor 's location next time they return to the site .
We do not link the cookie to any personally identifiable information that visitors may submit while on the website .
FineArtAmerica.com contains links to other websites .
FineArtAmerica.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When linking to another site , a visitor should read the privacy policy stated on that site .
Our privacy policy only governs information collected on FineArtAmerica.com .
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
From time to time , FineArtAmerica.com may make changes to our privacy policy .
If we make changes , we will post them on our site to make users and providers aware of what the changes are so that they will always be aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and when we may disclose it .
A user/provider is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted .
If , however , we are going to use personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection , we will notify by posting a notice on our website for thirty days .

Last update : January 2013
At Fiverr we care about your privacy .
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
We do not disclose it to others except as required to provide you with the services of the Fiverr.com website ( Site ) , meaning to allow you to buy , sell , share the information you want to share on the Site , pay for products , post reviews and so on .
We collect information that you provide us or share with other users voluntarily , and also some general technical information that is automatically gathered by our systems , such as IP address , browser information and cookies to enable you a better user experience and a more personalized browsing experience .
Information that you provide us in the process of the registration will remain private and secure including your contact information .
Information that you choose to publish on the site ( photos , videos , text , music , reviews , deliveries ) is no longer private , just like any information you publish online .
Technical information that is gathered by our systems , or third party systems automatically may be used for Site operation , optimization , analytics , content promotion and enhancement of user experience .
We may use your information to contact you to provide notices related to your activities , or offer you promotions and general updates , but we will not let any other person , including sellers and buyers , contact you , other than through your user login .
You can read more about information we collect , how we use it , understand what is the meaning of Cookie ( no , you ca n't eat it ) and more in the long and boring version of our privacy policy below .
Fiverr ( including Fiverr Inc. , Fiver International Ltd. and its affiliates ) respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information of its users buyers , sellers , and visitors browsing the site ( Users ) .
This policy explains our privacy practices for the Site and services provided by Fiverr .
By accessing and/or using the Site and its related sites , applications , services , goods and/or registering for a Fiverr account , you consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy , including to our collection , use , disclosure , processing and retention of your personal information .
You can also learn how to limit sharing of information in this policy .
When you register to the Site we ask you to provide certain personal information , including a valid email address , location and username .
We may collect additional information such as physical address and additional authentication information , to provide you with the services you need ( such as payment or withdrawal of funds , sending physical goods ) , or to ensure the markeplace integrity ( for example , prevention of fraud ) .
We collect information to provide better services and enhanced user experience to all of our Users .
In addition , we collect information while you access , browse , view or otherwise use the Site .
In other words , when you access the Site we are aware of your usage of the Site , and may gather , collect and record the information relating to such usage , including , geo-location information , IP address , device and connection information , browser information and web-log information , and all communications recorded by Users through the Site .
We use that information to enhance user experience , personalize your browsing experience as well as monitor the Site for fraud and inappropriate content or behavior .
We may also collect supplemental information obtained from third parties such as demographic and navigation data .
Once you register , your username and additional information regarding your activity is made public and is visible to all Users of the Site .
This information includes photos you upload , your published portfolio , Gig information , ratings , and additional information you may choose to add to your profile .
How do we collect Information ?
You directly provide us with most of the information we collect .
You do this by filling out the registration details on the Site , and by posting and sharing additional information voluntarily this can include information about sellers and their Gigs , User 's location , sharing of portfolio , ratings and feedbacks by buyers and anything you choose to add to your user profile .
We also collect technical information indirectly and automatically through our systems .
This information may include logging your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , software configuration , operating system and use of Cookies ; Cookies are small files sent from us to your computer and sometimes back .
Cookies ultimately help us improve your navigation and ease of use of our Site .
Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information .
You can find further information about Cookies in this policy below , under Cookies and Local Storage .
How do we use the Information collected ?
We use personal information only as appropriate to provide you with quality service and security .
For example , we may use the information collected from you to verify your identity .
We may also use this information to establish and set up your account , verify or re-issue a password , log your activity and contact you from time to time .
The information helps us improve our services to you , customize your browsing experience and inform you about additional products , services or promotions that may be of interest to you .
In addition , this information helps us track any fraudulent activities and other inappropriate activities and monitor content integrity .
Should you ever deactivate your account with us , we will keep your information on file , but only use it to comply with regulatory requirements and to contact you occasionally with the option to reactivate your account .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this privacy policy .
We processes personal information on our servers in different jurisdictions world-wide .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations .
In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our Site terms and take other actions permitted by law .
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your personal information with information we collect from automatically or obtain from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can opt-out through the link attached to each communication .
We may provide your personal details to third parties , only in order to operate the Site , and prevent fraud and illegal activities , as detailed below .
To service providers for the purpose of opening , operating and servicing your account ( example payment vendors , CRM systems , mailing systems or technical consultants ) ;
To respond to a subpoena or court order , judicial process or to regulatory authorities ; and
To protect against fraud , unauthorized transactions ( such as money laundering ) , claims or other liabilities .
We do not collect credit information ; but allow our payment vendors to collect information for the purpose of collecting payments from buyers on the site or transferring payments to sellers on the site .
We are not exposed to the payment information provided to our payment vendors , and this information is subject to the privacy policy applicable to the payment vendor .
Cookies & Local Storage
When you visit the Site , we may use industry-wide technologies such as `` cookies '' ( or similar technologies ) , which store certain information on your computer and which will allow us , among other things , to enable automatic sign-in to the Site , make your browsing much more convenient and effortless and allow us to test user experience and offer you personalized browsing or promotions .
Cookies ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
The Site uses cookies to collect statistical data about its use , to tailor the Site 's functionality to suit Users ' personal preferences and to assist with various aspects of Site operation .
These files contain a variety of information such as information about webpages visited by Users , the length of time Users visited certain Sites , data about how Users came to visit particular sites , the scope and nature of those sites , areas viewed by Users , and additional information .
We may use third party service providers to deliver ads or promotions related to the Site .
These service providers may use cookies or other tracking technologies to identify your activity on our Site and on third party websites .
However , this tracking information does not identify you personally , is not combined with personally identifiable information from the Site and is subject to the privacy policies of the related third party service providers .
You may set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , cookies may , in certain cases , save the User from the need to enter usernames and passwords , and allow session continuity .
We take great care in maintaining the security of the Site and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures .
However , we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur .
Users who have registered to the Site agree to keep their password in strict confidence and not disclose such password to any third party .
While using the Site you may encounter links to third party websites .
Fiverr is not responsible for these sites and has no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such sites .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of such websites .
Our terms of use and our privacy policy apply only to information collected by us in accordance with this policy .
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings .
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
In the event that you believe our information is in anyway incorrect or inaccurate , please let us know immediately .
We will make sure we investigate the matter and correct any inaccuracies as quickly as possible where necessary or give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
If for any reason you have a problem with deleting your personal information please contact Fiverr 's Customer Support and we will make reasonable efforts to delete any such information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time , so please re-visit this page frequently .
Changes to this privacy policy are effective as of the stated `` Last Update and your continued use of the Site on or after the Last Update date will constitute acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , those changes .
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition , bankruptcy , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your information may be among the assets transferred .

xkcd - Privacy policy
Your information is collected via two ways .
Firstly , by browsing xkcd will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies , which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer 's web browser temporary files .
The first two cookies just contain a user identifier ( hereinafter user-id ) and an anonymous session identifier ( hereinafter session-id ) , automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software .
A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within xkcd and is used to store which topics have been read , thereby improving your user experience .
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing xkcd , though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software .
The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us .
This can be , and is not limited to : posting as an anonymous user ( hereinafter anonymous posts ) , registering on xkcd ( hereinafter your account ) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in ( hereinafter your posts ) .
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name ( hereinafter your user name ) , a personal password used for logging into your account ( hereinafter your password ) and a personal , valid e-mail address ( hereinafter your e-mail ) .
Your information for your account at xkcd is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us .
Any information beyond your user name , your password , and your e-mail address required by xkcd during the registration process is either mandatory or optional , at the discretion of xkcd .
In all cases , you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed .
Furthermore , within your account , you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated e-mails from the phpBB software .
Your password is ciphered ( a one-way hash ) so that it is secure .
However , it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites .
Your password is the means of accessing your account at xkcd , so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with xkcd , phpBB or another 3rd party , legitimately ask you for your password .
Should you forget your password for your account , you can use the I forgot my password feature provided by the phpBB software .
This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail , then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account .

Last Updated : December 11 , 2013
Foursquare Labs , Inc .
Foursquare Labs , Inc .
( `` Foursquare '' ) knows that you take your privacy seriously .
We do , too .
We are committed to giving you transparency of our privacy practices and control over your data in connection with Foursquare 's Service ( as defined in Foursquare 's Terms of Service ) .
To that end , in addition to this Privacy Policy , we have developed the following other documents that complement and are part of this policy , all of which describe the data we collect , how we use it , with whom we share it , and your choices regarding your data :
A 'Privacy 101 ' page , a concise and easy to read way to learn about privacy on Foursquare and the guiding principles that inform how we develop Foursquare and the decisions we make ; and
A set of FAQs related to privacy .
This Privacy Policy covers Foursquare 's treatment of personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) and other data that Foursquare gathers when you are accessing Foursquare 's Service .
The Service is not available to individuals who are younger than 13 years old .
What Personal Information Does Foursquare Collect
Personal Information You Provide to Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Service or provide to us in any other way .
The types of Personal Information collected may include your name , email address , phone number , birthday , Twitter and/or Facebook usernames , use information regarding your use of our Service , and browser information .
We automatically receive your location when you use the Service .
We use various technologies to determine location , such as location services of the applicable operating system or browser and sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi- access points and cell towers .
The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile that can be used to interact with other users through the Service , improving the content of the Service , customizing the advertising and content you and your friends see , and communicating with you about specials and new features .
We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Services of our community to your needs , to research the effectiveness of our network and Services , and to develop new tools for the community .
Information Collected Automatically : When you use the Service , Foursquare automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser or mobile platform , including your location , IP address , cookie information , and the page you requested .
We treat this data as non-Personal Information , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , Foursquare only uses this data in aggregate form .
We may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users , collectively , use our Service , so that our partners may also understand how often people use their services and our Service .
Information We Receive from Third Parties : We receive and store information from third parties that interact in some way with the Service or that provide services to us in connection with the Service .
For example , if you unlock a Foursquare special that is redeemed through a credit card swipe , the credit card processor may tell us information about the redemption such as the time that your card was swiped .
In addition , you may choose to use apps that share your Personal Information , activities and/or content with Foursquare .
Please read the privacy policy of any such app so that you understand its sharing practices .
How is My Information Shared
Personal Information about our users is an integral part of our business .
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone , though , as described more fully in this section below ( under `` Publicly Available Information , the Foursquare API , and Apps '' ) , your publicly-available information is available to third parties , and we may provide it to third parties , by license or otherwise .
The default user settings for all data about you that is visible to others is summarized in our Privacy FAQs , together with information on how to change the default user settings or how to generally remove information , where applicable .
Foursquare may share your Personal Information only as described in this Privacy Policy and related documents .
Friends : Your friends can see , for example , the location and time of each of your check-ins , name , email , phone number , photo , hometown , mayorships and badges , links to your Twitter and Facebook accounts ( if you have connected those accounts to your Foursquare account ) , a list of your friends , and tips you write .
Individuals reading this information may use it or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge .
We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in comments or tips or other content ( location or otherwise ) that you create in the Service .
Businesses , Locations , Events and Brands : One of the key purposes of Foursquare is to help users learn about businesses , locations , events and brands ( for example , a TV show , a TV personality , newspaper or a consumer good that manages a page on the Service ) that are relevant to them , and for these entities to provide information about themselves , their locations and events to users , as well as to reward users when they visit their location or event through offers and specials .
When you check-in to a particular location that is a claimed location ' your check-ins are shared with that location in order for it to better provide services to you .
Additionally , brands may have access to aggregated and anonymous data , such as anonymized check-in data ( that is , not tied to individual users ) of users that like their brand .
For more info read the Privacy FAQs .
Publicly Available Information , the Foursquare API , and Apps : When you use Foursquare , certain information is public , such as your public user profile information , tips , likes , public photos , lists that you create and lists of friends , and may be searchable by search engines and be shared with or disclosed to third parties , including through our API to a wide range of users and services .
We may also share or disclose aggregated and anonymous data , such as anonymized check-in data ( that is , not tied to individual users ) , to third parties , including users of our API , for analytical or other purposes .
In addition , use of third party apps developed using our API are subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third party developers .
Certain Personal Information may be made available to third party developers if you or your `` friends '' use these third party apps .
You should review the policies of third party apps and websites to ensure that you are comfortable with the ways in which they use and disclose the information you share with them .
We do not guarantee that they will follow our rules or our Privacy Policy .
Note that your friends will also be able to see which third party apps that you use .
Agents : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you .
Our agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us , and they provide a comparable level of protection for your Personal Information .
Determining and Sharing Location
Foursquare deals with location , so in order to work , Foursquare needs to know your location .
Whenever you open and use/interact with the Foursquare app on your mobile device or go to Foursquare.com , we use the location information from your mobile device or browser ( e.g. , latitude and longitude ) to tailor the Foursquare experience to your current location ( i.e. , we 'll show you a list of nearby locations , friends and tips ) .
This information is NOT shared with others .
Also , Foursquare uses your mobile device 's background location ' ( formerly known as Radar ' ) to provide the service , including to send you notifications of tips/friends/ interesting things etc . near you .
If you have background location ' turned on , the Foursquare app will , from time to time , tell us about your device 's location even if you are not directly interacting with the application .
Your location data is ONLY shared with others when you proactively decide to `` check in '' to tell Foursquare you 're at a particular place or , if you have turned on check-in by friends , ' when your friend mentions you in his or her check in .
The location information shared with a `` check in '' is the location information of that place .
Each of your Foursquare check-ins is saved to your `` Check-in History , '' which allows you to look back at all the locations you have checked in since you created your Foursquare account .
You can delete any or all of your check-ins from the check-in details page on the Foursquare website and Foursquare app .
If for some reason you ever decide to delete your Foursquare account , your entire check-in history will be removed from our database .
The Foursquare service includes several features that may allow you to share your information with others .
For each of these and our other features , the information available to friends and others , our default user settings , and how to alter the default settings , is available in the Privacy FAQs .
Please review them carefully .
Please remember that if you choose to provide personal information using certain features of the Service , that information may be available to the wider Foursquare community , or may be published on the Foursquare website , which is subject to indexing by third party search engines .
Sharing with Partners , in connection with business transfers , and for the protection of Foursquare and others
Our Partners : In addition to the data sharing described above , we enter into relationships with a variety of businesses and work closely with them .
In certain situations , these businesses , provide services to you , sell items or provide promotions to you through Foursquare 's Service .
In other situations , Foursquare provides services , or sells products jointly with these businesses .
You can easily recognize when one of these businesses is associated with your transaction , and we will share your Personal Information that is related to such transactions with that business .
Business Transfers : If Foursquare or substantially all of its assets are acquired , or in the unlikely event that Foursquare goes out of business or enters bankruptcy , user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
Protection of Foursquare and Others : We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law , including laws outside your country of residence ; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Foursquare , our employees , our users , or others .
his includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations ( including outside of your country of residence ) for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
If you do not want to receive commercial email or other mail from us , please indicate your preference during the registration process or by making a modification on your account settings page or through the 'settings ' tab on our website once you 're logged into the service .
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us , such as notices regarding this Privacy Policy , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Foursquare Service , and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes .
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Foursquare if your computer supports this type of program .
Foursquare uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful and improve our service .
What About Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our agents use technologies like cookies , pixels , and local storage ( like on your browser or device , which is similar to a cookie but holds more information ) on our website , in our emails , and identifiers supplied by app platform companies within our apps to provide you with a range of products and services .
You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools .
For more information , including the types of cookies and similar technologies found on Foursquare , please read Foursquare 's 'Cookie Policy ' .
By continuing to use our Service through your computer or mobile device , you consent to our use of cookies , pixels and local storage in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Foursquare 's Cookie Policy .
We may work with advertisers or other partners and advertising service providers to serve ads or services to computers , mobile phones or other devices , which may use a cookie , pixel or other similar technology placed by Foursquare or the third party ( although we would not share any other information that identifies you with an advertiser ) .
This Privacy Policy and Foursquare 's Cookie Policy covers the use of cookies by Foursquare and its service providers and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
For information about how to opt out of receiving behavioral advertisements from our advertising partners , click here or click here .
Also , certain versions of the iOS operating system permit you to limit ad tracking in the system settings .
Additionally , you can opt-out of Foursquare serving behaviorally targeted ads outside of the Foursquare app and Foursquare.com in your account settings .
Is Personal Information About Me Secure
Your Foursquare account Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security .
You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately , and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account .
Foursquare endeavors to safeguard user information to ensure that user account information is kept private .
However , Foursquare can not guarantee the security of user account information .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
The Service may contain links to other sites .
Foursquare is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When linking to another site , you should read the privacy policy stated on that site .
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Service .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that this site is hosted on our computer servers in the United States .
Therefore , your information may be processed and stored in the United States .
As a result , United States federal and state governments , courts , or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the United States .
Your use of this site or the Service or your submission of any Personal Information to us will constitute your consent to the transfer of your Personal Information outside of your home country , including the United States , which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country .
Foursquare complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Foursquare has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
What Personal Information Can I Access
Foursquare allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing , and in certain situations , updating that information and ensuring that it is accurate and complete .
You can access this information on the Foursquare website by visiting the user settings page ( except usage information , which can be accessed in the `` History '' tab ) .
This list will change as our Service changes .
Other User profile information ( for example , home city , photo )
Usage information ( for example , check-in history )
How Do I Delete My Account
Should you ever decide to delete your Foursquare account , you may do so by clicking on the `` delete account '' link on your account settings page .
If you terminate your account , your profile , including your check-in history , badges you received , your User Submissions ( as defined in Foursquare 's Terms of Service ) and any promotional offers you received , will be removed from the site and deleted from Foursquare 's servers .
Because of the way we maintain Foursquare , such deletion may not be immediate , and residual copies of your profile information or posts may remain on backup media for up to ninety ( 90 ) days .
How Is Information Removed From My Account
Even after you remove information from your account or profile , copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere , to the extent it has been shared with others , it was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings , or it was copied or stored by other users .
Removed and deleted information may remain on backup media for up to ninety ( 90 ) days prior to being deleted from our servers .
Will There Be Changes To This Privacy Policy
Foursquare may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make material changes in the way we use Personal Information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email .
Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use the Service after such changes have been first posted .
What If I Have Questions Or Concerns
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .

Games Press home page
Access to , and use of the Games Press site , is provided to you subject to the following Terms and Conditions :
In entering our site you are accepting our Terms and Conditions .
From time to time we may modify these terms and conditions .
Accordingly , please continue to review these terms and conditions of service whenever accessing or using this site .
Your use of the site , or any service on this site , after the posting of modifications to these terms and conditions of service will constitute YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE , as modified .
If , at any time , you do not wish to accept the terms and conditions of service , you may not use the site .
Any terms and conditions proposed by you which are in addition to or which conflict with these terms and conditions of service are expressly rejected by Games Press Ltd and shall be of no force or effect .
This Web site , including but not limited to text , content , photographs , video , audio and graphics ( the `` Service '' ) , is protected by copyrights , trademarks , service marks , international treaties and/or other proprietary rights and laws of the United Kingdom and other countries .
The Service is also protected as a collective work or compilation under UK copyright and other laws and treaties .
All individual articles , columns and other elements making up the Service are also copyrighted works .
You agree to abide by all applicable copyright and other laws , as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in the Service .
You agree not to adapt , alter or create any derivative work from any of the material supplied by the Service where that material has been originally and explicitly created for the Service .
You may use any material supplied by the Service for commercial purposes , provided that you do not create and do not intend to create any derivative work .
Your use of the Service is subject to a fair usage policy .
Your use of the Service will be monintored and if you are considered by Games Press to be consuming excessive amounts of bandwidth your login may be suspended or cancelled .
The use of automated systems to `` rip '' large quantities of data from Games Press without obtaining prior consent from us is prohibited .
You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes , and in a manner which does not infringe the rights of , or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party .
Such restriction or inhibition includes , without limitation , conduct which is unlawful , or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site .
The Service and the information , names , images , pictures , logos and icons regarding or relating to Games Press Ltd , its products and services ( or to third party products and services ) , is provided `` as is '' and on an `` is available '' basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied , including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality , fitness for a particular purpose , non-infringement , compatibility , security and accuracy .
In no event will Games Press Ltd be liable for any damages including , without limitation , indirect or consequential damages , or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use , data , or profits , whether in action of contract , negligence or other tortuous action , arising out of or in connection with the use of the site .
Games Press Ltd does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free , that defects will be corrected , or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality , accuracy and reliability of the materials .
The names , images and logos identifying Games Press Ltd or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of Games Press Ltd and/or third parties .
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any licence or right under any trademark or patent of Games Press Ltd or any other third party .
If you are in any doubt as to whether you have the rights to publish or use the material included on Games Press it is your responsibility to seek permission from the copyright owner .
Games Press Ltd does not guarantee that any material on the site is available for publication and can not be held accountable for any costs you incur as a result of publishing material from the site .
You are required to list any appropriate copyrights , trademarks , registered trade marks and picture credits .
Occasionally within the site you may find other rules or terms relating to specific material which may conflict with or contradict these terms and conditions .
If there is any conflict then the rules or terms relating to specific material will win out over the more general terms and conditions .
As part of the registration and account creation process necessary to obtain access to portions of Games Press , you will select a subscriber username and a password .
You will provide Games Press Ltd with certain registration information , all of which must be accurate and truthful .
You shall not ( i ) select a username already used by another person ; ( ii ) use a username in which another person has rights without such person 's authorization ; or ( iii ) use a username or password that Games Press Ltd , in its sole discretion , deems offensive or inappropriate .
You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password , and shall not disclose it to any other person .
You are solely responsible for all usage or activity on your Games Press account , including but not limited to use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your username and password .
Any fraudulent , abusive , or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your account , in Games Press Ltd 's sole discretion , and Games Press Ltd may refer you to appropriate law enforcement agencies .
You must notify Games Press Ltd if any of your registration information subsquently changes .
Upon termination , you will receive a confirmation via e-mail that the request was received , and your account will be terminated within two business days .
You represent , warrant and covenant that : ( a ) you have the power and authority to enter into this agreement ; ( b ) you are at least eighteen years old ; ( c ) you shall not use any rights granted hereunder for any unlawful purpose ; and ( d ) you shall use the Service only as set forth in these Terms and Conditions .
The Service is subject to any limitations from time to time stated on our Website .
Whilst we do what we reasonably can to ensure availability at all times , we can not and do not offer a continuous , uninterrupted or error free service and no warranty is given in this respect .
Without limitation , we may at any time temporarily suspend/restrict access for back up , maintenance , repairs and improvements and/or give instructions to You regarding the use of the Service which we believe are necessary for security or to maintain or improve the quality of the Service to You and to other members .
You will comply with such instructions and , while they are in force , such instructions will be deemed to form part of this Agreement .
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal , invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective , then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal , invalid or unenforceable , it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive , remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable .
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales .
Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales .
If you do n't agree to these Terms and Conditions in full then you must leave this web site immediately .
We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy online and have taken steps to protect the information you share with us .
To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the username and password you set up in connection with your participation in any Games Press service .
Games Press Ltd collects certain personal information from you in order to verify your registration and give you access to material intended only for members of the computer and video games industry .
Your personal details are kept strictly confidential .
We will never pass on your personal details to a third party without your express permission .
Each time you visit a page within Games Press we record the time and date , the page you visited and your username .
We then cross-reference this information to the publication or company name supplied by you on your registration form .
In order to fund Games Press we provide our clients ( the companies that provide the press releases , release schedules and artwork ) with a list of publications and/or companies that have viewed their material on Games Press .
They are only given publication and/or company names .
Your personal details are never revealed , and we believe your anonymity is retained .
Your name , username , password , e-mail address and optional use of the e-mail digest is kept strictly confidential at all times .
Occasionally Games Press may use links or frames to take you to other Web sites , or embed those Web sites within the Games Press page .
In particular , the Jobs section has a Games Press frame which incorporates pages originating from GamesIndustry.biz .
Unless otherwise stated clearly on pages that require your confirmation ( for instance , when taking you to company press sites that Games Press Ltd hosts ) your details are never passed to third party Web sites .
Please note , however , that these sites may , without our knowledge , use standard Internet tracking techniques to record your visit .
These may include , but are not limited to , their own Cookies , the IP address of your computer and the referring address of the Web page that called them , standard Internet techniques that are outside of our control .
In the case of referring addresses originating from within Games Press , we do not include personally identifiable information within the page address .
Unless you opted out when you registered , we may occasionally e-mail you with information about Games Press , or with other information that we think might be relevant to you .
Games Press Ltd is registered with Data Protection Agency .
You are entitled to view the Data Protection Register .
When we hold your personal details on our database we have an obligation under the law to hold accurate information , and to let you know what we 're holding if you want to know .
We also need to collect the information fairly .
The law gives us up to 40 days from receipt of your e-mail in which to reply to your request .
We will send you the information ( as held by us ) within the time limit and will try to send it within 14 days .
The Games Press Web site can , optionally , store a Cookie on your computer in order to automatically log you into the site on each visit .
Cookies do not identify the user of a computer and by themselves only record what areas of a site a computer has been used to visit .
If you object to Games Press Ltd using cookies you should set your computer to block them , or access Your Details and deselect the Store as a Cookie option .
If you no longer wish to receive e-mail digests , you can , at any time , stop them or alter the frequency with which they arrive from the Your Details page .
In common with most other websites , Games Press uses cookies to improve your browsing experience .
Cookies are pieces of information that a website stores on your computer 's hard drive .
They allow the Games Press site to remember you from page to page and from visit to visit , and are essential to the way certain features of the site work .
In case you 're interested , these are the cookies Games Press uses :
ASPSESSIONIDSATTCQAQ A session cookie stored temporarily when you visit Games Press .
If , when you log in , you do n't select the option `` Store as a cookie for 2 weeks '' , this cookie helps us to keep you logged into the site for the duration of your current visit .
It disappears either when you close your browser or when 20 minutes passes without you doing anything on Games Press .
gpn % 5FGamespress Created if , when you log into Games Press , you select the option `` Store as a cookie for 2 weeks '' .
It holds a unique id and encrypted password so that we can log you in to the site automatically next time you visit us from the same computer .
The cookie expires after two weeks .
HotlinkBlocker Allows you , as a registered Games Press user , to view and download assets that are blocked to non-Games Press users .
__utma , __utmb , __utmc , __utmz
Used by Google Analytics , helping us to monitor usage of Games Press so we can improve the site for you .
The information stored is not identifiable to you personally .

Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Any reference to BMJ , `` we '' , `` us '' and `` our '' is to BMJ Publishing Group Limited , except where the relevant service is provided by another BMJ group company , in which case references to we , us or our shall , in respect of those services , be references to that BMJ group company .
BMJ Publishing Group Limited ( BMJ ) is a company registered in England and Wales ( registered number is 3102371 ) with registered office at BMJ , BMA House , Tavistock Square , London WC1H 9JR , UK
We are registered on the Data Protection Public Register .
Our Data Protection Registration Number is Z7607533 .
Any reference to website ( s ) or site ( s ) is to a website owned or controlled by BMJ Publishing Group Limited .
Any reference to you or your is a reference to you as a user of a BMJ website or service .
Protecting your privacy is one of our top priorities .
Please take a few minutes to read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you .
We will post revisions on the Website .
We recommend that you regularly review this policy for any changes .
It is your responsibility for doing so .
Other than for Evidence Based Nursing , or where we are hosting information for you ( such as on BMJ Portfolio ) , the BMJ shall be the data controller .
We will make every effort to protect your privacy by adopting a consistently high level of site security and adhering to strict company policies on how we store and use personal information .
This privacy policy has been developed in accordance with our legal obligations and may be updated from time to time .
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy prior to using our site and thereafter regularly review any changes .
It is your responsibility for doing so .
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you .
We will post revisions on the Website .
Where this Privacy Policy has been translated into a language which is not English , this has been done for your convenience only to aid your interpretation of the policy .
The English language version of this Privacy Policy is available here and it shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a version in any other language .
What information is being collected and how is it used ?
There are various sections of the website which correspond to different aspects of BMJ 's business .
The nature and purpose of the personal data we collect from you will differ depending on which area of the site ( s ) you access ( for example whether you are registering for one of our products or simply contacting us to provide feedback ) .
What data we collect and how this is used is set out in detail in this policy but general categories include :
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website which may include : your name , address , postcode , email address , date of birth , telephone number , payment details and service details ( if applicable ) ;
technical information about your use of BMJ services including details of your domain name , location and internet protocol ( IP ) address , operating system , browser version , the content you view , how long you stayed on a page ,
data collected through the use of `` cookies '' and/or other devices .
For full details , see our Cookie Policy which is contained in section 5 below .
other data from time to time to help us provide you with improved products and services for example when we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire .
In addition to the uses specified below , we may use information provided by you in the following ways :
to ensure that content on our site is presented in the most effective manner for you ;
monitor , develop and improve our products and services ;
to provide you with information , products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you , where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes ;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you choose to do so ; and
to notify you about changes to our service including to contact you with service messages .
By way of example , if any service for which you have registered is no longer available , we may contact you to let you know that it has closed and inform you of any similar services offered by us and/or any company within our group of companies and/or a third party partner on our behalf .
Many of our websites require subscriptions and/or registration to access certain functions , services or content .
You will know what information is being collected via these processes when you complete the relevant forms and provide the required details prior to submitting the application for the relevant subscription or registration .
On some of our websites , where you submit a response for publication your name and other personal details may be published .
You should check the policy on the relevant submission page on the specific BMJ operated website .
We will collect data relating to any transactions you carry out through our website ( s ) and of the fulfilment of your orders .
We collate data about registered users including which BMJ publications and services they have subscribed to in order that we can understand our customers and try and easily fulfil their subscription requirements .
Where you have supplied information relating to a conference ( for instance where you are attending a conference , or speaking at a conference ) , we will use your personal data to inform the venue and caterers of delegates , share that information with any co-owners , co-organisers or relevant suppliers and contractors of a conference ( where applicable ) .
We may also use your data to create a delegate or speaker list which will be distributed to all attendees and sponsors .
Once you start using our sites , we may track and keep a record of the pages you visit .
We collect this data from groups of users to get a sense of how people are using our sites and what content and which business areas or sections of the site are most popular .
This helps us improve what we offer on our sites .
We will also use your data to monitor for any unauthorised use of our websites , content or subscriptions to our publications ( for example individuals subscribing individually on behalf of institutions ) .
We may also disclose your identity and contact details to any third party claiming material posted by you is defamatory or violates their intellectual property rights or right to privacy .
You will be given at least one opportunity to opt in or out ( as applicable ) from receiving marketing emails from the BMJ and third parties .
For users who have opted to receive marketing emails from BMJ ( and others where indicated and there is a jointly supplied product or service ) , and visit our websites through links provided in these emails , we may send information about your website usage to our third party email direct marketing provider .
This is for the purpose of understanding the effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns and for targeting future email campaigns .
In addition to and subject to other uses of your personal data which are set out herein ( see clause 3 in particular ) , the information that you add to your BMJ Portfolio , including the areas of improvement you identify , the BMJ Learning modules you have started and /or completed , and other such information , is considered private save that our technicians have access to it in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
However , subject to clause 3 and the BMA exception described below we do not read this information unless it is necessary to do so , and we will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent .
In the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only ( and in accordance with clause 3 ( vii ) ) , we may disclose certain personal data to the British Medical Association ( BMA ) including in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules .
We reserve the right to release anonymised group data to third parties related to the use of specific modules .
You are able to give feedback about a learning module after completing it , and in the learning resources section of the site .
This information is visible to other users of the site , including guest users .
We will also use it to improve our site .
The forms you complete online and the learning modules you complete ( including obtaining certificates of completion ) are considered private .
Our technicians have access to them in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
However , we do not read this information unless necessary , and will not release it to other people or organisations , without your prior consent .
Subject to clause 3 ( vii ) , the data you enter into the BMJ Portfolio website , and any files you upload to it , is considered private .
Our technicians have access to this data in order to fix problems and maintain the site .
We may statistically analyse the information , in aggregate form , to learn more about the interests of our user base .
These statistics may be used to provide functionality that recommends useful resources to other users of BMJ Portfolio .
In no case will it be possible to identify an individual through such functionality , or through the underlying aggregate data .
BMJ Quality Improvement Programme Users
Where you have registered and/or purchased access to a BMJ Quality Improvement Programme product or service , your name will be available for other users for the purpose of contacting you through the service .
They will not have access to your contact information directly ( unless such information is included on a report you have written , which is published ) instead , you will be sent an invitation via your BMJ account and if you accept such invitation you may choose to communicate through these means .
As you browse our websites , we collect information about your use of the site including but not limited to traffic data and location data .
Essentially this will normally be which pages you have visited , how long you stay online and where you are located .
We will not be able to identify who you are from the information we store , but we will be able to identify where you are located - ( see point 1.7 below ) .
What else do we collect when you use one of our websites ?
Each time you use the internet , an Internet Protocol ( IP ) address is assigned to your computer or internet-capable device via the internet service provider .
This number may either be the same or different each time you access the internet .
Each time your computer or internet-capable device requests information from one of our websites , we log your IP address on our server .
We may also log operating systems and browser types for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information .
We may use this in order to gather information about the website traffic and usage .
To clarify , whether you are a registered user or not , our web server collects certain information including ( a ) IP address ; ( b ) host names ( c ) domain name ( d ) time and date information as requested ( e ) the browser version and platform when it is requested , ( f ) a record of which pages have been requested ( g ) location data from your IP address .
Location data may be necessary for us to geo-block or regionalise our website content or services .
If you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence and use it to contact you and/or to update our records .
We may use all information we obtain to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors .
This may involve using your name and subscription details on a database with other publishers ' data for detection purposes .
What else do we use personal information for ?
Other than for fulfilling our obligations to you ( where these exist ) , on some occasions we use the information you provide to produce aggregate statistics in relation to pages being accessed .
We may also use it to monitor usage patterns on our websites in order to improve navigation and design features and to help you get information more easily .
This information is provided to us as daily log files .
In order to help us develop our websites and our services , we may provide such aggregate information to third parties .
The statistics however will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual .
We may contact you to notify you about changes to our service .
We also may send you non marketing emails which includes for internal record keeping and to improve our services and/or for the purpose of inviting you to partake in surveys or market research which we conduct or which third parties are conducting .
In addition to responding to complaints or claims received or discovered referred to above or any breaches of our Website Terms and Conditions , we may use all information supplied or collected on our Websites to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorised access , use , activity and/or copying , either personally or via third party contractors and advisors and/or protect the rights , property , or personal safety other users of the websites and the public .
This may involve using any details supplied by you including your name and contact details .
How long do we keep the information we collect ?
We keep ( including via our contractors ) your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil our obligations to you and to protect our legal interests or as otherwise stated to you when such data is collected .
To whom will information be disclosed ?
Other than as expressly agreed by you or stated when data is collected or stated within this policy we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties other than :
( i ) to third parties authorised by us such as our co-owners ( where applicable ) , licensors , contractors and advisors who must keep this data confidential .
For the International Forum on Quality and Safety and certain other BMJ services , this may include transferring your data outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) including to the USA .
This may also be the case for other co-owners or licensors ;
( ii ) as required for conferences such as to venue organisers who may be outside of the EEA or where you agree with an exhibitor or sponsor to be scanned at a conference and in which case your name , work details and all contact details will be supplied to them ;
( iii ) as required to enforce our legal rights ( including property , safety , our customers or others ) ;
( iv ) fraud protection and credit risk reduction ;
( v ) where you have opted for a publication of service which allows you to select a third party to see data you submit such as mentors for BMJ Quality Improvement or another BMJ service ;
( vi ) where our company or its assets ( to which your data relates ) are to be acquired by a new company location data may be shared ;
( vii ) in the case of BMJ Learning and BMJ Portfolio only to the BMA in relation to the fact that you have signed up for access to BMJ Learning , the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;
( viii ) in the case of registered GP 's in New Zealand who are official members of the Royal New Zealand College of GP 's , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;
( ix ) in the case of registered GPs in Denmark , who are official members of the Danish Medical Association , whilst we have an agreement with them , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;
( x ) in the case of users whose access is provided by Harmoni , details of modules you have the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules ;
( xi ) in the case that you are registered with the BMJ Learning Iraq channel then we may provide your personal data , including details of your usage of the site , including the modules that you have started , completed , passed or failed and any feedback you have given in relation to the modules to the Iraq Ministry of Health ;
( xii ) to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company , the BMA ; and
( xiii ) where we have your consent to do so , to third parties for the purposes of providing marketing communications to you .
How personal information stored and protected
Your personal data is stored in our databases or those of our contractors which is only available to our web administrators and our contractors and selected authorised people on a password protected basis ( except where referred to in the final paragraph of Clause 1.3herein ) .
The data that we collect from you ( or which you supply to us by email or otherwise ) may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA who work for us or are of our suppliers .
Such staff may be engaged in among other things , hosting the fulfilment of your order , processing of your payment details and the provision of support services by submitting your personal data , you agree to this transfer , storing or process .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely by us and our contractors and in accordance with this privacy policy .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
Please do not share your password ( s ) with anyone .
We understand that the security of your information is important to you .
We also understand that our continued success as a publisher on the web relies on our ability to communicate with you in a secure manner .
We adhere to the highest standards of decency , fairness , and integrity in our operations .
We use several measures to authenticate your identity when you visit our site .
We also take steps to protect your information as it travels the internet , and to make sure all information is as secure as possible against unauthorised access and use ( for example , by hackers ) .
We review our security measures regularly .
Despite our best efforts , and the best efforts of other firms , `` perfect security '' does not exist on the internet , or anywhere else .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
You should not share your user name and password with other people .
If you think you might lose or forget these identifiers , write them down and keep each in a separate place .
Any email between you and the BMJ is not encrypted .
Data within our walls
The information we collect about people visiting the site is stored in secure environments that are not available to any other individual or party without our consent .
We have mechanisms in place to protect data .
One such mechanism is called a `` firewall . ''
A firewall is a barrier that allows only authorised traffic through .
It safeguards our computer systems and your information .
We also use system and application logs to track all access .
We review these logs periodically and investigate any anomalies or discrepancies .
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a website .
Cookies are widely used by websites to help remember small amounts of information and give you a better experience using the website .
For example , a cookie will help the website to recognise your device the next time you visit so you do n't have to log on again , they will remember what items you placed in a shopping basket or recall your preferences such as which language you want to read a site in .
Certain cookies contain a limited amount of personal information .
For example , if you click remember me when logging in , a cookie will store your username .
Most cookies wo n't collect information that identifies you , and will instead collect more general information to help us analyse how well our website is performing overall so we can try and improve it .
How we use Cookies
BMJ uses cookies on most of our websites to perform different functions .
These are grouped into four main categories :
Some essential functions of our websites are only possible if information is stored persistently between each page you look at .
For instance , if you log in to a site to access subscriber only content , we use a cookie to remember that you are logged in , so you do not have to enter your details on each page you visit .
Customisation and Personalisation Cookies
In order to allow you as an individual , or our institutional customers , to customise our products and websites , we need to remember who you are and what you want .
We use cookies to record your preferences regarding website appearance , what content you 've already read , and to present the information that is most relevant to you .
We utilise other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance .
This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise .
When we send marketing emails to users who have chosen to receive them , we use a cookie that lets us track the success of campaigns .
We may use this information to determine which of our emails are more interesting to users , or to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them .
We do n't use cookies to find out how specific individuals use our products , only to gather general statistics that can help us give you a better experience .
BMJ websites sometimes integrate with other companies ' sites .
For example , we integrate with social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook , to make it easier for you to share what you have read .
These sites place their own cookies on your browser as a result of us including their icons and like ' or share ' buttons on our sites .
Like most commercial publishers we also sell advertising space , or banner ads ' on some of our websites .
These ads are served directly from a 3rd party advertising broker .
They place cookies on your browser in order to track how many people have seen a particular ad , and for other technical reasons .
How to remove or block Cookies
Your internet browser has tools that allow you to remove or block cookies .
What will happen if I block BMJ Cookies ?
Depending on which cookies you block , the site may stop working , or certain features may stop working correctly .
If the cookies marked below as technically necessary ' are blocked , the site will probably not be usable .
The list below shows the majority of cookies on used on our sites , or set by third parties from our sites .
The list is subject to change .
_utma , _utmb , _utmc , _utmz
Performance Monitoring , Third party cookies
Google Analytics sets these cookies .
They are used for general aggregated usage statistics
APISID , SAPISID , SID , SS , SSID
This is used by the Google +1 recommendation service
This is used to handle authentication on some products
This is used to track how many people open and respond to marketing emails
This is used to indicate if you have opted out of tracking in marketing emails
Auth_token , auth_token_session , guest_id , k , pid , t1 , twll
These are used by Twitter
avr_ [ numeric sequence ]
This is used by our CDN service , Edgecast , to accelerate content delivery .
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
BIGipServercommunity.bmj.pluck.com- [ numeric sequence ]
Used by a Pluck , an online community platform we use on some sites .
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
c_user , datr ,
locale , lu , xs
Facebook uses these cookies .
We use Facebook buttons to help people share content they find interesting .
We use this to provide usage stats to institutional customers
Third Party Cookies , Performance Monitoring
Quantserve measure site traffic independently .
Web Stats and Traffic Monitoring
Demographics , HSID , LOGIN_INFO , PREF , SID , VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Youtube use these cookies .
We use YouTube to distribute videos on some of our sites .
Our websites use this to indicate if javascript is working on your browser
Some of our websites use this to store your language preference
Our websites use this to enable single sign on across our products , so you do n't have to log in on each of our sites in turn .
Technically Necessary Customisation and Personalisation
Our Java based websites use this for a wide range of technical purposes
NSC_ [ alphabetical sequence ]
Our load balancers use this cookie to help direct traffic between different back end servers
Realmedia , our advertising partner , use this cookie to serve appropriate banner ads
Used by one of our sites for session handling
Used by Pluck , and online community platform we use on some sites
Used by Lockerz , a social networking website
Used by Highwire Press , who deliver our journal sites
Please contact us if any of the data we hold about you becomes inaccurate and if you have any queries or concerns about the data we are holding about you .
Also we welcome your feedback about what you like or do n't like about our sites .
Your feedback is stored on a secure internal system that allows the appropriate person to respond to you .
Please contact us through our Contact us section .
Linking to external sites
Occasionally , you will encounter links to other sites that are not related to the BMJ .
Please be aware that once you click to one of these sites , you are subject to that site 's privacy policy and not to ours .
You may wish to review the privacy policy for each site you visit .
By submitting your information , you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy .
You should review this policy regularly , to note any changes as to how we collect and use personal information .
Thank you for reviewing this information .
If you have any questions , please send us an e-mail through our Contact us section .

What information do we collect ?
We collect information from you when you register on our site , place an order , respond to a survey or fill out a form .
When ordering or registering on our site , as appropriate , you may be asked to enter your : name , e-mail address , mailing address , phone number , credit card information , social security number or The Guardian Express Newspaper .
You may , however , visit our site anonymously .
What do we use your information for ?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways :
; To personalize your experience
( your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs )
; To improve our website
( we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you )
; To improve customer service
( your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs )
; To process transactions
Your information , whether public or private , will not be sold , exchanged , transferred , or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever , without your consent , other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested .
; To administer a contest , promotion , survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing , will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order .
How do we protect your information ?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter , submit , or access your personal information .
We offer the use of a secure server .
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems , and are required to ? keep the information confidential .
After a transaction , your private information ( credit cards , social security numbers , financials , etc . ) will not be stored on our servers .
Do we use cookies ?
Yes ( Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser ( if you allow ) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart , understand and save your preferences for future visits , keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future .
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors .
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties ?
We do not sell , trade , or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information .
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website , conducting our business , or servicing you , so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential .
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law , enforce our site policies , or protect ours or others rights , property , or safety .
However , non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing , advertising , or other uses .
Occasionally , at our discretion , we may include or offer third party products or services on our website .
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies .
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites .
Nonetheless , we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites .
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA ( Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age .
Our website , products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older .
Third Party Vendor Policies .
Mad Ads Media , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Mad Ads Media 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline .
By using our site , you consent to our websites privacy policy .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page , and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below .
This policy was last modified on 09/19/2012
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below .
1516 E. Tropicana ave
Las Vegas , Nevada 89119
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support help desk software .

Kaiser Permanente ( KP ) is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of this website and the KP Mobile Applications .
We will use and disclose the information you provide us as stated in this Privacy Statement . )
Website and mobile application privacy statement
Use and disclosure of health information includes using the information to provide treatment to the individual , to make payments for such treatment , and to conduct ongoing quality improvement activities .
Our use and disclosure of an individual 's personal information ( including health information ) is limited as required by state and federal law .
We do not sell or rent personal information about visitors to this site or customers who use the site .
This website and the KP Mobile Applications have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information under our control .
These measures include encryption of data using the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) system , and using a secured messaging service when we send you personal information electronically .
Despite these measures , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site or the KP Mobile Applications by Internet or email can not be guaranteed .
At your discretion , you may contact us at the mailing address or telephone number listed in the `` Questions , complaints , and contacts '' section at the end of this Privacy Statement .
Revisions to the Privacy Statement
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new features or as laws change that may affect our services .
If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement , we will post notice of this on our website .
Any revised Privacy Statement will apply both to information we already have about you at the time of the change , and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect .
We include a version number on this Privacy Statement consisting of the date ( year , month , and day ) it was last revised .
We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Statement , to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you .
Website and Mobile Application visitor data
Kaiser Permanente routinely gathers data on website and mobile application activity , such as how many people visit the site or mobile applications , the web pages or mobile screens they visit , where they come from , how long they stay , etc .
The data is collected on an aggregate , anonymous basis , which means that no personally identifiable information is associated with the data .
This data helps us improve our content and overall usage .
The information is not shared with other organizations for their independent use .
Data caching by mobile applications
In order to ensure a good user experience , certain data may be temporarily or permanently cached by the Mobile Applications on users ' mobile devices .
Any data that is personally identifiable will be encrypted and will not be viewable by anyone without access to the user 's User ID and Password .
Collecting and using personal information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement , we do not collect any identifiable information about visitors to this site or the KP Mobile Applications .
The policies , sources , and uses of information are outlined in Sections 1 through 13 that follow :
We maintain standard Web logs that record data about all visitors and customers who use this site or the KP Mobile Applications and we store this information for a while .
These logs may contain the Internet domain from which you access the site ( such as aol.com , abc.org , etc . ) ; the IP address which is automatically assigned to your computer when you get on the Internet ( a static IP address may be identifiable as being connected to you , while a dynamic address is usually not identifiable ) ; the type of browser and operating system you use ; the date and time you visited ; the pages or mobile screens you viewed ; and the address of the website you linked from , if any .
If you sign on to this website or the KP Mobile Application to use secured features , our Web logs will also contain an individual identifier and show the services you have accessed .
All Web logs are stored securely , and may only be accessed by Kaiser Permanente employees or designees on a need-to-know basis for a specific purpose .
Kaiser Permanente uses Web log information to help us design our site and the KP Mobile Applications , to identify popular features , to resolve user , hardware , and software problems , and to make the site and the KP Mobile Applications more useful to visitors .
We may place Internet `` cookies '' on the computer hard drives of visitors to this Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications .
Information we obtain from cookies helps us to tailor our site and the KP Mobile Applications to be more helpful and efficient for our visitors .
The cookie consists of a unique identifier that does not contain information about you or your health history .
We use two types of cookies , `` session '' cookies and `` persistent '' cookies .
A session cookie is temporary , and expires after you end a session and close your web browser or the KP Mobile Application browser .
We use session cookies to help customize your experience on our site , maintain your signed-on status as you navigate through our features , and to track your `` click path '' through our Web pages or mobile screens .
Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after you 've exited from our website , and we use them for several reasons .
For instance , when you give us permission to `` remember '' a feature about you when asked by the website , such as your Kaiser Permanente region , we place a persistent cookie on your hard drive so that the next time you visit us , we wo n't have to ask you that information again .
If you 've given us permission to email you with information about your Kaiser Permanente benefits , or for other reasons , we may place a persistent cookie on your hard drive that will let us know when you come back to visit our site .
We sometimes use this type of persistent cookie with a `` Web beacon '' ( see below ) .
Persistent cookies will not contain any personal information about you such as a Kaiser Permanente Health/Medical Record number .
You may have software on your computer that will allow you to decline or deactivate Internet cookies , but if you do so , some features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications may not work properly for you .
For instructions on how to remove cookies from your hard drive , go to your browser 's website for detailed instructions .
In addition , further information regarding cookies may be available on other websites or from your Internet service provider .
Safari , Chrome , Firefox , Internet Explorer and iOS browsers are commonly used browsers .
We may also occasionally use `` Web beacons '' ( also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` Web bugs , '' `` 1-pixel gifs , '' etc . ) that allow us to collect non-personal information about your response to our email communications , and for other purposes .
Web beacons are tiny images , placed on a Web page or email , that can tell us if you 've gone to a particular area on our website .
For example , if you 've given us permission to send you emails , we may send you an email urging you to use a certain feature on our website .
If you do respond to that email and use that feature , the Web beacon will tell us that our email communication with you has been successful .
We do not collect any personal health information with a Web beacon , and do not link Web beacons with any other personal health information you 've given us .
Since Web beacons are used in conjunction with persistent cookies ( described above ) , if you set your browser to decline or deactivate cookies , Web beacons can not function .
Kaiser Permanente uses a third-party vendor to help us manage some of our email communications with you .
While we do supply this vendor with email addresses of those we wish them to contact , your email address is never used for any purpose other than to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you click on a link in an email , you may temporarily be redirected through one of the vendor 's servers ( although this process will be invisible to you ) which will register that you 've clicked on that link , and have visited our website or KP Mobile Application .
Kaiser Permanente never shares any information , other than your email address , with our third-party email vendor , which does not share these email addresses with anyone else .
Even if you have given us permission to send emails to you , you may revoke that permission at any time by following the `` unsubscribe '' information at the bottom of the email .
We will periodically ask users to complete surveys asking about their experiences with features of the website or the KP Mobile Applications .
Our surveys ask visitors for demographic information such as age , gender , and education , but will not request that users provide specific information about any medical condition .
We use survey information for research and quality improvement purposes , including helping Kaiser Permanente to improve information and services offered through the website and the KP Mobile Applications .
In addition , users giving feedback may be individually contacted for follow-up due to concerns raised during the course of such evaluation .
Demographic information and Web log data may be stored for future research and evaluation .
Application for Kaiser Permanente membership
If you apply for Kaiser Permanente membership through this website or a KP Mobile Application , you will be asked during the application process to disclose certain personal information so that we can evaluate your eligibility .
Specifically , you will be asked to provide demographic information ( name , address , other contact information and age ) , answer questions regarding your medical history and current health status , and verify the truthfulness of your answers .
Comments or questions sent to us using email or secure messaging forms will be shared with Kaiser Permanente staff and health care professionals who are most able to address your concerns .
We will archive your messages once we have made our best effort to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response .
Some of our services such as our automated appointment selection and prescription refill services interact directly with other Kaiser Permanente data systems .
Data about your transaction may be stored in these systems , and available to people who test and support these systems .
When you use a service on the secure section of this website or the KP Mobile Applications to interact directly with Kaiser Permanente health care professionals , some information you provide may be documented in your medical record , and available for use to guide your treatment as a patient .
If you provide us with your credit card number for pharmacy prescriptions or other payments , we will treat your credit card number in a secure manner .
Data integrity and correction
Requests to view and correct personal information from this website or the KP Mobile Applications that is documented in your medical record may be submitted using the contact information in the `` Questions , complaints , and contacts '' section below .
We do not knowingly allow Kaiser Permanente members under the age of 13 to create accounts that allow access to the secured features of this site or the KP Mobile Applications .
We may disclose personal information to any person performing audit , legal , operational , or other services for us .
We will use information which does not identify the individual for these activities whenever feasible .
Information disclosed to vendors or contractors for operational purposes may not be re-disclosed to others by such a vendor or contractor .
We may disclose personal information when required to do so by a subpoena , court order , or search warrant .
We may disclose personal information as we deem it appropriate to protect the safety of an individual or for an investigation related to public safety or to report an activity that appears to be in violation of law .
We may disclose personal information to protect the security and reliability of this site and the KP Mobile Applications , and to take precautions against liability .
If a user makes a request to receive information in an ongoing manner through this website or a KP Mobile Application by providing their email address ( for example , requesting a subscription to one of our online publications ) , a user may make a request to discontinue future mailings .
Similarly , if you receive information about a Kaiser Permanente service through email , you may make a request to discontinue receiving similar messages in the future .
All such materials sent to you by email will contain information about how to opt out .
Also , if as a member you register to use protected features on our website or the KP Mobile Applications , you may be given an opportunity to receive emails about different types of Kaiser Permanente products , services , announcements , and updates .
On our website , you may change your preferences by clicking `` my profile '' at the top right of each page , then choosing `` communication preferences '' on the left .
Other requests to limit use and disclosure of your personal information
State and federal laws may allow you to request that we limit our uses and disclosures of your personal information for treatment , payment , and health care operations purposes .
However , by law , we do not have to agree to your request .
It is our policy not to agree to requests for restrictions beyond what is described in the `` Opt out '' section above .
Questions , complaints , and contacts
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , our policies and practices concerning this site or the KP Mobile Applications , your rights under this statement , and your dealings with the Kaiser Permanente website or the KP Mobile Applications , you can contact Kaiser Permanente by telephone at 1-800-556-7677 ( toll free ) , by sending a message to the Kaiser Permanente Web manager , or by U.S. mail at the address below :
Kaiser Permanente Internet Services Group
5820 Owens Drive , Building E-2 , Pleasanton , CA 94588
Last revised December 12 .

This NIKE Digital Privacy Policy ( USA ) ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means .
By accessing or using this website , mobile application or other NIKE product or service on any computer , mobile phone , tablet , console or other device ( collectively , `` Device '' ) , you consent to our Privacy Policy .
NIKE may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting .
Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into , and is subject to , the Terms of Use .
While this Privacy Policy is intended to generally describe our privacy practices , our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it 's most meaningful to you .
Please look for these notices within our NIKE services .
What You Give Us
We collect information you give us or permit us to access .
Information may include , but is not limited to , your name , image , birth date , email and physical address , telephone number , gender , contact lists , social media information and profile , location ( GPS ) information , activity and performance information , and when necessary , credit card information .
What We Collect From You
We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with , and use of , our products and services .
Information we may collect includes , but is not limited to , your telephone number , Device identifier and hardware information , IP address , browser type and language , cookie information , system type , whether you have enabling software to access certain features , access times , referring website URLs , information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us .
What We Collect From other NIKE Interactions and Third Parties
We may combine information you give us with other information from NIKE sources , transactions and communications .
This may include , but is not limited to , information from NIKE stores , direct mail , catalogs , events , products and applications , or other NIKE interactions .
We may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and data from third parties .
We also collect information about gift recipients provided by the giver .
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 .
We may use your information to do the following :
Enhance , customize and personalize your NIKE experiences and communications
Use NIKE features , such as running routes , race registrations , placing an order and other activities
Operate , Improve and Analyze
Operate , provide , improve and maintain NIKE 's products and services , including analyzing user behavior and trends
Send you administrative messages and other information about NIKE .
Communicate with you about your purchase , account information or customer service
Provide and Conduct Marketing and Promotions
Communicate with you about our products , services and events , and for other promotional purposes
Administer contests , promotions , events , surveys or other features
Display relevant marketing to you
We may transfer your information to NIKE Family service providers to conduct our business .
For example , they may handle credit card processing , shipping , data management , email distribution , market research , information analysis , and promotions management .
We may also share your information to administer features ( e.g . music download , race registration , or workout routine ) .
By Law or to Protect Rights
We may disclose information upon governmental request , in response to a court order , when required by law , to enforce our policies , or to protect our or others ' rights , property or safety .
We may share information to prevent illegal uses of NIKE 's products and services or violations of the Terms of Use , or to defend ourselves against third-party claims .
We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation .
Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of NIKE .
If this should happen , notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication .
When you join or use certain services , you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information , which may include your username , city location , and profile picture .
You may choose to share certain information .
In order to participate in certain features , you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information .
You may also choose to share your activity on other platforms , such as Facebook and Twitter .
Please read the privacy policies of those platforms , because your NIKE activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by NIKE 's Privacy Policy .
Information that is publicly shared may be used by Nike for promotional purposes .
We use a variety of security measures , including encryption and authentication tools , to help protect your information .
We use secure servers when you place orders .
All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted within our databases .
However , like other companies , NIKE can not guarantee 100 % the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us .
How We Collect Information
NIKE automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device .
We use a variety of methods to collect this information , including , but not limited to , cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ( `` Collection Tools '' ) .
If you turn off certain Collection Tools , you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly .
However , you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1-800-806-6453 .
We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet .
These companies may collect information about your interaction with us , including advertising .
If you would like to opt-out of 3rd party tracking technologies associated with our website , please click here .
Note that if you opt-out from these third party tracking technologies , you may still see our ads at other websites , but the ads will not be tailored using third party tracking technologies associated with our website .
Modifying or Deleting Your Information
You can modify or delete your profile within certain NIKE services , through your account .
Your information previously posted may still be publicly viewable .
NIKE may keep information and content in our backup files and archives .
Regardless of the settings you select , NIKE may send you service-related communications .
To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages , please change your settings or follow the instructions in the email , text message , notification or other message type .
If you have unsubscribed from any NIKE communications , due to production schedules , you may receive communications already in production .
Our digital operations are conducted , in whole or in part , in the United States .
Regardless of where you live , you consent to have your personal data transferred , processed and stored in the United States , and allow NIKE to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your use of our products and services , and any disputes arising from them , is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use .
Please visit our Terms of Use , which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services .
For questions or concerns , please contact Consumer Services/Privacy at : 1-800-806-6453 or NIKE Consumer Services/Privacy , One Bowerman Drive , Beaverton , OR 97005 .

This Privacy Policy describes the way in which bet365 ( otherwise referred to herein as `` we '' or `` us '' ) deal with the information and data you provide to us to enable us to manage your relationship with bet365 .
We will process any personal information provided to us ( whether via the bet365 website ( the `` Website '' ) , the customer application form or any other means ) or otherwise held by us relating to you in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy .
By submitting your information to us and using the Website you confirm your consent to the use of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy please do not use the Website or otherwise provide us with your personal information .
Information Collected and How It Is Used
The information and data about you which we may collect , use and process includes the following :
information that you provide to us by filling in forms on the Website or any other information you submit to us via the Website or email ;
records of correspondence , whether via the Website , email , telephone or other means ;
your responses to surveys or customer research that we carry out ;
details of the transactions you carry out with us , whether via the Website , telephone or other means ; and
details of your visits to the Website including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data .
We may use your personal information and data together with other information for the purposes of :
processing your bets , including card and on-line payments ;
setting up , operating and managing your account ;
complying with our legal and regulatory duties ;
building up personal profiles ;
carrying out customer research , surveys and analyses ;
providing you with information about promotional offers and our products and services , where you have consented ; and
monitoring transactions for the purposes of preventing fraud , irregular betting , money laundering and cheating .
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is kept secure and protected .
We will only disclose personal information to other companies within associated or subsidiary companies and to business partners , successors in title to our business and suppliers that are engaged to process such information on our behalf .
If you apply for an account with us then to help us make credit decisions about you , to prevent fraud , to check your age and identity and to prevent money laundering , we may use third parties including credit reference agencies who will record any searches on your file .
We may also make enquiries of , and disclose details of how you conduct your account to , such agencies , security organisations and any other relevant third parties for fraud and money laundering prevention .
Telephone calls to and from our Customer Contact Centre are recorded for training and security purposes along with the resolution of any queries arising from the service you receive .
We may use cookies as a means of collecting information from a web server for the above purposes following a customer 's use of the Website .
If you register with us or if you continue to use the Website you agree to our use of cookies .
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer 's hard drive .
They help us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service .
Some of the cookies we use are essential for the Website to operate .
If you want to delete any cookies already stored on your computer or stop the cookies that keep track of your browsing patterns on the Website you can do so by deleting your existing cookies and/or altering your browser 's privacy settings to block cookies ( the process you follow will differ from browser to browser ) .
Please note that deleting our cookies or disabling our future cookies means that you may not be able to access certain areas or features of the Website .
Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
Some of the data processors engaged to process personal data may be based outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Therefore , by browsing the Website and communicating electronically with us , you acknowledge and agree to our ( or our suppliers or sub-contractors ) processing your personal data outside the EEA .
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your information and data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We are entitled to share the information we hold on you which includes personal data and betting history with the regulator , sporting bodies and other bodies , including the police , in order to investigate fraud , money laundering or sports integrity issues and to comply with our regulatory duties to the UK Gambling Commission or the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority .
In order to comply with bet365 's legal and regulatory requirements and bet365 's own internal risk management procedures , we will retain information for a period of time ( generally not more than six years ) after closure of your account .
All such information will be held in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You are entitled to access the information held about you .
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Any access request may be subject to a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and any such changes will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
If we make any material or substantial changes to this Privacy Policy we will use reasonable endeavours to inform you by email , notice on the Website or other agreed communications channels .
Last updated 23/11/2011 .

Financial Times privacy policy
High quality global journalism requires investment .
Please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article .
See our Ts & Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail .
Financial Times privacy policy
Financial Times group takes the privacy of its users seriously .
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service .
This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Financial Times businesses .
Our sites contain links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy .
We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit .
Personal information is collected by the FT companies listed below on behalf of the Financial Times group of companies and its trading entities ( including FDI Intelligence and Exec-Appointments ) .
Each of these FT companies are registered with the UK 's Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
References in this privacy policy to FT , we , us , our or similar refer to the FT group company operating the relevant website and references to FT sites refer to any of our websites from which you have accessed this privacy policy .
Company : The Financial Times Ltd
Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Data Protection Registration Number : Z7087146
Company : FT Personal Finance Ltd
Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Data Protection Registration Number : Z7670392
Company : The Financial Times ( M-M UK ) Limited , trading as Money-Media or Ignites Europe
Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL
Data Protection Registration Number : ZVK463
We collect personally identifiable information about you ( your Data ) through :
the use of enquiry and registration forms
your purchase of any our products or services
the provision of your details to us either online or offline .
The elements of your Data that we collect may include :
Company address , phone and fax number
Home address and phone number
Payment details such as credit card information
Educational history , work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us
Market research data such as readership patterns
We may also collect information that we request from you regarding your use of our service or that we collect automatically about your visit to our sites .
Please see our Cookies Policy for more details .
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use your Data for purposes which may include :
providing our users with a personalised service
processing orders , registrations and enquiries
conducting market research surveys
allowing users to participate in interactive features of our service , where they choose to do so
providing reports to our Clients containing information about usage under corporate licenses
running competitions , prize draws and promotions
providing you with information about products and services we offer ( if you agree to receive such information )
sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you ( if you agree to receive such information )
contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites .
monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions and Copyright Policy
See our Cookies Policy for more details .
If you wish to receive information about FT group products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they offer , please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data .
We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf , successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law .
We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our sites .
We also use information in aggregate form ( so that no individual user is identified by name ) :
to build up marketing profiles
to aid strategic development
to manage our relationship with advertisers
to audit usage of the site .
We use technology on the registration , subscription and manage my account pages of some of our websites , which may record user movements , including page scrolling , mouse clicks and text entered .
It will not record financial information such as credit or debit card details .
The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues , to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes .
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Devices
Please refer to our Cookies Policy .
Financial Times businesses have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users ' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss .
User Data may be transferred outside the FT group to data processors such as fulfilment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required .
The Internet is a global environment .
Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
Therefore , by browsing the FT sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way .
By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered ( as detailed above ) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area .
User Access and Control of Data
Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes .
Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com and Non-execs.com
If you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you or update your marketing preferences , please sign into your account below and go to your personal profile or phone +44 ( 0 ) 207 873 4909 .
If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please visit the Preferences or Contact Us section of our website or phone UK +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6668 or US +1 212 542 1245 .
Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes .
Company Secretary The Financial Times Ltd Number One Southwark Bridge London SE1 9HL United Kingdom
We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information .
We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age .
We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained .
Changes to this Policy
This policy is effective from 22nd May 2012 .
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation , best practice or website enhancements.enhancements .

Article last updated on 19-Oct-13
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail , aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit , and information volunteered by the consumer ( such as survey information and/or site registrations ) .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service , and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes , except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if GitHub is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , GitHub will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for GitHub we ask for information such as your name , email address , billing address , credit card information .
Members who sign up for the free account are not required to enter a credit card .
GitHub uses collected information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , billing , identification and authentication , services improvement , contact , and research .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are required to use the GitHub service .
We use cookies to record current session information , but do not use permanent cookies .
You are required to re-login to your GitHub account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents .
GitHub uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware , software , networking , storage , and related technology required to run GitHub .
Although GitHub owns the code , databases , and all rights to the GitHub application , you retain all rights to your data .
GitHub may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances , such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service .
EU and Swiss Safe Harbor
If you choose to provide GitHub with your information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
For complaints that can not be resolved , and consistent with the Safe Harbor Enforcement Principle , we have committed to cooperate with data protection authorities located within Switzerland or the European Union ( or their authorized representatives ) .
GitHub may periodically update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your GitHub primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .

SolutionOn August 26 , 2011 , the Kijiji Privacy Policy was updated .
Please take a few minutes and review the revised policy .
If you have any questions , please contact us .
If you do not accept this revised policy , Kijiji may not be able to provide you with our service .
Accordingly , you may close your account here .
This privacy policy describes how the Kijiji website , tools , applications , and services ( *Kijiji* ) handle your personal information .
Kijiji collects , uses , and shares personal information to help Kijiji work and to keep Kijiji safe ( details below ) .
This policy is effective August 26 , 2011 .
To view the previous policy , click here .
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy , eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules ( also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules ) , approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc. to adequately protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides , and depending upon your location , may provide additional privacy rights through your privacy regulator or a court .
If you would like additional information regarding the Corporate Rules contact us via the contact details below .
Information posted on Kijiji is obviously publicly available .
Our servers are located in the United States , European Union and elsewhere in the world where Kijiji has facilities .
Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to Kijiji 's collection , use , disclosure of your personal information and to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers in the United States , the European Union , and elsewhere in the world where Kijiji has facilities .
Kijiji collects and stores the following personal information :
email address , phone numbers , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ( including credit card and billing information ) ;
computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from Kijiji and ad data ( all through cookies - you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;
other information , including users IP address and standard web log information .
Kijiji uses users ' personal information to :
provide our services ;
track , confirm and fulfill purchases ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ;
customize , measure , and improve user experience and our services , content , and advertising ;
deliver targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers to you according to your preferences ;
do other things for users as described when Kijiji collects the information .
Kijiji does n't sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without users explicit consent .
Kijiji may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Kijiji may also share personal information with :
corporate affiliates who help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services .
( Our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to ) .
service providers who help with our business operations .
third-party websites and publishers so ads ( or the content of the ads ) published on Kijiji can also be published on a broader array of venues or information vehicles .
Kijiji Daily Deal merchants who require information on the Kijiji Daily Deals customers who purchased their offer so that the offer can be fulfilled .
In such cases , the Kijiji Daily Deal Merchants are only permitted to use this information for Kijiji Daily Deal transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages .
Communications and email tools
You agree to receive marketing communications from us unless you tell us that you prefer not to receive such communications .
If you do n't wish to receive marketing communications from us , simply indicate your preference by following directions provided with the communication .
You may not use our site or communication tools to harvest addresses , send spam or otherwise breach our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
Kijiji may automatically scan and manually filter messages sent via our communication tools for malicious activity or prohibited content , but Kijiji does not permanently store such messages .
Kijiji Canada reserves the right to delay replies in cases of suspected fraudulent activity or violations of the Kijiji Terms of Use and/or to refuse to transmit messages .
If you use our tools to send content to a friend , Kijiji does n't permanently store your friends ' addresses or use or disclose them for marketing purposes .
To report spam from other users , please contact customer support .
Access , Modification , and Deletion
You can see , modify or erase most of your personal information by reviewing and modifying your posting or account status page , by signing on to My Kijiji or by contacting customer support to review any personal information Kijiji stores that is not available on Kijiji .
There may a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law .
Kijiji deletes personal information when Kijiji no longer needs it for the purposes we described earlier .
Kijiji retains personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back .
If you have further questions , you can write to the Data Controller :
Marktplaats BV - Privacy Policy Requests
Wibautstraat 224-2 , 1097 DN
Amsterdam , The Netherlands
or you may contact customer support .
Transfer of Personal Data to Other eBay Companies
We may share your information with members of the eBay Inc. corporate family - like eBay or PayPal - to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you 've requested their services .
Kijiji uses lots of tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure , but as you probably know , nothing 's perfect , so Kijiji makes no guarantees .
Kijiji or our service providers may use `` cookies '' ( small files placed on your hard drive ) on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow ; customize our services , content and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
A few important things you should know about cookies are that :
Kijiji offers certain features that are available only through the use of cookies .
Kijiji uses cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status .
You are always free to decline cookies if your browser permits , although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services .
For more information on your choices about accepting cookies , consult your browser help function .
Kijiji sometimes works with service providers who may place cookies on your computer to serve and measure the effectiveness of ads on our or our advertising partners ' behalf and collect anonymous information about how you use websites owned by Kijiji and its affiliates .
This information allows them to help us customize our content and advertising .
Kijiji does not allow these companies to collect any personal information about you using these cookies .
For more information about why Kijiji uses cookies , see Cookie , Web Beacons , and Your Privacy .
Kijiji may update this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next use the site or after 30 days , whichever is sooner .
If Kijiji or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , Kijiji may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply .
Send questions about this policy to customer support .

Last Updated 03 October 2011
Please read the policy below carefully before using the Websites .
By using or registering on the Websites you accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy .
If you do not accept these terms , do not use the Websites .
This privacy policy , together with our general terms of use available here , sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you ( including your name , email address or other details ) ( the `` Information '' ) or that you provide to us , will be processed by us .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Information .
Ladbrokes is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to its Websites .
We are committed to ensuring that all services and activities made available via our Websites are provided in a safe and secure online environment .
Information we may collect from you
Use of your information
Changes to our policy
Accuracy and access to Information
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following Information about you :
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites .
This includes Information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites , subscribing to any of our services , posting material or requesting further services .
We may also ask you for Information when you enter a competition or promotion , make a Customer Support enquiry or complaint or when you report a problem with our Websites ;
records of correspondence , if you contact us ;
your responses to any surveys we conduct for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to such surveys ;
details of bets , gaming , payments and other transactions that you conduct on our Websites and details of the fulfilment of your orders ;
details of your visits to our Websites including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data , whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise , and the web pages and resources that you access ; and
information and communication on forums on the Websites , for example , chat rooms and message boards ( where applicable ) .
You acknowledge that the information provided by you may amount to personal or sensitive data under the Data Protection Act 1998 and you give your consent to your data being processed as set out in this policy .
Use of your information
2.1 We may collect and process Information , including sharing the Information with our third party data processors who process your Information on our behalf , including for the purposes of :
setting up , re-activating , operating and managing your Ladbrokes account , including providing the services that you request from us ;
building up personal profiles of our customers ;
providing you with information about promotional offers .
If you do not wish to receive information about promotional offers and future events organised by us , please make sure that you click on the appropriate `` opt out option '' box on the account registration form .
All our marketing and promotional activities will be in compliance with relevant law , including the Communications ( Personal Data & Privacy ) Regulations 2006 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 ;
verifying the accuracy of the Information collected from you , including disclosing your Information to third parties ( such as financial institutions , credit reporting agencies and age verification agencies ) in connection with such verification ;
preventing fraud , cheating and money laundering , ensuring compliance with our terms of use , reducing credit risk and protecting sports/games integrity , which may require us to disclose your Information and betting and gaming history to third parties such as the relevant regulator , gaming bodies , sporting bodies , financial institutions , agencies responsible for verifying age , the police and credit reporting agencies ;
complying with our legal and regulatory duties and responsibilities to the relevant licensing and regulatory authorities as well as all duties and responsibilities owed under any other applicable legislation and to any other applicable regulators in other jurisdictions ;
enforcing or applying our terms of use ( Please refer to our Website Terms and Conditions article . )
and other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of Ladbrokes , our customers , or others ;
processing card and on-line payments in connection with our services ( including our Affiliate Program ) ;
conducting data cleansing , verification and enhancement exercises , ( for example , verifying your Information against third party databases relating to 'movers ' , 'goneaways ' and recent deaths ) ;
any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you ; and
undertaking research , conducting surveys , research analyses and obtaining feedback from customers .
2.2 Using the internet to collect and process Information necessarily involves the transmission of Information on an international basis .
Some third party processors we engage to process Information on our behalf may be based outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) .
Therefore , by browsing our Websites and communicating electronically with us , you acknowledge and agree to the transmission and processing of your Information outside the EEA in this way .
Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws .
However , we will always take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is used by third party processors securely and in accordance with this policy .
2.3 Except where we engage third parties to process your Information on our behalf for the purposes listed in paragraph 2.1 above , we will not disclose or sell your Information outside Ladbrokes ' corporate group , except in connection with a joint venture or the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Ladbrokes ' business .
Unless required to do so by law , we will not otherwise share , sell or distribute any of the Information you provide to us without your consent .
All bets , gaming and account transactions are recorded on our computer system .
We also carry out routine monitoring of all transactions as they take place to assist us in improving the service that we provide to you .
Your telephone conversations either to place a bet or a Customer Support call - may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management , and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries .
5.1 A 'cookie ' is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website or use applications .
The cookie enables the server to collect information from the browser .
5.2 We use the cookies on our Websites for a number of purposes , including :
to authenticate and identify you on our Websites and applications so we can provide you with the services you request ;
to allow you to login to the Websites and to check that your computer is still logged in to the same session while you browse from page to page .
While placing bets , Information will be temporarily stored in a cookie until the transaction has been completed .
This enables you to get the most out of our products and services .
Further , various other settings , such as the language and odds display that you have selected , are stored in cookies for a longer duration so that when you return to the Websites as many of these settings as possible remain the same ;
to automatically collect Information about bets and account transactions carried out on our Websites ;
for analytical ' purposes such as to keep track of user/customer browsing patterns on the Websites and to build up a profile for a customised browser experience for you .
We currently use Google Analytics , a popular web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use our Websites .
We also use analytical cookies from additional third party providers ;
to deliver adverts and information more relevant to you and your interests and also to help measure the effectiveness of Ladbrokes ' advertising campaigns ; and
to compile reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage .
We may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Ladbrokes ' behalf .
5.3 We use flash , session and persistent cookies on our Websites and applications .
Flash cookies are small pieces of information stored and accessed by Adobe Flash , the browser plug-in used by sites .
Session cookies are used by the server to store information about user page activities so users can easily pick up where they left off on the server 's pages .
Persistent cookies enable a website to remember you on subsequent visits , speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions required .
5.4 You can stop the 'tracking ' cookies by altering your browser 's privacy setting to block third party cookies ( the process you follow will differ from browser to browser ) .
However , please note that if you do refuse the use of cookies , you may not be able to use the full functionality of Ladbrokes ' Websites for example , a cookie is needed to remember ' your bet selection when it is transferred to the bet slip .
Further , if you set the privacy settings on too high a status , this may cause problems when you next log in to use the Websites .
6.1 We employ security measures to protect your Information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing , accidental loss , destruction and damage .
Protection of your Information , including your registration details and any debit or credit card information you provide to us , is a priority for us .
Data on our secure pages is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( `` SSL '' ) technology .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Websites , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
6.2 Any personal information which identifies you will be encrypted at all times whilst in transit over the internet .
SSL is special protocol that automatically encrypts any information sent by you on our secure pages .
Our server then reads the information using a private key .
This means that your Information , be it debit or credit card information or any other personal details , is turned into a code that can only be decoded with the private key or password .
If your browser is suitably configured , you will receive a warning message when you first access any secure page on the Website .
This is simply information to advise you that the Website is protecting your Information .
6.3 Unfortunately , the transmission of Information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although Ladbrokes will do its best to protect your Information as described in paragraph 6.2 above , it can not guarantee the security of any Information that you disclose online .
You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent .
For your own privacy protection , we encourage you not to include sensitive Information ( such as credit/debit card numbers ) in any emails you may send to us .
6.4 Our Websites may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies/website terms of use and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check such policies before you submit any Information to them .
It is our policy to retain and make available financial information for a period of 7 years .
Other Information will be retained for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in paragraph 2.1 unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the privacy of Information is maintained on disposal .
Changes to our policy
We may modify this policy from time to time .
Any changes to our policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Websites .
Accuracy and access to Information
9.1 We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any Information that we collect from you is accurate and has been verified .
9.2 You are entitled to see the Information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
We are entitled by law to make a small administrative charge for providing such Information .
9.3 All comments , queries and requests relating to our use of your Information are welcome and should be made in writing or by telephone via the Contact Us section on the Websites
Issue Date : 30 October 2009
Website Terms and Conditions
Site Usage - Poker
Did we get it right ?

What is the website 's privacy policy ?
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
Marks & Spencer is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to its website .
It provides you with details about the types of personal data that we collect from you , how we use your personal data and the rights you have to control our use of your personal data .
You must read this privacy policy carefully and we recommend that you print and retain a copy for your future reference .
By accessing , browsing or otherwise using this Website , you confirm that you have read , understood and agree to this privacy policy in its entirety .
If you do not agree to this privacy policy in its entirety , you must not use this Website .
The personal data we collect about you
How we may store and use your information
Email newsletter preferences and text alerts
Targeted updates and marketing
M & S Home Insulation and Solar System
Internet Shopping Is Safe Accredited Retailer
Updates to this policy
Marks and Spencer plc is a company registered in England and Wales ( registration number 00214436 ) whose registered office is at Waterside House , 35 North Wharf Road , London W2 1NW .
Marks and Spencer plc is part of the Marks & Spencer group of companies ( collectively referred to as `` Marks & Spencer '' , `` we '' or `` us '' in this privacy policy ) and is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner 's Office ( registration number Z6046528 ) .
We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal data you provide to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 and other applicable privacy laws .
If you have any questions about how we collect , store and use personal data , or if you have any other privacy-related questions , please contact us by any of the following means :
phone us on : 0845 302 1234 ;
write to us at : Marks & Spencer , Retail Customer Services , Chester Business Park , Wrexham Road , Chester CH4 9GA
When contacting us , please remember to quote your name and contact details along with any Marks & Spencer account number or correspondence reference you may have .
We do not and will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised person under the age of 18 .
If you are under the age of 18 , you must not use this Website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of , and are supervised by , a parent or guardian .
The personal data we collect about you
When you make purchases from Marks & Spencer ( including purchases made in-store , over the phone , or via our catalogue order forms or this Website ) we may collect the following personal data about you :
your name , age and sex ;
your billing and delivery postal addresses , phone , fax and e-mail details ;
where you have registered with us , your user name and password ;
where you place an order with us , your payment card details ;
your communication and shopping preferences ;
your browsing and online shopping activities ; and
your date of birth .
We may also collect some or all of the above personal data about you when you access and browse this Website or any third party microsite ( as described below ) , including when you sign up to receive Marks & Spencer newsletters .
We may also collect some or all of this personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to us .
How we may store and use your information
Marks & Spencer ( and third party data processors acting on our behalf ) may collect , store and process your personal data :
to make this Website available to you and to provide you with content which is tailored to your individual tastes ;
to maintain any registered account that you hold with us ( including pledge accounts created under the `` Plan A '' section of our Website ) ;
with your agreement , to contact you ( including by SMS and e-mail ) about promotional offers and products and services which we think may interest you and for customer satisfaction and market research purposes ;
to provide our goods and services to you and for associate purposes , including verifying your identity ;
for research , analysis , testing , monitoring , risk management and administrative purposes ; and
for any related purposes , or where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information ( including for crime and fraud preventation and related purposes ) .
We also process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through this Website and , in certain instances , disclose your personal data to third party credit reference agencies to perform credit checks against you .
When you place an order with us , we may offer to retain your payment card details for your convenience to save you having to re-enter these details on a future occasion .
However , if you prefer that we do not maintain these details , you can go to 'My Account ' , click on Edit or delete a credit card ' and delete any card information that we hold about you .
In addition , we may collect anonymised details about visitors to our Website for the purposes of aggregate statistics or reporting purposes .
However , no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details that we collect for these purposes .
Except as set out in this privacy policy , we will not disclose , sell or rent your personal data to any third party .
If you do consent but later change your mind , you may contact us and we will cease any such activity .
In the event that a third party acquires all or part of our business and/or assets , we may disclose your personal data to that third party in connection with the acquisition .
Furthermore , we reserve the right to disclose your personal data to third parties as part of any business or asset sale carried out because Marks & Spencer has gone into insolvency or any similar situation , but only where lawful and compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We may also disclose your personal data where necessary to comply with applicable law or an order of a governmental or law enforcement body .
Marks & Spencer has partnered with certain trusted third parties to make available certain additional third party products and services to you , including :
M & S Money ( under partnering arrangements with Marks and Spencer Financial Services plc , a member of the HSBC Group ) accessible by clicking here
M & S Appliances ( under partnering arrangements with DRL Limited ) accessible by clicking here
M & S Energy ( under partnering arrangements with SSE Energy Supply Limited ) accessible by clicking here
M & S lunchtogo ( under partnering arrangements with EWA Ltd ) accessible by clicking here
M & S Made-to-Measure Shirts ( under partnering arrangements with Bivolino ) accessible by clicking here
M & S Personalised ( under partnering arrangements with Hallmark Cards PLC ) accessible by clicking here
M & S Health & Nutrition ( under partnering arrangements with 9XB ) accessible by clicking here
Marks & Spencer Recycling ( under partnering arrangements with SHP Limited ) accessible by clicking here
Each of these third party products and services can be accessed online through the relevant third party 's `` microsite '' .
A microsite is a website that is owned and operated by a third party but which is M & S-branded and can be accessed from links on the main M & S Website .
Alternatively , you can visit a microsite by clicking on the links above .
Please note that , although M & S 's third party partners display M & S branding on their respective microsites , M & S does not own or operate any microsite and each microsite is governed by its own terms and conditions and privacy policy .
Personal data that you provide or which are collected about you through a microsite will be used by the relevant third party in accordance with that microsite 's terms and conditions and privacy policy .
In some cases , third party microsite operators may disclose your personal data to us so that we may use them in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions or concerns about the collection or use of your personal data collected through any microsite , you should contact the relevant third party microsite operator using the contact information specified in their privacy policy .
E-mail newsletter preferences and text alerts
We provide you with the ability to control whether or not to receive e-mail newsletters .
To unsubscribe from an email newsletter , please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email newsletter you have received from M & S .
To stop text alerts , please follow the stop instructions at the bottom of any text alert you have received from M & S .
If you browse this Website you may receive personalised banner advertisements whilst browsing other reputable websites .
We are committed to providing you with information on products and offers which are relevant to you .
Any banner advertisements you receive will relate to products which have been viewed whilst browsing this Website on your computer or other device .
This service is provided by M & S via a reputable third party specialist provider , through the use of cookies ' placed on your computer or other device ( see further information on the use of cookies in the section below ) .
Cookies can be removed or disabled altogether - see below for further information .
Targeted updates and marketing
If you have agreed that we can contact you for marketing purposes we may send you emails and other communications relating to products and services which we think will be of interest and relevance to you as an individual .
We do this by monitoring the browsing and online shopping habits of customers and providing them with information on products they have viewed and related products .
We may transfer personal data that we collect from you to third party data processors located in countries that are outside of the European Economic Area and to other Marks & Spencer group companies in connection with the above purposes .
Please be aware that countries which are outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of data protection as the United Kingdom , although our collection , storage and use of your personal data will continue to be governed by this privacy policy .
What are cookies ?
This website uses cookies to collect information .
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device ( such as smart phones or tablets ' ) as you browse this website .
They are used to remember ' when your computer or device accesses this website .
The cookies are essential to the effective operation of our website and to enable to you shop with us online .
Cookies are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to our customers , both on this website and elsewhere .
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access this website via the same computer or device .
This includes information about pages viewed , products purchased and the customer journey around a website .
We do not , however , use cookies to collect or record information on users ' name , address or other contact details .
M & S is able to use cookies to monitor individual customer browsing and purchasing behaviour but third parties are not able to identify customers using cookies .
Who sets the cookies ?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access this website are set by M & S , our suppliers who partner with us to help deliver a high quality website and on-line shopping experience , and other third parties .
Some cookies are set by or on behalf of M & S and are necessary to enable customers to a make purchases on our website .
Cookies may also be set by third parties who participate with us in affiliate marketing programmes .
The most important such third parties are Criteo , Transversal and Rich Relevance who broadcast banner advertisements on behalf of M & S and a number of other reputable companies .
None of these third parties collect any personal data from which they would be able to identify individual customers .
What are cookies used for ?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are : -
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of website , particularly in relation to on-line transactions .
To drive M & S marketing , particularly banner advertisements and targeted updates which are explained in more detail elsewhere in the Privacy Policy .
To enable M & S to collect information about the browsing and shopping habits and activities of customers , including to monitor the success of campaigns , competitions etc .
To enable M & S meet its contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties .
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies .
How to do this will depend on the browser you use and we provide further detail below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers : -
For Microsoft Internet Explorer :
Choose the menu tools then Internet Options
2 Click on the privacy tab
3 Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Mozilla firefox :
Choose the menu tools then Options
2 Click on the icon privacy
3 Find the menu cookie and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further :
Choose the menu Files > Preferences
What happens if I disable cookies ?
This depends on which cookies you disable , but in general the site may not operate properly if cookies are switched off .
If you only disable 3rd party cookies you will not be prevented from making purchases on this site .
If you disable all cookies you will be unable to complete a purchase on this site .
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY NOTICE - M & S HOME INSULATION AND SOLAR SYSTEM
This privacy notice explains how we may collect , store and use personal data about you , if you sign up for M & S Home Insulation and Solar System services .
This notice only relates to the use of your personal data by Marks and Spencer for the purpose of providing you with insulation services .
SSE Energy Supply Limited is responsible for handling personal data of M & S Energy customers for the purposes of providing home energy to them.M & S is responsible for handing personal data of M & S Home insulation and Solar System customers .
In order to provide you with an insulation or solar system assessment and insulation or solar system products and services , we may collect the following personal data about you :
your name , age , address , telephone number , email , fax and other contact details ;
information about your property
where you have asked us to provide installation services to you , your payment card and bank details ;
proof of benefits and age
your communication and marketing preferences ;
your date of birth
How we may store and use your information
Marks & Spencer ( and third party data processors acting on our behalf , including Enact Energy Management Limited ) may collect , store and process your personal data :
To provide you with a quote for insulation and solar system services .
To arrange and undertake an assessment of the insulation and/or solar system requirements of your home
To recommend insulation and/or solar system services and products tailored to your needs .
To install insulation , solar system and energy efficiency products for you ; including loft insulation , cavity wall insulation and solar panels .
With your agreement , to contact you by email , SMS ( text messaging ) , post , telephone ( including automated calling services ) and fax about promotional offers and information regarding our products and services
To process your payment for any of the above services , including processing your card details and , in certain instances , disclose your personal data to third party credit reference agencies to perform credit checks against you .
If we provide insulation and/or solar system services to you , your name , contact details and a summary of the work undertaken will also be sent to the utility company funding energy savings grants ( currently SSE Energy Supply Limited ) to support their claims for statutory funding .
We use Internet standard encryption technology ( `` SSL '' or `` Secure Socket Layer '' technology ) to encode personal data that you send to us when placing an order through the Website .
To check that you are in a secure area of the Website before sending personal data to us , please look at the bottom right of your website browser and check that it displays an image of a closed padlock or an unbroken key
However , please note that whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal data that you provide to us , no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure .
Consequently , please note that we can not guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer over the Internet to us .
If you are using a computer or terminal in a public location , we recommend that you always log out and close the website browser when you complete an online session for your security .
In addition we recommend that you take the following security measures to enhance your online safety :
Keep your account passwords private .
Remember , anybody who knows your password may access your account .
When creating a password , use at least 8 characters .
A combination of letters and numbers is best .
Do not use dictionary words , your name , email address , or other personal data that can be easily obtained .
We also recommend that you frequently change your password .
You can do this by going to My Account ' and clicking Change name , email or password ' ,
Avoid using the same password for multiple online accounts .
We will never ask you to confirm any account or credit card details via email .
If you receive an email claiming to be from marksandspencer.com asking you to do so , please ignore it and do not respond .
You have the following rights :
the right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time , subject to a fee specified by law ( currently 10 ) ;
the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge ; and
the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you .
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights , please contact us using the contact details specified above .
However , if you wish to unsubscribe from e-mail marketing communications that we send you , you can most easily do this by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail newsletter we have sent to you or , alternatively , by visiting our e-mail newsletter preference centre .
This Website contains links to other websites operated by third parties ( including microsites , described above ) .
Please note that this privacy policy applies only to the personal data that we collect through this Website and we can not be responsible for personal data that third parties may collect , store and use through their website ( including microsites ) .
You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully .
Internet Shopping Is Safe Accredited Retailer
Marks and Spencer is an ISIS accredited retailer and marksandspencer.com is verified as an ISIS compliant website .
Updates to this policy
This privacy policy was last updated in March 2010 .
Please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this privacy policy .
If you have any questions please contact us .

Overstock.com Privacy and Security Policy
Overstock.com , Inc .
( Overstock.com , Overstock , we , us , or our as appropriate ) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to inform you of the following : what information we collect , when we collect it , how and why we collect it , how we use it , how we protect it , how we share it and what choices you have regarding our collection and use of this information .
Entering the Sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy , please do not enter the Sites .
What Information We Collect
Types of Information We Collect
Your billing and delivery address
Your phone ( or mobile ) number
Your credit/debit card number
Information on how you are using the Sites
We Collect Information When
You purchase , order , return , exchange or request information about our products and services from the Sites or mobile applications .
You create an Overstock.com account
You connect with Overstock.com regarding customer service via our customer service center , or on social media platforms .
You visit the Sites or participate in interactive features of the Sites or mobile applications .
You use a social media service , for example , Overstock.com 's Facebook page or YouTube channel .
You sign up for e-mails , mobile messages , or social media notifications from Overstock.com .
You enter a contest or sweepstakes , respond to one of our surveys , or participate in a focus group .
You provide us with comments , suggestions , or other input
You interact with any of the Sites through your computer , tablet or mobile device
How and Why We Collect the Information
We may use tracking pixels/web beacons , cookies and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information .
This information includes Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , date/time stamp and clickstream data .
This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant .
It also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits .
This includes Overstock.com content presented on other websites or mobile applications .
In order to provide the best customer experience possible , we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts .
We allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the Sites and to use that information to serve ads for Overstock.com products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the Sites or other websites .
These companies may use anonymous information ( e.g. , navigational , non-personally identifiable information , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc . ) during your visits to the Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you .
These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon , or other technologies , to collect this information .
To opt out of third-party vendors ' cookies , see the What Choices Do You Have ? section of this privacy policy for instruction how to do so .
In order to improve customer online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our customer care representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information , including , but not limited to , login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited , specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. , information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information .
Information from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers ( e.g. , adding address information ) .
This may improve our ability to contact you and improve the relevancy of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you .
Any information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. , a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and other participants , and could be used to personalize your experience .
You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances .
Overstock.com offers mobile applications ( commonly known as `` apps '' ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about sales events , or receive other information from Overstock .
All information collected by Overstock.com via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy .
Although you do not have to provide your location information to Overstock.com to use our mobile applications , our services require a zip code to function .
If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings .
How We Use the Information We Collect
Product and Service Fulfillment
Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information , or to otherwise serve you
Provide any requested services
Administer sweepstakes and contests
Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , receipt messages , e-mails , and mobile messages
Send marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions
Improve the effectiveness of the Sites , mobile experience , and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys
Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy
To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business
To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas
How We Protect the Information We Collect
We maintain technical , administrative , physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us .
To guard this information , the Sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Overstock.com is able to decode the information .
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information .
`` Phishing '' is a scam designed to steal your information .
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information , do not respond .
Though we might ask you your name , we will never request your password , credit card information or other information through e-mail .
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved .
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy and we comply fully with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Overstock.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent .
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Overstock.com , for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files .
We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Overstock.com and their issuing bank or credit card company .
We are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts , including the following :
Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses
Reset your e-mail account passwords frequently
Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters )
Do not use the same password on more than one website
Do not share your password with others
Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal
How We Share the Information We Collect
We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties ; except , under limited circumstances outlined below , we may share information with third parties .
We share information we collect within the Sites and Overstock.com family , which includes all Overstock.com subsidiaries and affiliates .
The Overstock.com family may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you .
We may share information with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , or data enhancement provider ) or that help us market our products and services .
These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions .
These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose .
We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our customers or others .
When You Direct Us
At your direction or request , we may share your information .
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers .
We also may retain a copy of that customer information .
What Choices Do You Have
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , click here .
You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail .
It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails .
Important Notices and Transactional E-mail
From time to time , we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or the Sites to your email address .
We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order .
We may distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested this information via an opt-in request .
Customers will be able to opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign .
The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time .
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Overstock.com features .
If you do not wish to receive promotional communication from us , call us at ( 800 ) 843-2446 to opt out .
This opt out does not apply to operational communication , for example , confirmation of delivery address .
How Do You Access and Update the Information
In order to keep your information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of your information in the following ways :
If you have created an Overstock.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information .
o Contact us with your current contact information and the information you would like to access .
We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available , or will describe more fully the types of information we typically collect .
Overstock Privacy Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to Overstock .
The Sites may offer links to other sites .
If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site .
In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site .
In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link .
You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information .
In some cases , Overstock.com has partnered with companies [ e.g. , FiftyOne , Inc. , who does business under the name FiftyOne , and PayPal , Inc .
( PayPal ) , collectively , Vendors ] as outside vendors that we have selected to help us facilitate international transactions .
We work closely with these Vendors to ensure that your transaction is handled with care and all the information you provide is secure .
As an international customer , when you click on the checkout button , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by FiftyOne to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be required to select a method of payment and submit credit card and other information to FiftyOne to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be presented with FiftyOne 's terms and conditions which you must agree to in order to complete your order .
Upon completion and approval of your order by FiftyOne , FiftyOne will notify us of the approval and we will process your order and cause it to be shipped directly to FiftyOne .
In this process , FiftyOne will purchase those items in your order from us , thereby taking title to the items , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the delivery of your order .
In this process , FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record , but we are legally obligated to deliver your order as set forth in our Terms and Conditions .
If you have questions about your order , you should direct them to us and not to FiftyOne .
The Vendors may give you the opportunity to receive marketing messages from them , in which case you should refer to their terms and conditions for details about how they use your information .
The Vendors have assured us that they will process information received from you with at least the same level of privacy protection as set forth in the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
If you choose to provide us and/or the Vendors with information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on servers located in the United States .
Any information you provide us is controlled and processed by Overstock.com , Inc. , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , Utah 84121 , USA or its suppliers ( where indicated herein ) .
As mentioned herein , your information provided at checkout will be controlled and processed a Vendor .
Overstock.com complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority .
We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Overstock privacy program assessments .
Overstock.com has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update information or change marketing preferences or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods :
Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100
Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Overstock.com commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Overstock.com using one of the following methods :
Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100
Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA
Overstock.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
Overstock Privacy Policy Revisions
By interacting with Overstock , you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy .
We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 9 , 2013 .

We take our commitment to your privacy seriously and treat any information you supply to us with care .
The data we collect
Links to other websites
Surveys and user groups
What types of activity do we use cookies for ?
First and Third Party Cookies
Accepting and deleting cookies
The Site is a Jersey-based website owned by Play Limited and complies with the Data Protection ( Jersey ) Law of 2005 relating to the personal information you supply online .
PlayTrade S..r.l ( 'PlayTrade ' ) and PlayMedia S..r.l ( 'PlayMedia ' ) , both at 4-6 Avenue de la Gare L-1610 Luxembourg are its wholly owned subsidiaries .
Any personal information that you provide to Play Limited , PlayTrade and PlayMedia whilst contracting with these entities is stored and controlled by Play Limited , located at 3rd Floor , 1 Esplanade , St Helier , Jersey JE2 3QA .
For the purposes of Luxembourg 's legislation on Data Protection and particularly the law of August 2nd 2002 , Play Holdings Limited is the Data Controller , whilst PlayTrade and PlayMedia are Data Processors .
The information you provide to Play Limited , PlayTrade and PlayMedia may be shared with other companies controlled by the PlayHoldings group that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices that offer the same level of protection as those described herein .
The data we collect
These functions may be carried out by us or appointed third parties who are bound by Data Protection covenants and must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Data Protection Laws of Luxembourg .
In addition to personal data such as name , e-mail address , delivery address , billing address , telephone number , credit or debit card number and expiry date , we also analyse data about participants in order to provide a safe shopping environment for all users .
Examples of the data we may collect and analyse include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet , login , password , computer and connection information such as browser type and version , your operating system and platform , the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) , cookie number , products you viewed or searched for , your purchase history , personal preferences and any phone number recorded or used to call our customer services number .
We will not sell , distribute or disclose information about you or your personal usage of the Site without your express consent or unless required or permitted to do so by law .
We may monitor customer traffic patterns , Site usage and related Site information in order to optimise your use of the Site and we may give aggregated statistics to a reputable third-party , but these statistics will include no information personally identifying you .
We may combine your information with information lawfully obtained from other third party sources and use it to optimise your use of the Site and improve our services to you .
We may also use the Information we gather to notify you about important functionality changes and alterations to the Site , or offers of products , services or information that might be of particular interest to you .
We may share the information we gather with trusted business and technical partners for operational purposes such as handling orders , delivering products and services , processing credit and debit card payments , sending communications , providing customer service functions , for fraud detection services and for data analysis .
Those of our partners who need to access personal information perform their business services , may not use the data for other purposes .
Where you are involved in a transaction with a Seller/Merchant ( third party who sells items through play.com website ) your email address , postal address and contact information may be shared with the Seller/Merchant for the purpose of completing the transaction for which it is received .
You will also receive emails from the Seller/Merchant confirming the order , including dispatch or eventual refund , and follow-up invitations to leave feedback for the Seller/Merchant .
You agree to receive these emails and accept that this does not breach any privacy requests .
During any contact with Sellers/Merchants , we strongly encourage you to ask questions before you disclose personal information which the Seller/Merchant may not have obtained during the process of the order .
All payments are handled by Play.com ; you should not buy directly through a Seller/Merchant .
Sellers/Merchants must never ask a buyer for payment card details , bank details or other payment method details .
We may also share data with law enforcement agencies and/or third parties in respect of information requests for criminal investigations and alleged illegal activities .
The personal information we disclose may include your name , billing/delivery address , telephone number , email address , and order history .
In case any fraudulent activity is detected on the website , or , without limitation , in connection with the breach of intellectual property rights through the use of the website , we may release personal information in order to comply with any applicable regulation or assert our rights as well as our business partners ' .
Your information may also be transferred to another company in the event of sale of our company to a third party .
All business/technical partners , Sellers/Merchants and Third Parties are bound by Data Protection covenants and must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Data Protection Laws of Luxembourg .
In the event that we need to transfer your information outside the European Union in accordance with this privacy policy , we will endeavour to ensure that your rights and freedoms in respect of the processing of your personal data are adequately and appropriately protected .
In using the site to buy and sell items , you expressly accept that your personal data may be used and transferred in accordance with this privacy policy .
When you set up your account you will be given an opportunity to set your communication preferences .
You can update your preferences at any time by logging into your account - a communication preferences tab appears on your account page .
Here you can amend the email marketing messages you may wish to receive from Play.com and/or our Sellers/Merchants .
Each time you make a purchase from one of our Sellers/Merchants you will also have the opportunity to select the emails you receive from that Seller/Merchant .
By subscribing to our mailing lists , you accept that your personal data may be used for such purposes .
Sellers/Merchants on the Play.com website may contact you about products they sell on the Play.com website .
By subscribing to their mailing lists , you are consenting to receive these marketing emails .
If at any time you wish to stop receiving our newsletter or any other information you may have requested from us or any other company , please contact us or click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail you receive from us .
Links to other websites
Please note that we do provide links to other sites , which may not be governed by this Privacy Policy and you should view the respective privacy policies of those sites for further information .
Participants have the right to access their stored data , to rectify them if required and to object to the storage of their data for legitimate purposes .
Sellers/Merchants who you have placed an order with , may contact you for feedback purposes .
Beside any submitted 'customer review ' or 'Seller/Merchant feedback ' you place , your 'nickname ' is displayed and is available to view by the public .
Surveys and user groups
We always aim to improve the services we offer .
As a result we occasionally canvass our customers using surveys , provided that they have given their prior and express consent .
Participation in surveys is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us .
Should you choose to do so , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information .
Your participation on our website may mean that we occasionally contact you with the opportunity to enter competitions .
Entry to competitions is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to take up an invitation from us to enter .
Should you choose to enter a competition , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information , and use the information provided strictly within the entry terms of the competition and this Privacy Policy .
We operate an 'Email a friend ' service .
This is a referral service , designed to make it easy for customers to recommend our Site and related websites or offers to a friend , and is a two-step process .
First , a customer sends us the friend 's name and email address , and secondly , we contact the friend , telling them who we are , and inviting them to take advantage of a particular offer , or to visit our website .
When we contact your friend , we always advise them of the name and email address of the friend who made the original referral .
We will not use your friend 's details for any other purpose .
When a customer wishes to sponsor a friend and provides us with his/her name and e-mail address , we reasonably assume that such customer has obtained his/her friend 's prior consent in order for us to process his/her data .
Customers supply such information freely and voluntarily , under their sole responsibility .
In addition to the information which you supply to us , information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies .
Cookies are small text files , with ID tags that are stored on your device ( computer/ mobile/ tablet ) when visiting certain websites .
Cookies keep track of your movements on the site to track what 's in your shopping basket and provide functions to improve your shopping experience .
To order products on the Play.com website you need cookies enabled .
Internet cookies are common and wo n't cause any harm to your device .
No personally identifiable information is stored within cookies ; therefore we recommend you leave these switched on .
You can configure your Internet browser to accept or reject certain cookies or inform you when a cookie is saved .
We do not cross the information recorded in the cookies with the personal information collected at the time of your registration on the Site or with your online activity .
Some of our business partners may themselves use cookies on their own websites .
We have no access or control of these cookies ; therefore we can not accept liability for any malfunctioning of your PC or its installed web browser as a result of your access to any of the websites .
Web Beacons , also called Pixel Tags or Clear Gifs are used in combination with cookies to understand the behaviour of customer .
A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image ( 1 x 1 pixel ) placed on a site or in an email .
Although Web beacons provide similar functions to cookies , Web Beacons are not placed on your computer .
If you turn off cookies , web beacons will simply detect an anonymous website visit .
What types of activity do we use cookies for ?
Shopping Basket ( Strictly Necessary Cookies )
Some cookies are essential during online transactions , e.g . to remember what products you have put in your shopping basket as you navigate to different pages on the website .
These cookies are `` strictly necessary '' for the operation of the website .
Improve user experience on the website ( functionality cookies )
Cookies are used to remember your preferences on the site , such as currency preferences .
These cookies are not shared with other websites .
Profiling ( targeting and advertising )
We use cookies to enable us to serve more targeted advertising to our customers on the Play.com website and on other partner websites .
By knowing a user 's browsing habits , including sites visited , we can show advertisements that are more targeted to the interests of our customers .
Flash cookies ( or Local Shared Objects ) are used to display video content using Adobe Flash Player .
First and Third Party Cookies
Cookies can either be first party , which are associated with the host domain e.g . Play.com , or third party cookies from any other domain including web analytics and advertising services .
Play.com Cookies / First Party Cookies
This cookie allows our web servers to respond to your actions on the website such as `` Add to basket '' or browsing the website .
The website would n't work for you without it .
Expires : At end of session
Currency GBP or Euro
Show items in your shopping basket
This cookie is used to identify your location , based on your IP address .
These cookies show us how you found our website and from which website you came from .
This cookie helps us identify you to provide personalised services
This cookie details the last 3 products viewed by you on the website , which is displayed in the 'Recently viewed ' area of the website
This cookie details your recently viewed products ( maximum 8 from any single category ) on the website .
These products are viewed when you select 'See all ' within 'Recently viewed ' items
This cookie is used to identify the user when placing a product review on the website .
Client session management cookie
_ # srchist , _ # sess , _ # vdf , _ # uid , _ # usid , _ # slid , _ # clkid , _ # lps , _ # tsa , _ # env
Tracks the success of our online marketing activity via DC Storm - a third party who provides marketing analytics for Play.com .
_ # srchist : Stores the history of traffic sources the user has arrived to the site by
_ # sess : Stores information about the session
_ # vdf : Visit definition , e.g . number of visits
_ # uid : Stores a user identifier ( only within a site )
_ # usid : Segments users using randomly generated numbers into groups
_ # slid : Unique sale ID
_ # clkid : Unique identifier for a click generating a landing
_ # lps : Flags that the last page was secure and therefore has no referrer
_ # tsa : Helps to identify and remove duplicate traffic sources
_ # env : Flags whether the environment variables ( screen size , browser etc ) need to be collected
Further information on DC Storm Cookies
_utma , _utmb , _utmc , _utmz
These cookies enable the function of Google Analytics , which is used to track a user 's shopping activity on the Play.com website and enables us to improve website functionality and customer experience ;
_utma : Each unique browser that visits a page on our website is provided with a unique ID via this cookie .
Subsequent visits to the site via the same browser are recorded as belonging to the same visitor .
Please note : If two different people sharing the same computer account and browser access the site , only one unique visitor ID is recorded even though two unique individuals accessed the site .
_utmb , _utmc : Used to establish and continue a user session on the site .
_utmz : Stores the referral used by the visitor e.g . whether you visited the site directly , or visited us via a link ( ad campaign , search engine etc . ) .
Further information at Google Analytics Usage on Websites
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
ACOOKIE , WT_DC , WT_FPC , WTLOPTOUT , JSESSIONID
These cookies enable the function of Webtrends .
Webtrends is a web analytics and customer intelligence company , offering visitor intelligence and analytics solutions .
Webtrends measure online activities to enable us to better understand and serve our customers .
ACOOKIE : Persistent cookie for visitor identification
WT_DC : SmartView transition page tracking
WT_FPC : Visitor identification
WTLOPTOUT : Opt out of data collection
See Webtrends Cookie Policy for details on how to opt-out .
Third party cookies are cookies from another domain ( not Play.com ) .
We do n't control the content of these cookies .
Therefore , please review information about the cookies from the third-party websites .
Examples of third parties who set cookies on play.com include ;
( Cookie names : uid , tst , dis , uic , evt , udc , udi )
Present products that you viewed on Play.com and other related products via adverts when you visit other selected websites .
Click the link for Criteo Privacy Policy , for details on how to prevent the ads being displayed .
Market research to report on internet trends using anonymous demographic and internet usage information
Advertising networks used to deliver interactive advertising campaigns on partner websites .
These cookies track the types of content you have viewed to ensure adverts are as relevant to you as possible .
Atlas ( atdmt.com )
Google ( AdWords , doublclick , InviteMedia )
Right Media ( Yahoo )
Accepting and deleting cookies
To order products on Play.com you need to have your cookies enabled .
If you decline cookies you may lose some of the beneficial website functions of cookies .
No personally identifiable information is stored within cookies .
Therefore , we recommend you leave these turned on .
To check if cookies are enabled on your device , please follow the steps below .
Microsoft Internet Explorer :
Click on Tools and then Internet Options
Select Privacy tab to view your settings
Move the slider to your preferred settings
Click on Firefox button and then select Options
Check 'Accept Cookies from sites ' to enable cookies or uncheck to disable cookies .
Click 'Show advanced settings ... '
Select 'Content Settings ' within Privacy
Select your own preferred settings
Click on Safari , then select Preferences
Click Privacy to view Cookie preferences
Note : Safari blocks third-party cookies by default
Flash cookies are managed differently to normal cookies .
To disable or delete a Flash cookie , see Adobe Flash Play security and privacy ( opens a new window ) .
Note : Flash cookies are not used on the Play.com website .
Mobile / Tablet Device
From the Home screen choose Settings > Safari
Under Privacy Select 'Accept Cookies ' to view if cookies are enabled
Open Browser > Menu > Setting > Privacy and Security
Was this answer helpful ?
Answers others found helpful
How do I contact Customer Support ?
Where do you deliver to ?
How do I close my account ?
I 'm trying to place an order but am getting stuck at the order confirmation stage , what can I do ?

Privacy and cookies notice
This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies .
Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below .
Information we may hold about you
Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites .
Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about .
Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you .
Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them .
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky and/or selected third party websites .
For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies .
Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites .
Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information .
How we may we use your information
In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways :
To monitor and improve our products , services and websites .
We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes .
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies .
Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information .
We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees .
We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies .
We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes .
For market research .
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security .
We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice .
Unless you 've asked us not to :
To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services .
To send you direct marketing .
This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours .
To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising .
This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you .
To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites .
You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
You can also click on the `` unsubscribe '' link in direct marketing emails from us .
You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email .
Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying `` STOP ''
Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )
You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account .
Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising .
This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard .
If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies .
You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link in emails , or via your MySky account .
Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky .

Last Updated : November 2013
At Hilton Worldwide , we strive to deliver outstanding products , services , and experiences around the world .
We value your business and , more importantly , your loyalty .
We recognize that privacy is an important issue .
We have developed this Global Privacy Statement ( `` Statement '' ) to explain the practices of Hilton Worldwide , Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries ( collectively , `` Hilton , '' `` we , '' or `` us '' ) regarding the personal information we collect from you or about you whether on this site , through written or verbal communications with us , information collected when you visit one of our properties , or from other sources .
Also , please note that this Statement does not apply to our processing of personal information on behalf of and subject to the instructions of third parties such as airlines , car rental companies and other service providers , companies that organize or offer packaged travel arrangements , marketing partners , or corporate customers .
Click on one of the links below to jump to a specific section :
Personal Information We Collect
Use of Personal Information Collected About You
How We Share Personal Information
Personal Information From Children
Mobile and Location-Based Services
Links to Third-Party Websites
Changing and Accessing Your Personal Information
Choices - Marketing Communications
We self-certify compliance with
For personal information of customers and employees that Hilton Worldwide , Inc. receives from entities in the European Union and Switzerland , Hilton Worldwide , Inc. has committed to handling such personal information in accordance with the Safe Harbor Principles .
Click here to view the Hilton Worldwide , Inc .
Customer Safe Harbor Privacy Policy .
Personal Information We Collect
At every touch point or guest interaction , and in conducting every aspect of our business , we may collect personal information .
This personal information may include : your contact information ; information related to your reservation , stay or visit to a property ; participation in a membership or loyalty program ; participation in a sweepstakes or marketing program ( even if you do not stay at one of our hotels ) ; information related to the purchase and receipt of products or services ; personal characteristics , nationality , income , passport number and date and place of issue ; travel history ; payment information ; guest preferences ; marketing and communication preferences ; information about vehicles you may bring onto our properties ; reviews and opinions about our Portfolio of Brands or properties ( if they are identified or associated with you ) ; frequent flyer or travel partner program affiliation and member number ; hotel , airline and rental car packages booked ; groups with which you are associated for stays at hotels ; information needed to administer the HHonors program and profiles , including transaction and correspondence details ; information provided on membership and account applications ; and other types of information that you choose to provide to us or that we may obtain from third parties .
We may also record details on joint travelers , including their names and frequent flyer numbers , and the age of the driver of the rental car .
We may also collect and keep information and records related to conversations , including recording or monitoring customer service calls .
In addition we collect other personal information in certain cases , such as :
HHonors : When you enroll in our HHonors program , we will also ask you to indicate whether you are at least 18 years old , and we will record an HHonors number and password for you .
When you manage your profile online , you have the opportunity to provide additional information about your preferred airline partners and your loyalty program account numbers with them , your room type preferences , your language preferences , your credit card account ( s ) , your email subscription preferences for receiving news , offers and information from us , and to create a User ID and password .
Also , when you book a Rewards Reservation or purchase HHonors Points online , we may ask for additional specific account information such as corporate account number , group or convention code , travel agent number or AAA number .
Surveys : We may request demographic data or other personal information in customer surveys .
On-property Collection : Local laws may require that we collect additional personal information during registration/check-in at our properties .
We may also use closed circuit television and other security measures at our properties that may capture or record images of guests , visitors in public areas and information related to your location while on our properties via keycards and other technologies .
We may also use other technologies that record sound or video to protect our staff .
In addition , we may collect personal information in connection with on-property services , such as concierge services , health clubs , spas , activities , child care services , and equipment rental .
Event Profiles : If you plan an event with us , we collect meeting and event specifications , the date of the event , number of guests , details of the guest rooms , and , for corporate events , information on your organization ( name , annual budget , and number of sponsored events per year ) .
We also collect information about the guests that are a part of your group or event .
If you visit us as part of a group , we may have personal information about you provided to us by the group and may market to you as a result of your stay with a group or attendance at an event .
If you visit us as part of an event , we may share personal information about you with the event planners so they may include you as part of the event .
If you are an event planner we may also share information about your event with third-party service providers who may market event services to you .
Hilton Grand Vacations Timeshare : If you submit an online `` pre-application '' for timeshare or if you submit a reservation or information request online , or participate in an online `` click-to-chat '' type feature , we may ask you to provide your annual income range or reservation information .
If you attend a Hilton Grand Vacations event , or preview tour , or enter a sweepstakes , we may ask you to provide information about your family composition , travel preferences , frequency of travel and other vacation history information .
If you register for an online account with Hilton Grand Vacations Club and/or The Hilton Club , or other club products or programs introduced from time to time , we may also ask you to provide your member or reservation number , and security codes .
If you finance the purchase of a timeshare , we may collect loan application and servicing information .
Online Accounts : When you register an online account ( e.g. , as a member of Hilton Grand Vacations Club and/or The Hilton Club , or another club product or program ) , we also ask you to select a username and password .
Social Media : If you choose to participate in Hilton-sponsored social media activities or offerings , we may collect certain information from your social media account consistent with your settings within the social media service , such as location , check-ins , activities , interests , photos , status updates and friend list .
You should understand that you may be subject to the terms and conditions and any privacy policies of the social media site and that Hilton is not responsible for your activities on social media sites .
Forward-to-a-Friend : From time to time , we may offer a feature that allows you to send an electronic postcard or otherwise share a message with a friend , whether via the Internet , a stand-alone kiosk or mobile .
If you choose to do so , we will ask you for the recipient 's name and email address , along with the text of any message you choose to include , or you may be able to use a pre-populated message .
By using this feature , you represent that you are entitled to use and provide us with the recipient 's name and email address for this purpose .
Franchise Opportunities : If you are interested in obtaining more information about franchise opportunities , we may also collect information about your specific interests , such as brand , type of ownership and information about your property type such as current ownership , size of parcel , location of parcel , number of rooms , height limitation and time frame for planning or acquisition .
Employment Applications : If you choose to apply online for employment with Hilton , please see our Applicant Privacy Notice .
WMBE Suppliers : If your U.S. company is a Women's/Minority Business Enterprise interested in participating in Hilton 's Supplier Diversity Program , you may complete the Supplier Diversity Profile Application Form online .
If you choose to apply , you will be asked to provide information about your company and its principals , including the principal 's name , address , email address , ethnicity , contact person 's name and email address , company 's tax identification number and legal structure , and evidence of Women's/Minority Business Enterprise certification .
Personal Information We Collect
In addition to the information we collect from you directly , we may also infer information about you based on the information you provide to us or from Other Information we receive .
( See below for more details about Other Information . )
We may also collect information about you from third parties , including information from our airline , credit card , and other partners , information from social media sites consistent with your settings on such sites , such as social media sign-on programs , and from third-party sources .
We may append this information to the information we have on file for you and share it with others consistent with this Statement .
Use of Personal Information Collected About You
We use your personal information to provide the services you request from Hilton , or which are part of a program you have joined or a purchase you have made .
We also use your personal information to provide you with information about meeting and event planning and access to specific account information for administrative purposes .
In addition , we may use your information to : improve Hilton 's services ; provide you with the expected level of hospitality ; ensure our site , products and services are of interest to you ; process enrollments and applications ; and facilitate collections .
We also use the information to provide or offer you newsletters , promotions and featured specials , other marketing communications , product or service awareness marketing , and to conduct surveys , sweepstakes , prize draws , and other contests .
We may provide these communications online , via email , telephone , mobile/text messaging ( including SMS and MMS ) and postal mail .
We may also aggregate your personal information with data from third-party sources for purposes of data hygiene and analytics .
eFolio Program : In order to provide the most efficient service , we encourage you to receive your hotel bill via email ( `` eFolio '' ) .
All guests will be automatically enrolled in this program .
However , you can choose to receive a paper receipt by making such request upon check in or at any time during your stay prior to your departure date .
The email address you provided upon making your reservation , or if you are an HHonors member and did not change your email address upon making your reservation , your email address of record , will be used to send you your eFolio .
If you would like your eFolio to be sent to a different email address , you can make that request upon check-in or at any time during your stay prior to your departure date .
Further , we do not have any mechanism for verifying your email address , so it is your responsibility to ensure that we have the correct ( and preferred ) email address for you .
If you make a reservation for another person and use your email address , your email address will be used to provide their receipt .
How We Share Personal Information
As a global company , we endeavor to provide you with the same level of service that you have come to expect at Hilton whether you are in San Francisco , London or Tokyo .
To provide this service , we may share your personal information among members of the Hilton Worldwide Portfolio of Brands , including Hilton Grand Vacations , franchisees , managed hotels , or service providers that may be located in countries outside your own .
Although the data protection laws of these various countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your own country , Hilton will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is handled as described in this Statement .
Hilton Worldwide Portfolio of Brands : We may share personal information with other companies within the Hilton Worldwide Portfolio of Brands , including Hilton Grand Vacations , that may jointly use the personal information for the purposes described above .
Hilton Worldwide , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information .
Franchised Hotels , Managed Hotels , Timeshare and Fractional Resorts : We may share personal information with owners and operators of franchised hotels , owners of hotels that we manage but do not own , and timeshare or fractional ownership resorts in order to provide you with services .
In addition , when we cease managing a hotel that we do not own , we may provide the hotel 's owner with limited information about past or future guests of that hotel .
Electronic Billing Program : If you participate in a corporate electronic billing program or the eFolio program , billing information will be shared with the credit card provider and if you use a corporate credit card , possibly , your employer .
Group Events or Meetings : If you visit Hilton as part of a group event or meeting , information collected for meeting and event planning may be shared with the organizers of those meetings and events , and , where appropriate , guests who organize or participate in the meeting or event .
Business Partners : From time to time we may partner with other companies to provide products or services and may share your information with our business partners to provide those products or services to you .
For example , we may help to arrange rental car or other services from our business partners , and share personal information with our business partners in order to provide those services .
If you are an HHonors member , we may share your personal information with our business partners in order to credit you with mileage or other benefits earned through your participation in the HHonors program .
Co-Sponsors of Promotions : We also may co-sponsor promotions , sweepstakes , prize draws , competitions or contests with other companies , or we may provide prizes for sweepstakes and contests sponsored by other companies .
If you enter one of these sweepstakes or contests , we may share your information with our co-sponsor or the third-party sponsor .
On-property Services : We may share personal information with providers of on-property services that provide services such as concierge services , spa treatments , golf , or dining experiences .
Service Providers : We rely on service providers to provide certain products and services , such as to facilitate administrative functions and information technology operations , credit card billing , reservations services , administering the HHonors program , the Hilton Grand Vacations Club and The Hilton Club program , providing services in connection with our websites , including airline and rental car packages ; communicating news and delivering promotional and transactional materials via email , direct mail , and online and mobile advertising ; processing credit card transactions , data hygiene and enhancement services ; professional services such as accounting , auditing and legal advice ; investigating accident reports ; processing insurance claims ; and administering sweepstakes , prize draws , competitions and customer surveys .
Hilton will disclose personal information to service providers as appropriate .
Business Transactions : As we develop our business , we might sell , buy , restructure or reorganize businesses or assets .
In the event of a merger , consolidation , sale , liquidation or transfer of assets , Hilton may , in its sole and absolute discretion , transfer , sell or assign information collected , including , without limitation , Other Information and personal information , to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties .
Telemarketing : If you stay at a Hilton Hotel or are an HHonors member , we may share your telephone number among our Portfolio of Brands , including Hilton Grand Vacations , for purposes of telemarketing .
We may also receive your telephone number from our partners or from other sources , which we may use for telemarketing purposes .
Other : In addition , Hilton may disclose personal information in order to : ( i ) comply with applicable laws , ( ii ) respond to governmental inquiries or requests from public authorities , ( iii ) comply with valid legal process , ( iv ) protect the rights , privacy , safety or property of Hilton , site visitors , guests , employees or the public , ( v ) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain , ( vi ) enforce our websites ' terms and conditions , and ( vii ) respond to an emergency .
When you visit and interact with this site , Hilton and third parties with whom Hilton has contracted to provide services to Hilton , may collect Other Information ( for example , a catalog of the site pages you visit , and the number of visits to our sites ) .
We use cookies and other technologies to collect this information ( please see our Cookies Statement ) .
We may also aggregate or anonymize personal information ( for example , we may aggregate personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code ) or collect demographic data such as date of birth , gender and marital status .
Because Other Information does not personally identify you , such information may be disclosed for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine Other Information with personal information .
If we do combine any Other Information with personal information , the combined information will be treated by us as personal information in accordance with this Statement .
The term `` sensitive information '' refers to information related to your racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership .
We do not generally collect sensitive information unless it is volunteered by you .
We may use health data provided by you to serve you better and meet your particular needs .
Personal Information From Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 18 years of age .
As a parent or legal guardian , please do not to allow your children to submit personal information without your permission .
Mobile and Location-Based Services
To book a reservation from a mobile device or one of our apps , you will be required to enter some personal information .
To view or change reservations or to book a reward stay , you will be required to sign in to your HHonors account or you will be required to provide your confirmation number and additional security codes .
We provide mobile apps that can be downloaded to smart phones .
These apps have a variety of functionalities that enhance the customer experience .
In addition to providing services , our apps may collect personal and Other Information that will be used in accordance with this Statement .
We provide a link to this Statement to customers prior to their downloading of any of our apps .
Our mobile apps may use your device 's Global Positioning System ( GPS ) technology to locate a hotel near you and/or to provide you with relevant location-based information .
We may also share this information with third parties .
We will abide by your device 's settings when accessing any geo-location data .
To the extent any geo-location data is combined with personal information , that information will be treated as personal information in accordance with this Statement .
For certain properties , we also make available a `` virtual concierge '' application , which may be pre-loaded on a Hilton-owned device , or may be downloadable to your web-enabled mobile device .
Using these applications , you can order services from the hotel , such as room service or valet parking ; access our websites ; access third-party websites , including local attractions and social media ; and book a reservation .
To order services from the hotel , you will be required to enter your name and room number , and you can request order confirmation via SMS messaging .
If you request SMS confirmation , you will be required to enter your phone number and carrier .
If you book a reservation , you will be required to sign in to your HHonors account or enter your confirmation number and security codes .
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our site and our mobile applications may contain links to third parties ' websites .
Please note that we are not responsible for the collection , use , maintenance , sharing , or disclosure of data and information by such third parties .
Other third-party websites include the landing page of the high-speed Internet providers at our hotels , as well as social media sites ( such as Facebook and Twitter ) on which Hilton or our properties may have accounts or fan pages where you may be able to post information and materials .
If you provide information on third-party sites , the privacy policy and terms of service on those sites are applicable .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of websites that you visit before submitting personal information .
Hilton will take reasonable measures to : ( i ) protect personal information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction , and ( ii ) keep personal information accurate and up-to-date as appropriate .
We also seek to require our affiliates and service providers with whom we share personal information to exercise reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of personal information about you .
For online transactions , we use reasonable technology to protect the personal information that you transmit to us via our site .
Unfortunately , however , no security system or system of transmitting data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure .
For your own privacy protection , we encourage you not to include sensitive personal information in any emails you send to us .
Please do not send credit card numbers or any sensitive personal information to us via email .
We will not contact you by mobile/text messaging or email to ask for your confidential personal information or credit card details .
We will only ask for your confidential personal information or credit card details by telephone when you are booking a reservation or promotional package by telephone .
We will not contact you to ask for your HHonors account log-in information .
If you receive this type of request , you should not respond to it .
Changing and Accessing Your Personal Information
If you are an HHonors member , the information you provided to us at the time of registration may be accessed , reviewed and updated at any time by signing in to your HHonors profile .
To the extent required by applicable law , you may be able to request that we inform you about the personal information we maintain about you and , where appropriate , request that we update , correct and/or suppress personal information about you that we maintain in our active database .
We will make all required updates and changes within the time specified by applicable law and , where permitted by law , may charge an appropriate fee to cover the costs of responding to the request .
Such requests must be submitted in writing to the following address : Hilton Customer Privacy Department , 7930 Jones Branch Drive , McLean , VA 22102 , USA .
To protect your confidentiality , we can only respond to such requests to the email address that you have registered or otherwise provided to us .
Please remember that if you make such a request , we may not be able to provide you with the same quality and variety of services to which you are accustomed .
In addition , in some circumstances based on applicable law , you may request that we cease sharing personal information about you with our business partners or that Hilton cease using personal information about you on the grounds that such personal information was acquired by unjust means or used in violation of law by sending your written request to Hilton Customer Privacy Department , 7930 Jones Branch Drive , McLean , VA 22102 , USA .
We will seek to honor those requests consistently with applicable law .
We retain personal information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
Choices - Marketing Communications
If you have given us your contact information ( mail address , fax number , email address or phone number ) , we may want to inform you about our products and services or invite you to events by email , telephone , mobile/text messaging ( including SMS and MMS ) or post .
If you are an HHonors member , you may receive additional communications from us , including HHonors statements , third-party news and offers specifically for HHonors program members , and co-branded messages from our business partners .
HHonors members of certain levels may also receive post-stay emails from us .
You may change the communications you receive from us by logging on to your online account and managing your subscriptions , or by writing to us ( and including your email address ) at Hilton Customer Privacy Department , 7930 Jones Branch Drive , McLean , VA 22102 , USA .
Please note , however , that if you change the communications you receive from us as described above , we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of affiliates , franchisees or business partners with whom we have already shared your personal information ( i.e. , to whom we have already provided your personal information as of the date of your opt-out request ) .
Opt-out requests can take up to ten business days to be effective .
Special Notification for California Residents .
Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their personal information to the Hilton Worldwide Portfolio of Brands may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year , along with the names and addresses of these third parties .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to addresses other than the addresses specified in this paragraph .
We may modify this Statement from time to time .
When we make material changes to this Statement we will post a link to the revised Statement on the homepage of our site .
You can tell when this Statement was last updated by looking at the link and at the date at the top of the Statement .
Any changes to our Statement will become effective upon posting of the revised Statement on the site .
Use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Statement then in effect .
Hilton Worldwide Privacy Statement Revisions
As stated above , we may modify this Statement from time to time .
To help you track the most significant changes , we will include a history of changes , below , so that you are aware of modifications to our Statement .
Last Update : November 2013
Updated to change the word Policy to Statement .
Updated to create separate Cookies Statement to provide more transparency on how we use first- and third-party cookies .
Updated to provide more clarity around our eFolio program .
Updated to link out to our Applicant Privacy Notice .
Updated to provide additional notice regarding information that we may collect from third parties used to append to customer data .
Updated to provide further clarity regarding the sharing of personal information , particularly telephone numbers , between and among our affiliates , for purposes of telemarketing .
Updated information on the use of audio and video recordings ( including audio recording and monitoring of customer service calls and audio and video recordings to protect our employees ) .
Updated to provide additional information about our apps and location-based services .
Updated to address how we will use your personal information if you visit one or more of our properties as part of a group or event .
Updated to address sharing of information with co-sponsors of promotions , sweepstakes , and similar events .
Updated to provide more current information about how to opt-out of marketing email communications .

Effective : January 4 , 2011
PMC is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining a safe online experience for all of our users and customers while providing a quality user experience .
Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , our users and customers , in order to fulfill your requests and better serve your needs , you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline .
Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our User Agreement , and contact us if you have any questions .
Our Web site uses cookies for the purpose of identifying you when you access your account .
This allows us to pre-populate your E-mail address on the login page and to distinguish between your Web session and that of the many other people using our service inand allow us to offer other functionalities ( such as screening for age and recognizing you to speed up your log-in when you visit our Web site ) .
We may also automatically collect your IP and referring Web site addresses , browser type , domain name and Web site access times ( as described below ) .
Our web-based mail service will not function unless your browser is set to accept cookies .
You can turn off cookies , but that will affect your online experience .
We use third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web site in order to provide advertisements on our Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
They may also use this information to track the effectiveness of those ads .
Links : Be aware that when you click on ad banners , you may be redirected to other sites not operated by PMC .
You are responsible for information that you provide to these sites .
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that requests personal information .
Note that this policy does not cover the privacy practices of these linked sites .
General Information Collected : When visiting our site , some general information is collected including : IP address ( your computer 's unique signature ) Operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 ) Browser software ( e.g. , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Netscape ) Internet Service Provider ( e.g. , Earthlink , Verizon ) .
The information we collect is aggregated to reflect the population as a whole rather than focused on individuals .
We use it to help us better understand the people who visit our Web Site and to continually improve our products and services .
In addition , like many other sites with paid advertising , we disclose some of this non- personally identifiable , aggregate information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and clicked on their advertisements .
Third Party Service Providers
Agents and affiliates of PMC may occasionally process individual user data as required to provide services for which the user has registered .
However , they are not allowed to use this information for any other purpose .
All individual user data is owned and controlled by PMC .
Features on the Web Site that utilize third party service providers include : e-mail notification services and credit card processing .
As in any transaction , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , date , total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction .
We will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission .
From time to time we partner with third party service providers to offer additional products and services within the Web Site .
To participate in these offerings , you may be asked to provide personal information and agree to terms and conditions relating to the third party service provider .
Such requests for information will be displayed and requested by the third party in a straightforward manner with explanation as to whose privacy statement governs the collection of such information .
These services include : dating and personals , employment services , home loans , apartment rentals and other services , all of which are purely optional for the user .
It is the responsibility of each user to provide PMC with accurate information at all times .
Personal information collected during the account registration process includes : name , street address , city , state , zip code , country , age , gender as well as an alternate email address ( optional ) .
Payment information will also be collected if users have registered for a premium account .
In order to update the personal information , users may do the following :
Login to the account via the website
On the top navigation bar click on My Account
Make any changes and then click Finish to save the changes
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with best practices employed by other publishers and regulatory organizations across the industry .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Web Site to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy .
If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change .
We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Web Site visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information PMC shares with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : PMC , 9800 South La Cienega Blvd. , Los Angeles , CA 90301 .
In your request , please specify that you want a PMC California Privacy Rights Notice .
Please allow at least 30 days for a response .
For any questions or comments concerning PMC 's privacy policy , please write to :
Or send a letter to :
9800 South La Cienega Blvd .
Los Angeles , CA 90301
( 310 ) 321-5000

Here you 'll find lots of detail on how we collect and use your personal information .
On this site , `` we '' , `` our '' and `` BT '' each mean all the companies that make up the BT Group .
We collect information about you when you buy or use our Telephone , Broadband or TV services , or from other organisations such as credit agencies or other Telcos handling your calls .
We may share this information between us so we can provide the services you order and manage your account .
By using any of our services or visiting our websites you agree to our use of your personal information as set out here .
If you want to find out more about how we collect and use your personal information in different situations please click on the buttons above .
When you order a phone service from us , we ask for your name , address , contact number , including mobile , and email address .
We also ask for details on how you want to pay .
That 's so we can provide you with the service , charge you for it and let you know if we make changes to it .
We also use your personal information to check your identity if you get in touch with us .
When you first order a phone service from us , or buy certain new services , we run a credit check on you .
To do that we give some of your personal information to credit reference agencies .
Read more about our credit checking processes .
When you sign up , we 'll ask if you want your details in the Phone Book and other directories like those online .
If you agree , we 'll publish your details and share your information with other communications providers who provide directory services .
Ex-directory numbers are not included .
Unless you tell us not to , we will , from time to time , contact you to tell you about products or services we think you might be interested in .
We might do this through the post , online , using push notifications via apps , or on the phone .
When you use your phone we keep a record including the number you call , the time and the length of the call so we charge you the right amount on your bill .
Unless you tell us not to we may also use this information to tell you about products and services we think may be of interest to you .
Read more about your choices on marketing .
If we think there 's been crime , fraud , misuse of , or damage to , our network , we 'll use this information for our internal investigations and any subsequent prosecution ( s ) .
The law says we have to keep certain information about how you use our services for 12 months .
This information may be used by law enforcement agencies to detect crime and protect national security , but we only disclose information to them when we 're legally required to .
BT Sport & TV
When you order TV products or services from us , we ask for your name , address , contact number , including mobile , and email address .
We also ask for details on how you want to pay .
We might also need your direct debit or credit card details to charge you for the service , and information about your devices and viewing cards so we can provide you with the service .
Unless you tell us not to , we may take details of the devices you use , channels and programmes you watch , adverts and services you access for example how you view , record or fast forward them to provide you with personalised services .
Those services could be things like viewing recommendations and tailored advertising .
You can opt out of personalised content suggestions any time by calling 0800 111 4567 .
If you do that , we 'll still recommend content to you but it wo n't be based on what you like to watch .
If you opt out of personal recommendations , you may still get general content recommendations and adverts .
Where you take our TV services through our partners we share your information to help provide you with the service and sometimes for marketing , but only if you 've told us that 's okay .
When you order broadband from us , or sign up to use BT Wi-fi , we ask for your name , address , contact number , including mobile , and email address .
We also ask for details on how you want to pay .
We might also need your direct debit or credit card details to charge you for the service .
We 'll use your contact details to tell you about changes to our service ; for example if we upgrade your line , or when there 's a new technology ( like fibre optic ) in your neighbourhood .
Unless you tell us not to , we will , from time to time , contact you to tell you about products or services we think you might be interested in .
We might do this through the post , online , using push notifications via apps , or on the phone .
Read more about your choices on marketing .
Where you use our wi-fi partners ' services , we share your information to help provide you with the service and sometimes for marketing ( but only if you 've told us that 's okay . )
We keep information about how you 're using your broadband to help us understand and manage traffic flows on our network .
That includes IP addresses and other traffic data including websites you 've visited .
We may also use this information to provide you with certain services you ask us for like parental controls on web access .
The law says we have to keep certain information about how you use our internet services for 12 months .
This information may be used by law enforcement agencies to prevent and detect crime and to protect national security .
( But we only disclose information to them when we 're legally required to . )
If we think there 's been crime , fraud , misuse of , or damage to , our network , we 'll use this information for our internal investigations and any subsequent prosecution ( s ) .
We will also provide it in reply to other lawful requests for information such as about illegal online file sharing .
When you first log on to use your internet access service from BT you will be shown a screen asking if you want to activate parental controls or not .
We keep a record of whether or not you have activated parental controls and will continue to offer them to you each time you log in if you ignore the request .
The only data we will capture is whether or not you have activated parental controls and the level of you have activation selected .
We give numbers of activations to the Government and keep an aggregated and anonymous report of the sites which are blocked .
We also record high level user behaviour , such as the number of times there has been an error using the controls , but we will not record the sites blocked against you .
For more information please refer to our Broadband terms and conditions which cover parental controls .
`` My BT '' lets you manage your account with us , including getting your bills online .
When you create a `` My BT '' account on bt.com , we ask you for information so we can check your identity when you sign in .
We also ask you if we can use some of your account information to tell you about products or services we think you might be interested in .
Read more about your choices on marketing .
We collect information about how you use our website to keep improving the way it works .
We count how many people visit our websites , where they come from , when they visit , how long they stay and what pages they look at .
We sometimes use data like this in bulk and anonymously to give us insights into new products and services our customers might like .
We also look at the browser , OS and devices you use to make sure you get a good online experience however you access our websites .
Depending on how you set up your marketing preferences , we may share information about how you 've used our website with our advertisers and other companies who offer their services on our pages .
We may also use this information to personalise the editorial content and any bt.com service messages based on what you tell us to make sure the online adverts you get are relevant to you .
We also use the information we get from cookies to show you relevant adverts based on what you like to do online .
You can change your cookie preferences or read more about our cookie policy anytime .
BT is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme , an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk .
BT is also a participant in other similar affiliate programmes which means we may be paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about .
A cookie is a text file with a small bit of information in it , which a server downloads onto your computer , tablet or smartphone when you visit a website .
Then you can be recognised when you come back , or when you visit another site which recognises that cookie .
Different types of cookie do different things .
Some let you navigate between different pages on a website .
Some remember your website preferences .
Some give you adverts tailored to your interests .
And some measure how many sites or which you visit .
Session-based cookies sit on your device while you 're on a website then expire once you shut your web browser .
Persistent cookies stay on your device for longer , then automatically expire .
The law says we have to give you details about the cookies we use and why we use them .
We also have to have your consent to use them .
So we 've developed a system of classifying the different types of cookie we use on bt.com , or that third parties might download to your device via our websites .
Our cookie classification system explains how we use the cookies , and also determines how we ask for your consent to use them .
We also explain what functionality you lose if you decide you do n't want to have them on your device .
To keep things simple , we use different icons to represent cookie categories .
Each icon links to a more detailed description .
We fix the icons to a sliding scale which you can set to choose which cookie types you want to have on your device at any time .
The tool bar displaying these icons is at the foot of every page on bt.com .
When you first visit bt.com you 'll see a notice telling you we use cookies , why we use them , and how you can change which cookies you accept using the sliding scale toolbar and clicking on the icons .
If you enter bt.com having seen this notice , without making changes to our standard cookie settings , we take that to mean you 're happy with the settings as they are .
If you change the settings using the icons on the sliding scale , that means you consent to use the ones you have n't disabled .
Some cookies are 'strictly necessary ' for us to give you the online service you 've asked for .
We do n't ask for your permission to use these and all the information collected by those cookies is anonymous and does n't in any way affect your privacy .
We use 'performance ' cookies to measure how our websites perform so we can improve our pages and measure how that works for visitors .
You ca n't disable 'strictly necessary ' or 'performance ' cookies and by using our website and online services , you 're automatically agreeing to have those on your device .
You can get into the cookie classification system anytime .
Just look for the 'cookie preferences ' tool bar .
To make your choices , slide the bar over the icons and click on an icon for a detailed description of that type of cookie .
We also give a list of the individual cookies we use in each category in the 'more about cookies ' section .
That 's so if you check your internet settings , you know what these are if you 've agreed we can use them .
You can always take cookies off your device using your browser settings .
But if you do , some things wo n't work as well for example , lots of pop up boxes might run the same ads , or you might n't be able to get to a page you earlier personalised .
Your browser options let you choose whether to accept , not to accept or be warned before accepting cookies .
( They 're in the advanced preferences section . )
Our cookie categorisation and icons are also used in a 'cookie code ' developed by the International Chamber of Commerce to help website operators stick to the rules .
When you buy something from us , we might have to do a credit check .
That means looking into your records with credit reference agencies ( like Experian or Equifax ) , the Interactive Media in Retail Group ( IMRG ) security alert , or fraud prevention agencies .
When they get a search from us , a 'footprint ' goes on your file which other organisations might see .
We might keep personal information we find out about you but we have a strict policy for how we look after it and keep it safe .
We also keep the results of the searches we do with credit agencies so we do n't have to do another search if you buy something new from us in the future .
But we only keep your credit data for a reasonable amount of time .
We 'll also do checks to confirm your identity when you want a new phone line .
That 's to help protect you from identity theft and fraud , and to prevent and detect crime or money laundering .
And once in a while we might run more checks with CRAs and FPAs to keep your account with us up to date .
If you tell us you 've got a spouse or financial associate , we 'll link your records together so you must make sure you have their agreement to disclose information about them .
CRAs also link your records together and these links will stay on your and their files unless you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the CRAs to sever that link .
We send CRAs information on applications , and they hold onto that .
We may also give them details of your accounts and bills , including how you manage them .
That includes telling them about your account balances , what you pay us and when you miss a payment ( going back in the past , too ) .
If you do n't pay your bills on time , CRAs will record that .
They , or a fraud prevention agency , might tell others doing similar checks including organisations trying to trace you or recover money you owe them .
There are a few different CRAs in the UK , and each one might have different information on you .
If you want to find out what information they have on you , they 'll charge you a small statutory fee .
Callcredit , Consumer Services Team , PO Box 491 , Leeds , LS3 1WZ or 0870 0601414 or callcredit.co.uk .
Equifax , Credit File Advice Centre , PO Box1140 , Bradford , BD1 5US or 0844 3350550 or equifax.co.uk .
Experian , Consumer Help Service , PO Box 8000 , Nottingham NG80 7WF or 0844 4818000 or experian.co.uk .
Disclosure and sharing data
We may share your personal information with other companies in the BT Group who may use it for the purposes set out in this Privacy Centre .
We sometimes use other companies to provide some of our services or to provide services to us .
To do that , they may need to process your personal information .
When we do , they have to follow our instructions and comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We might transfer your personal information to places outside the European Economic Area and store it there , where our ( or our suppliers ' ) people might process it .
If that happens , we require them to apply the same security standards as when we process your information in the UK .
Sometimes we ask specialist partners to call you , on our behalf , to offer you things from BT we think you might want .
We 've listed these partners here .
If someone contacts you who is n't on the list but claims to be acting for us , get in touch straight away on 0800 800 150 so we can check it out .
If law enforcement agencies ask us in the proper way , we may give them information about you .
We do that so they can prevent and detect crime , and prosecute offenders .
We may also provide information to protect national security .
In all cases , we do this in accordance with the law .
We also provide information when the law says we have to such as in response to a court order or other lawful demand .
Monitoring and Recording communications
We may monitor and record our communications with you , including e-mails and phone conversations .
Information which we collect may then be used for training purposes , quality assurance , to record details about the products and services you order from us , and in order to meet our legal and regulatory obligations generally .
We regularly review our privacy policy .
The last update was on 18th September 2013 .
We want to make sure that any data we hold on you is up to date .
So if you think your personal information is inaccurate , you can ask us to correct or remove it .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 individuals have the right to know what information we hold on them .
If you 'd like a copy of some or all of your personal information , write to us at :
We charge 10 for requests for personal information so please enclose a cheque made out to BT with your request .
If you 'd like any copies of your phone bills , call 150 .
There 'll be a fee to cover the cost .
Unless you tell us not to , we assume we have your permission to tell you about BT products and services we think you might be interested in .
We might do this through the post , online , using push notifications via apps , or on the phone .
We wo n't send you marketing messages if you tell us not to but we will still need to send you service-related messages .
You can opt out of getting marketing messages anytime .
You can tell us in lots of ways :
When we call you as part of a telemarketing campaign .
When we email you ( use the opt out link in the email ) .
Write to us at Freepost BS 6295 , Bristol BS1 2BR ( or any other opt out address we give you ) .
Change the cookie settings we hold for you .
Call 0800 111 4567 if you want to opt out of getting viewing recommendations on BT TV or BT Sport .
Make a choice about targeted marketing when you create an online account on bt.com .

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail , aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit , and information volunteered by the consumer ( such as survey information and/or site registrations ) .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service , and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes , except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if HootSuite Media Inc. or HootSuite is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , HootSuite Media Inc. will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for HootSuite we ask for information such as your name , company name , email address , billing address , credit card information .
Members who sign up for the free account are not required to enter a credit card .
HootSuite Media Inc. uses collected information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , billing , identification and authentication , services improvement , contact , advertising and research .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are required to use the HootSuite service .
We use cookies to record current session information , but do not use permanent cookies .
You are required to log-in to your HootSuite Project Site after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents .
HootSuite Media Inc. uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware , software , networking , storage , and related technology required to run HootSuite .
Although HootSuite Media Inc. owns the code , databases , and all rights to the HootSuite application , you retain all rights to your data .
HootSuite Media Inc. may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances , such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service .
You can manage your email preferences , such as opt-out or unsubscribe from emails sent by HootSuite Media , Inc. , by adjusting your preferences in your account settings .
You can also opt-out or unsubscribe from any future email communications from within each email correspondence that we send you .
HootSuite Media Inc. may periodically update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your HootSuite primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
HootSuite Media Inc .
5 East 8th Avenue
Vancouver , BC , Canada

Web18 recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information and will keep the information you entrust to us safely and securely .
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This policy tells you how Web18 collects information from you , how we protect it and how we use it , and share all personal information which you provide when you use any of Web18 sites ( the `` Sites '' ) , unless otherwise specified on the relevant site where a different privacy policy will be displayed This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Web18 does not own or control or to people that Web18 does not employ or manage .
Information Collection and Use
We respect each visitor 's right to personal privacy .
To that end , we collect and use information throughout our web site only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
This statement applies solely to the information collected on ibnlive.com .
We will collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways including directly from you when you register on the Sites , use other Web18 services , enter competitions or prize draws , navigate around our Sites or respond to communications from us .
Web18 may also receive personally identifiable information from , third parties including our related companies , our business partners and publicly available sources of information .
The following is what we normally collect about you to help us provide you with our services , where we can :
Personal attributes , name , address , gender , date of birth , email , telephone number , and service details ;
Information on how you use our website , including details of your domain name and Internet Protocol address , operating system , browser , cookies , time spent on a page or content , and the route you took to navigate through the pages ;
Other data , from time to time , to help us provide you with improved products and services .
If you choose not to provide us with certain information we may not be able to provide you with a particular service .
Web18 also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address , Web18 ! cookie information and the page you requested .
In addition , when you use Web18 's services , you may make some of your personal information public .
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return and Web18 will not be responsible for the use or misuse of such information .
The main uses of your personal information are to verify your identity ; to help provide our services ; to administer those services ; to enable us to review and improve our service to provide access to certain areas of the website ; to personalise your visit to our site ; to run competitions and games and to assist with advertising and other revenue generation functions .
The information we collect is also used to notify visitors about events , changes and other information about this web site .
The information we collect is never shared with other organizations for commercial or other purposes .
This information may be used for marketing ( where you have agreed to this ) and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , to provide , optimise and personalise our services and to send you newsletters and information ( where you have agreed to this ) about our products and services .
We may use information about you to create a picture of your interests .
This will allow us to understand our customers and visitors better , so we can make our services and marketing more relevant .
Information that we use in this way may include :
( i ) information about your use of this and other Web18 Sites ;
( ii ) household classification data ,
( iii ) your responses to communications from us ;
( iv ) your interaction with other parts of the Web18 Group ;
( v ) information you provide when you register on a Site ;
( vi ) customer surveys ;
( vii ) information provided by other companies , where you gave them permission to share this information .
We may use a variety of technical methods such as cookies and web beacons to collate this information ( see the section below on `` Use of Cookies '' for further information ) .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Web18 will NOT disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties except in the following situations :
We have your consent to share the information ;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested ;
We need to share the information with certain service partners in order to respond to your comments or to resolve service issues .
( Unless we tell you differently , these partners have no independent right to use this information except to respond to your comments or to resolve the service issues . ) ;
We respond to requests from any Indian or foreign government , security , defence , revenue , regulatory or other authority , agency or officer ;
We respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal proceedings ;
When required by law that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights of property ibnlive.com ;
When applicable law or regulation requires disclosure of information to protect the safety or security of users of our Sites ;
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the Web18 Terms of Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services ;
If we sell the business of some of the Web18 group of companies to another organisation or merge with other businesses .
In this case , the buyer will only be able to use your information as set out in this Privacy Policy ;
If we use third party processors to administer and process your personal information for the purposes notified in the Privacy Policy , e.g . for hosting activities related to the use of our Sites or services ; or
We may need to share details with third parties ( such as auditors or legal advisors ) to obtain advice .
Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law , preserving any statutory data protection rights .
Who has access to the information at Web18
We may share your information with other members of the Web18 Group .
As used in this Privacy Policy the Web18 Group includes Web18 Holdings Limited , Cayman Islands and all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities , including companies such as those branded under Network18 labels .
In this Privacy Policy `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' and `` ourselves '' means any member of this Group .
People we may disclose your personal information will include :
Members of Web18 ;
our related companies ;
advertisers and content partners , either in an aggregate form eg . 5,000 users clicked on a banner ad ;
credit-reporting and fraud-checking agencies ;
our professional advisers , including our accountants , auditors and lawyers ;
other telecommunication and information service providers ;
by disclosing individual records such as IP addresses as may be required by law ; or
government and regulatory authorities and other organisations , as required or authorised by law .
We will ensure that these people only use such information to perform the above functions , and that they have adequate procedures in place to deal with your data securely .
Some of these people may be based outside India .
Use of information for marketing
In line with any permission you give us , we may send you direct marketing about our own , or carefully selected third parties ' goods and services and disclose your information to other organisations that may send direct marketing to you .
You can change your marketing preferences if you are registered with us .
In addition , you can unsubscribe from email communications via unsubscribe links provided in communications sent to you .
Link from or to Other Sites
As a means of providing useful resources to our users , ibnlive.com provides links to other web sites .
We try to carefully choose web sites that we believe are useful and meet our high standards .
However , because web sites can change so quickly , we do not guarantee the standards of any website links we provide nor do we imply endorsement .
ibnlive.com is not responsible for the data and privacy policies , content or security of other websites that are linked to our site .
You should be aware that when you are on our Sites you could be directed to other sites where the personal information collected is outside of our control .
The privacy policy of the new site will govern the information obtained from you on that site .
Access to your account information
You can access and change the information that you provided during registration .
There are instructions on the start page to help you recover your password if you 've forgotten it .
Please include information in the e-mail that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your inquiry or request .
We collect information through technology to make our Sites and other content or services which we make available to you more interesting and useful to you .
For instance , when you come to one of our Sites via your computer or other media device , we may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through cookies , web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve your online experiences and to determine what products , promotions and services you prefer or are likely to be of interest to you .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer or other media device while you are viewing or interacting with the Site .
We use cookies for a variety of purposes including tracking usage on our Sites in order to- enhance our guests ' experience on our Sites and to learn more about your preferences and interests
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Sites .
We also use these technical methods to analyse the traffic patterns on our Sites , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites .
Web18 ensures that all information collected and accessed by Web18 through the access of these cookies will be maintained in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Web18 allows other companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Web18 's cookies .
We take various precautions to keep your personal information secure from unauthorized access and will store your personal information for so long as it is necessary to provide you our services or for archive purposes .
You are responsible for keeping your User ID and password secure and you should not disclose them to anyone .
Web18 may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the latest version on this and all our other Sites .
If we ever wish to use your personal information in a way which is incompatible with the information in this Privacy Policy , we will only do so with your consent .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
Your right to access this website is conditional upon your full acceptance of this Privacy Policy and by accessing the Sites you you signify your consent that we store and process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .

In the course of using this website or availing the products and services vide the online application forms and questionnaires , ICICI Bank and its Affiliates may become privy to the personal information of its customers , including information that is of a confidential nature .
ICICI Bank is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the customer information and its transmission through the world wide web and it shall not be held liable for disclosure of the confidential information when in accordance with this Privacy Commitment or in terms of the agreements , if any , with the Customers .
ICICI Bank endeavours to safeguard and ensure the security of the information provided by the Customer .
ICICI Bank uses 128-bit encryption , for the transmission of the information , which is currently the permitted level of encryption in India .
When the information provided by the Customers is not transmitted through this encryption , the Customers ' system ( if configured accordingly ) will display an appropriate message ensuring the best level of secrecy for the Customer 's information .
The Customer would be required to cooperate with ICICI Bank in order to ensure the security of the information , and it is recommended that the Customers necessarily choose their passwords carefully such that no unauthorised access is made by a third party .
The Customers should undertake not to disclose their password to anyone or keep any written or other record of the password such that a third party could access it .
ICICI Bank undertakes not to disclose the information provided by the Customers to any person , unless such action is necessary to :
Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process ;
Protect and defend ICICI Bank 's or its Affiliates ' rights , interests or property ;
Enforce the terms and conditions of the products or services ; or
Act to protect the interests of ICICI Bank , its Affiliates , or its members , constituents or of other persons .
The Customers shall not disclose to any other person , in any manner whatsoever , any information relating to ICICI Bank or its Affiliates of a confidential nature obtained in the course of availing the services through the website .
Failure to comply with this obligation shall be deemed a serious breach of the terms herein and shall entitle ICICI Bank or its Affiliates to terminate the services , without prejudice to any damages , to which the customer may be entitled otherwise .
ICICI Bank will limit the collection and use of customer information only on a need-to-know basis to deliver better service to the customers .
ICICI Bank may use and share the information provided by the Customers with its Affiliates and third parties for providing services and any service-related activities such as collecting subscription fees for such services , and notifying or contacting the Customers regarding any problem with , or the expiration of , such services .
In this regard , it may be necessary to disclose the customer information to one or more agents and contractors of ICICI Bank and their sub-contractors , but such agents , contractors , and sub-contractors will be required to agree to use the information obtained from ICICI Bank only for these purposes .
The Customer authorises ICICI Bank to exchange , share , part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the Customers to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law , customary practice , credit reporting , statistical analysis and credit scoring , verification or risk management and shall not hold ICICI Bank liable for use or disclosure of this information .

Thank you for using ImageShack ! ImageShack is a photo sharing community that provides you with an easy way to post and share photos online as well as add metadata and comments to photos .
You do not need to be registered to search or view public photos on ImageShack , however you must be a registered user of ImageShack to post .
In Profile Preferences , you can control what information you share with people via your profile , including user name and bio .
In your My Images panel , you may also hide photos from searches on ImageShack as well as searches on 3rd party sites that use ImageShack APIs .
How information is collected
When you give us permissions to obtain it .
When you sign up for or use our products , you voluntarily give us certain information .
This can include your name , profile photo , tags , comments , likes , email address you used to sign up , and any other information you provide us .
If you 're using Imageshack on your mobile device , you can also choose to provide us with location data .
You also may give us permission to access your information in other services for example , you may link your Facebook or Twitter account to ImageShack , which allows us to obtain information from those accounts ( e.g. , your friends or contacts ) .
The information we obtain from those services often depends on your settings or their privacy policies , so be sure to check what those are .
We collect technical information when you use our products .
In todays world , technology often helps websites display relevant ads based on some non-personal information that almost always gets created and recorded in an automated way .
When you use our products , we collect such information and may use it to show more relevant advertising .
The information and ways we use to collect it described bellow :
When you use ImageShack , our servers automatically record information about your interaction with our products , including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you use it to access ImageShack .
This data may include your Internet Protocol address , the address of the web page you were visiting before you came to ImageShack , browser type and settings , the date and time of your request , and how you used ImageShack .
Depending on how you 're accessing our products , we may use HTML , HTTP or Flash cookies to identify you and record log data .
When we use cookies , we may use session cookies ( that last until you close your browser ) or persistent cookies ( that last until you or your browser delete them ) .
For example , we may use cookies to keep you logged in or to store your language preferences or other ImageShack settings so you do n't have to set them up every time you visit ImageShack .
In addition to log data , we may also collect information about the device you 're using ImageShack on , including what type of device it is , what operating system you 're using , device settings , unique device identifiers , and crash data .
Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you 're using and its settings .
For example , different types of information are available depending on whether you 're using a Mac or a PC , or an iPhone or an Android phone .
To learn more about what information your device makes available to us , please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider .
How we use information we collect
How Do We Use Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) ? We use the PII we request at registration in order to provide you with the services offered on the Site , including image hosting and sharing .
All information provided by you to ImageShack is strictly confidential and will almost never release any personal information about you without your permission .
However , ImageShack reserves the right to release your information if you have violated the ImageShack Terms of Service , or if the information is subpoenaed , in order to protect safety of ImageShack or Site users .
How Do We Use Your Information For Advertising ? ImageShack will target advertising based on personal information provided by users and inferred from site usage .
This may include gender , age , or geographic data .
ImageShack does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
We may bundle and share the non-personal information we collect from you and other users with advertisers , third parties , trusted partners and affiliates so that they display advertising that better suits the interests of users of our Site .
We may aggregate your PII with information about others .
In that case we will make your information non-personally identifiable by removing your name , email and other characteristics that would identify it as you .
We may use and/or share the resulting non-PII with third parties .
Do We Use Analytics Companies ? We may provide some non-personal information to others who help us understand how you use the Site .
Important things to keep in mind
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Information transferred to or stored in the United States may be subject to access requests from U.S. governments , courts , law enforcement officials and national security authorities in the United States according to United States laws .
13 and Up .
If you are under the age of 13 , we 're sorry , but you ca n't register at the Site .
On the bright side , ImageShack will never knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information .
Changing Our Policy .
This Privacy Policy is subject to change .
We will prominently post a notice on the Site when there are material changes in the way we treat PII .
You should periodically check back and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it .
Please use ImageShack Help if you have any questions about this service .
Please contact us to report Abuse or Violation of this Privacy Policy .
Check out our Terms Of Service for more information on terms of use for ImageShack services .

Information we collect ; how we use it
Automatically collected technical information : Our servers log information about each computer connecting with our site such as IP address , device characteristics , operating system , browser type , type of connection , page and image viewing statistics , and incoming and outgoing links .
We associate this information with comments you post or votes you enter .
We also log the metadata associated with any images or videos you upload .
None of this automatically collected technical information is associated with any identified person at the time it is collected , but it could be associated with you under two circumstances : First , if you choose to give us personal data about you as described below , the technical information we collect that would otherwise be anonymous could instead be logged as coming from you ; and second , if we are required to disclose our server logs as a result of a subpoena or other legal process , some third party such as your internet provider could match our anonymous technical information with you , using information beyond what is found on our servers .
We may use cookies , web beacons , or other anonymous tracking information to improve our server 's interaction with your computer , and we may partner with third party advertisers who may ( themselves or through their partners ) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
These cookies enable more customized ads , content or services to be provided to you .
To trigger these cookies , we may pass an encrypted or hashed ( non-human readable ) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner , who may place a cookie on your computer .
No personally identifiable information is on , or is connected to , these cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Personal data you choose to give us : We collect whatever personal data about you that you choose to give us , such as name , address , email address , profile information , and credit card billing information .
We consider such personal data to be Private Data , and subject to the Personal Data Protection paragraph below , with the following exception : Any data ( text , images , videos , etc . ) you post to a public forum on our site , linked to or from our site , or share via a social networking function , will not be considered Private Data and will not be subject to the Personal Data Protection paragraph below .
Imgur does not disclose to any third party Private Data you have given us , except to the extent necessary for credit card processing ; in such cases your Private Data is used by credit card processors only for that purpose ( including guarding against credit card fraud ) .
The only exception , obviously , is if we are forced to disclose the information as a result of a subpoena or other legal process .
You may correct , amend , or delete inaccurate Private Data information you have given us , although any credit card transactions that have already taken place will be unaffected .
For legal reasons we may retain backup and/or archival copies of information prior to your corrections , amendments , or deletions .
We take every reasonable precaution to protect your Private Data from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
You are responsible for taking every reasonable precaution on your end to protect any unauthorized person from accessing your Imgur account .
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time without notice .

Last Revised : July 22 , 2013
GO DADDY RESPECTS YOUR PRIVACY
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use the personally identifiable information you provide on our Site .
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update that information .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Go Daddy has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that its Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements , including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personally identifiable information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its lead privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response , please contact TRUSTe .
Go Daddy complies with the U.S-EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries .
Go Daddy has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
Other than as described in this Policy , we will not give any information about you to others without your express permission .
Information Collection and Use
Our Site and mobile application use forms in which you give us contact information ( including your name , address , telephone number , and email address ) so you can place orders , request information and support , and make product suggestions .
For certain services , we may also request a credit card number , government identification number , or other financial information .
We will then create an account number for you .
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site , mobile application , or give us in any other way , including through email , telephone , or other communications with our customer service department .
If you contact us for support , we will keep an internal record of what support was given .
We use your information to contact you regarding functionality changes to our products , our Site and mobile application , new Go Daddy services , and special offers we think you 'll find valuable .
If you would rather not receive this information , please see the `` Updating Your Information '' section below on how to change your preferences .
We may also use your information to present a co-branded offer with our partners or affiliates .
If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer , it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy statement applies .
We use information gathered about you from our Site or mobile application statistics ( for example , your IP address or device operating system ) to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Site and mobile application .
We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our Site and mobile application and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable .
This is not linked to any personally identifiable information , except as necessary to prevent fraud or abuse on our system .
Our Site and mobile application use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and receipts .
We use cookies to identify you so you do n't need to log in each time you visit our Site or mobile application .
The cookies are linked to your customer number , which is associated with the information in your account .
Within our mobile application we use tracking technologies such as : CI codes ( click tracking ) , ISC ( source tracking ) , and ITC ( item tracking codes , attached to purchases at an item level , used to determine where within the application a product was added ) .
Our mobile application automatically collects the device 's operating system , phone model , app version , and device ID , and the user 's customer number .
We report this data back to our Go Daddy web services .
These results are not shared with any third parties and are used solely for deciding when to retire SDKs/OS versions and to identify characteristics of major users so that we may optimize our application for those user types .
We do not ask you for , access , or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading our mobile application or services .
We do not tie any personally identifiable information you submit within our mobile application to any of the tracking technologies that we use .
This Site and our mobile application contain links to other websites .
Unfortunately , Go Daddy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites .
For Near.me and Online Advertising Users Only
When you enter your name , telephone number , email address , and/or questions/comments onto a Near.me site Online Advertising Page , you are granting Go Daddy express permission to share that information with the business owner that owns that Online Advertising Page .
Go Daddy is not responsible for improper use by business owners of your information .
Any telephone calls or emails initiated by you through the Near.me site will be used ( and in the case of telephone calls , recorded ) for marketing purposes .
If you do not agree to such use , do not initiate any telephone calls or emails through the Near.me site .
If you are a business owner that has created an Online Advertising Page to advertise your business , you will be prompted to enter information about your business , including your business name , business address , and business hours .
The business information that you enter will be publicly displayed on your Online Advertising Page .
This Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of the information under our control .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Please view our Secure Ordering page for further details .
We use emails to communicate with you , to confirm your placed orders , and to send information that you have requested .
We also provide email links , as on our `` About Go Daddy '' page , to allow you to contact us directly .
We strive to promptly reply to your messages .
The information you send to us may be stored and used to improve this Site , our mobile application , and our products , or it may be reviewed and discarded .
Third Party Service Providers
We may at times provide information about you to third parties to provide various services on our behalf , such as processing credit card payments , serving advertisements , conducting contests or surveys , performing analyses of our products or customer demographics , shipping of goods or services , and customer relationship management .
We will only share information about you that is necessary for the third party to provide the requested service .
These companies are prohibited from retaining , sharing , storing or using your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes .
In the event that we use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf , these companies may employ cookies and action tags ( also known as single pixel GIF or web beacons ) to measure advertising effectiveness .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous .
If you would like more information about this practice and your choices , click here .
We use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about use of this Site , such as how often users visit the Site , what pages they visit when they do so , and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site .
Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Site , rather than your name or other identifying information .
Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site .
This cookie can not be used by anyone but Google , Inc .
The information generated by the cookie will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
We use the information received from Google Analytics only to improve services on this Site .
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information .
Google 's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy .
You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Site by disabling the Google Analytics cookie on your browser .
For Website Builder Users Only
Website Builder incorporates the Google Places API .
Google 's ability to use and share information collected by the Google Places API is governed by the Google Privacy Policy .
In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the personally identifiable information you submit to us with information from third party sources ( e.g. , information from our strategic partners , service providers , or the United States Postal Service ) .
We do this to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our products and services to you , and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
From time-to-time , we may provide you with the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys .
If you choose to participate , we may request certain personally identifiable information from you .
Participation in these contests or surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information .
The requested information typically includes contact information ( such as name and address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code and age level - note that you must be 18 or above to enter ) .
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes , to monitor site traffic , and to personalize our Site .
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests .
When we do , that company will be prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice .
Go Daddy may display targeted offers to our customers based on the products currently owned by the customer .
These offers will display as varying product banners .
There is no personal or geolocation information collected within these product banners to build a profile about your activities or that is shared with third party advertising companies .
If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about our Site or mobile application , we ask the user for the friend 's name and email address .
Go Daddy will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit our Site .
Go Daddy stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
What Happens to my Personally Identifiable Information if I Terminate my Go Daddy Account
When your Go Daddy account is cancelled ( either voluntarily or involuntarily ) all of your personally identifiable information is placed in `` deactivated '' status on our relevant Go Daddy databases .
However , deactivation of your account does not mean your personally identifiable information has been deleted from our database entirely .
We will retain and use your personally identifiable information as necessary in order to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , or enforce our agreements .
You may alter , update or deactivate your account information or opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners at any time .
We have the following options for changing and modifying your account information or contact preferences .
You may visit your online Account Manager
You may send mail to Go Daddy at the following postal address :
14455 North Hayden Road , Suite 219 , Scottsdale , AZ . 85260 USA
You may call us at : ( 480 ) 505-8800
You may fax us at : ( 480 ) 505-8844
We will respond to your request for access or to modify or deactivate your information within thirty ( 30 ) days .
Transfer of Data Abroad
If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the country in which our servers are located , your communications with us may result in the transfer of information across international boundaries .
By visiting this Site and communicating electronically with us , you consent to such transfers .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including without limitation subpoenas ) , to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical .
We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN 's rules , regulations and policies .
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so , we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process .
Changes in Our Practices
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate , so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If we make material changes to this Policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page , at least thirty ( 30 ) days prior to the implementation of the changes .
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site or our mobile application , or your dealings with this Site or our mobile application , please contact us at :
ATTN : Web Team
Scottsdale , AZ , 85260 , U.S.A .
Copyright 2000-2013 GoDaddy.com , LLC All Rights Reserved .

Match.com , L.L.C. , as regards users originating from within the United States , and Match.com Global Services Limited , as regards users originating from outside the United States ( Match.com ) respects the privacy of its users and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect , how that information may be used , with whom it may be shared , and your choices about such uses and disclosures .
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us .
By using our website , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
Information we collect about you
We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ( `` personal information '' ) and other information that does not identify you .
We may collect this information through a website or a mobile application .
When you provide personal information through our website , the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world .
Information you provide .
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or on a mobile application , or provide to us in some other manner .
This includes identifying information , such as your name , address , email address , and telephone number , and , if you transact business with us , financial information such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) .
You may also provide us information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information such as your hometown or your username .
Information from other sources .
We may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties .
We may also receive information about our users from third party social platforms , such as Facebook .
When you access or use our website or mobile application through such a site , you allow us to access or collect information made available by the third party site in accordance with its privacy policy .
This information may be available from your profile or account with such site or from cookies placed on your device by the third party platform .
Information about others .
We may collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us , such as their name , address and email address .
If you use our website to send others ( friends , relatives , colleagues , etc . ) a product as a gift , we may store your personal information , and the personal information of each such recipient in order to process those requests or facilitate future activities .
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information .
We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our site or application .
Information collected automatically .
We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our website or application .
This information could include your IP address , device ID , your browser type and language , access times , the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us ( see `` Cookies '' below ) , and the referring website address .
Cookies and Use of Cookie Data .
When you visit our website or application , we may assign your device one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site , such as the pages you visit , the time and date of your visits , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our site .
During your visits to other websites or applications where we advertise , we ( or third parties ) may use certain data collected on our site to show you Match.com advertisements .
Although you may not opt out of receiving online advertisements generally , you may control the collection of data on our site used for targeted Match.com advertising during your visits to other websites .
To opt-out of Match.com data collection for targeted advertising on other sites , click here : Opt Out Now .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our site .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our site .
We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email messages to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website or application visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
Information collected by third-parties .
We may allow service providers , IAC companies , advertising companies and ad networks , and other third parties to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
We do not provide any non-anonymized personal information to these third parties .
How we use the information we collect
We may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver our products and services , and manage our business ;
manage your account and provide you with customer support ;
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our products , services , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ;
communicate with you by email , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , other IAC companies or other third parties ;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites , including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites ;
perform ad tracking and website or mobile application analytics ;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ;
enforce or exercise any rights in our terms and conditions ;
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection ; and
register you with and display your profile on other online dating and other social websites owned by IAC , such as websites operated by People Media , chemistry.com and okcupid.com .
We may use financial information or payment method to ( i ) process payment for any purchases made on our website or application , ( ii ) enroll you in the discount , rebate , and other programs in which you elect to participate , ( iii ) to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and ( iv ) otherwise as needed to manage our business .
If your personal information is submitted through our website when applying for a position with our company , the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application .
We may retain your personal information , but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions .
This information , which may include your name and contact information , prior education and experience , and other information you provided to us , may be shared with other IAC companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions , as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect , maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings .
Please review `` Your choices about collection and use of your information '' below .
In all circumstances , we may perform these functions directly or use a third party vendor to perform these functions on our behalf who will be obligated to use your personal information only to perform services for us .
Also , if you access our website or mobile applications from a third party social platform , such as Facebook , we may share non-personal information with that platform to the extent permitted by your agreement with it and its privacy settings .
With whom we share your information
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared .
We may share personal information with :
Service providers : We may share information , including personal information , with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , ad tracking and analytics , member screenings , supporting our website functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our site .
We may also share your name , contact information and credit card information with our service providers who process credit card payments .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
Business partners : When you register or make purchases on our website or click-through our advertisements offered on third party websites or applications , we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you the applicable products , services or any advertisements .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
Other IAC businesses .
We may share information we collect , including your profile and personal information such as your name and contact information , photos , interests , activities and transactions on our website , with IAC companies .
As part of our online service , your profile may be registered on and/or appear in search results or other areas of other online dating websites owned by IAC .
All IAC companies comply with the IAC Privacy Policy .
We also may disclose your information , including personal information :
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Aggregated and/or non-personal information .
We may share non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with IAC companies and third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our site and on websites or applications of third parties , and to analyze and report on advertising you see .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated , non-personal information , or personal information in hashed , non-human readable form , with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes .
For example , we may engage a data provider who may collect web log data from you ( including IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) , or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content .
The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us ( such as your email address ) , that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed , non-human readable form .
There are a number of places on our website where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on our website , you may be taken to a website that we do not control .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those websites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting .
How you can access your information
If you have an online account with us , you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account and clicking on your account settings .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
If you have an online account with us , you also may close your account at any time by visiting the `` Account Settings '' page for your account .
If you close your account , we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity , as well as to prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , enforce our terms and conditions , take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users , or take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
In addition , if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy , retention of that information will be subject to those third parties ' policies .
Your choices about collection and use of your information
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our site because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions .
When you register on our site , you consent to receive email messages from us .
You may modify this consent later by visiting the `` Account Settings '' page associated with your account .
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails from us by visiting the `` Account Settings '' page associated with your account .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial email that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request .
We may send you transactional and relationship emails , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Please note that changing information in your account , or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications , will only affect future activities or communications from us .
If we have already provided your information to a third party ( such as a service provider ) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information , you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party .
Our applications may also deliver notifications to your phone or mobile device .
You can disable these notifications in your device 's settings in your Match.com account under Account Settings or by deleting the relevant application .
You can also control information collected by cookies .
See `` Cookies '' below for information about declining or deleting cookies .
How we protect your personal information
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email .
Information you provide about yourself while using our service
We provide areas on our site where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others or upload content such as photographs .
Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Although our website is a general audience site , we restrict the use of our service to individuals age 18 and above .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Visiting our websites from outside the United States
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy .
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
We recommend that you check our site from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies .
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us by email or postal mail as follows :
Match.com , L.L.C .
Dallas , Texas 75225
All rights reserved .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's device for record keeping purposes .
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our site .
A persistent cookie remains on your device for an extended period of time .
Cookies on our site do not link to or store your personal information .
For example , when you sign in to our website , we will record your user or member ID and the name associated with your user or member ID in the cookie file on your computer .
We also may record your password in this cookie file , if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in .
For security purposes , we encrypt account-related data that we store in such cookies .
In the case of sites and services that do not use a user or member ID , the cookie will contain a unique identifier .
We may allow our service providers to serve cookies from our website or application to allow them to assist us in various activities , such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site , content and advertising .
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings .
( Click `` Help '' in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions . )
If you do so , some of the features and services of our website may not function properly .
We may allow third-parties , including advertising companies , analytics companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements or our website or mobile applications .
We do not provide any personal information to these third parties , but they may collect information about where you , or others who are using your device , saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver ( such as click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc . ) , and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites or other data they have collected .
They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party 's privacy policy .
This policy covers the use of cookies by Match.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Opting-Out of Advertising Cookies .
You may opt out of our data collection for use by third party ad companies to provide targeted Match.com advertising to you when you visit other sites .
Cookies are unique to each device .
Therefore , you must opt out separately on all devices you use .
If you delete all of your cookies ( specifically , the `` Opt-Out '' cookie ) , you will have to go through the opt-out process again to reactivate your opted-out status .
You can opt out of receiving such advertising-related cookies by clicking below :
Opt Out Now .
Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies .
Unlike cookies which are stored on the user 's device , web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages ( or in email ) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website .
Third parties may use anonymous information about your visits to our site and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .

The protection of such data is guaranteed by state of the art technology .
With your consent your personal data are captured , stored and used for the purposes explained in this declaration .
You can view and change the data submitted by you in your user account .
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with future effect .
Personal data are captured when you register with DocCheck to obtain your free password and while you use the services offered by DocCheck .
When you register you enter your data into the boxes of the application form .
Mandatory data are marked as such .
These include , for example , first name and surname , date of birth , occupation , specialisation , area of activity , address , type of address , email address .
Without these mandatory data DocCheck is unable to verify your affiliation to the respective circles of medical experts .
Any proof of affiliation to a circle of medical experts that you submit to DocCheck will be stored online or offline with a link to your user profile .
If you choose not to enter such mandatory data you will be unable to use the non-public section of the website and certain services .
Utilisation of specific services ( e.g . DocCheck Jobs , customer account , DocCheck Pro ) requires additional data , such as banking details .
These data are also provided by you .
If you choose not to enter certain data you may find utilisation of certain services restricted .
When you enter your DocCheck password we capture your user ID , you IP address , the ID of partner websites where you have logged in as well as the date .
These data are captured for security purposes and kept for two weeks .
They are also used to compile anonymous statistics for improving our services .
We do not compile personal utilisation profiles which show your individual habits when accessing our websites .
The anonymous statistics do not allow conclusions as for the identity of a person .
Personal data are stored on DocCheck 's servers and protected , among others by firewalls , against alterations and interference by unauthorised third parties .
Data are exclusively processed within the company and are not handled by any third parties .
Documents furnished as proof are stored electronically or as hard copy , depending in which format they were submitted .
Your personal data are used when you enter the DocCheck services offered in the non-public section of the website ( e.g . community , job market , blogs etc . ) .
Other DocCheck users are then able to see the following data : First name and surname , postal address , date of birth , job title and any other information that you have entered yourself and unblocked for all users .
Your personal data are also published outside of DocCheck .
You can partially deactivate visibility of your data and their traceability by search engines .
In principle , however , such data are publicly accessible and traceable ( e.g . your contributions to blogs , your DocCheck Jobs profile and your content in other DocCheck services ) .
Within the DocCheck services your email address is the means to ensure communication between DocCheck and you .
After you have registered with DocCheck and furnished proof of your professional capacity we will send you emails containing information on a range of services : health sector news as part of a web magazine ( DocCheck News ) , pharmaceutical and health care sector news and products , including related products and services ( DocCheck Business Mail ) , job offers posted on DocCheck Jobs ( DocCheck JobMail ) , news on new DocCheck protected websites ( DocCheck SiteSeeing ) , services of the DocCheck portal , e.g . DocCheck 's web services , or news on items offered by the DocCheck Shop , on DocCheck Load or DocCheck Pro .
Upon registration you agree to receive these emails .
Sending the emails , the despatch date , opening of the mails and clicking on links included in the emails is recorded in an anonymous form .
These data are deleted after 30 days .
Upon registration you agree to participate in certain additional DocCheck services ( online surveys , online market research ) .
After registration you are of course free to limit or withdraw your consent .
If you want to participate in online surveys or market research your data are used by DocCheck to select potential candidates for a survey or a market research project .
Selected candidates are then invited and have to give their explicit consent to participate .
If additional personal data are captured , used and stored as part of a study conducted online , such data are evaluated anonymously .
Identification of a specific person is not possible .
Product information and advertisements may also be delivered by post to the address given by you upon registration .
You agree to receive such advertising mail .
Passing on of data
Your personal data will not be passed on or transferred to third parties , whether persons or companies , unless you have consented to such transmission or have instructed DocCheck to do so due to the request by a public authority or due to legal stipulations .
When you make use of website services which are offered by third party service providers , data will only be transferred to the extent which is necessary for rendering such services , or if you have explicitly agreed to such transfer .
When using the DocCheck Shop , data which is needed to process your order will be transferred to DocCheck Medical Requirements and Logistics GmbH .
The data in question are name , address and contact information , i.e . your telephone number .
When you participate in online surveys or market research conducted from time to time your personal data will be handed to the respective organiser only in an anonymous form , which will make it impossible to identify any specific person .
You will be notified if it is necessary to make your data available for legal reasons ( e.g . when participating in case series or reports on side-effects ) .
You need to enter your username and password for registration and utilisation of non-public website areas of pharmaceutical companies which use the DocCheck identification service .
This registration procedure takes place on the DocCheck servers and no data are transferred to the respective companies .
When personal data have to be made available to such companies as part of your utilisation of their websites ( e.g . in DocCheck staff ) , this will take be done only with your explicit consent to transfer the requested data in full or parts thereof .
No data are transferred before your consent has been obtained .
In the event that electronic publications from the DocCheck Load service are passed on without authorisation , or if suspicions of this kind exist , DocCheck has the right to hand personal user data to the holder of rights if it is necessary for the purpose of instituting legal action .
In your user account you can view the data which you entered for registration at any time .
You can also change or delete your data at any time .
Deleting your data means that you will no longer be able to use your DocCheck user account or your DocCheck password .
Cookies are employed in some places of the public and non-public area of the website .
They are tiny identification text files which are installed through your web browser on your computer 's hard disk for the longer term ( permanent cookies ) or temporarily in the PC 's memory ( temporary cookies ) .
Their function is to improve utilisation of DocCheck services or to assist with your further identification after you have logged into the non-public area of the website .
Further identification means that you do not have log in repeatedly as you continue using this website area , and your data is kept safe even if you lose your entries into a form of several pages .
Apart from that we employ cookies with coded information about profession , specialisation and area of activity in order to be able to adapt advertising within the setting of our services to your personal interests .
You can change your browser settings to block the storage of cookies or to receive notification when a cookie is installed .
If you allow cookies only within limits or not at all you may not be able to use the full extent of the website or specific services .
This website uses Google Analytics , a web analysis service of Google Inc .
( Google ) .
Google Analytics employs cookies , i.e . text files which are stored on your computer .
The manner in which you use the website can be analysed with the help of cookies .
The information gathered by cookies on your usage of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the US and stored there .
If IP anonymization on this website is activated , however , Google will immediately shorten your IP address in the member countries of the European Union and in other countries which have signed the agreement on the European Economic Area .
Only in exceptional cases will a complete IP address be transferred to a Google server in the US and shortened there .
If instructed by the operator of this website Google uses the information gathered to evaluate your usage of the website in order to compile reports on website activities and to render further services regarding usage of the site and the internet in general to the operator of the website .
The IP address , obtained by Google Analytics from your browser , will not be combined with other Google data .
You are able to block the installation of cookies by changing your browser settings accordingly ; please note , however , that this may prevent you from having full use of this website .
IP anonymization is activated on this website .
Our website uses the scalable central measurement method ( SZM ) by INFOnline for establishing statistical parameters for the utilisation of our products .
Anonymous readings are captured for this purpose .
For recognising computer systems the measurement method for range uses either a cookie with the code ivwbox.de or a signature which combines various pieces of information transferred automatically by your computer .
This procedure does not store any IP addresses and processes them only in an anonymous form .
Data protection was taken into account when the measurement method for range was developed .
The aim of range measurement is to statistically establish the intensity of utilisation and the number of users of a website .
Individual users are not identified at any stage .
User identity always remains protected .
Users do not receive any advertisements through this system .
Utilisation statistics for web products which are part of the Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbetrgern e.V .
Apart from publishing measurement data IVW monitors the SZM procedure in terms of utilisation which conforms to rules and data security .
INFOnline GmbH operates the SZM procedure .
You can object to data processing by SZM through this link .
We use Omniture SiteCatalyst , an analysis service by Adobe Inc .
Among others we employ SiteCatalyst to measure and analyse page preferences , traffic patterns on our websites , reference pages and search engines as well as success and drop-out rates of campaigns .
As part of its analyses Site Catalyst uses cookies , tiny text files which are installed on your computer .
In addition , ClearGifs ( sometimes also called Web Beacons ) are used in combination with cookies .
ClearGifs ( Graphics Interchange Format ) or Web Beacons are a type of transparent image format file of usually 1x1 pixel on websites .
SiteCatalyst allows us to better understand the interaction of users with our websites .
We also process IP addresses through SiteCatalyst , which are disguised by the system , however .
They are transferred to the systems of Adobe in the US or in other countries at regular intervals .
A cookie will be installed on your computer for this purpose .
These internet pages use plug-ins of the facebook.com social network which is operated by Facebook Inc. , 1601 S California Ave , Palo Alto , CA 94304 USA ( Facebook ) .
When you enter a site containing a plug-in , your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers .
Facebook transfers the plug-in content directly to your browser which in turn ties it into the website .
By incorporating plug-ins Facebook receives the information that you have entered the respective page of our website .
If you are also logged into Facebook at that time , your visit to our site is allocated to your Facebook account .
By interacting with the plug-ins ( e.g . clicking the like button or adding commentary ) your browser also transfers that information directly to Facebook , where it is stored .
If you want to prevent this you have to log out of Facebook before you enter our pages .
For more details on the purpose and extent of data captured by Facebook , how it is processed and used , as well as your rights and possibilities to protect your privacy please see Facebook 's information on data protection .
DocCheck has no influence on how your data are captured , processed and used by Facebook .
We have integrated opportunities for interaction with the Google Plus social network by Google Inc. ( 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway , Mountain View , CA 94043 , USA ) into our websites , in particular the +1 button which is recognisable by its symbol .
When you enter one of our sites containing such a button , your browser establishes a direct connection to the Google servers , and your browser ties the button 's content into the website .
Without further interaction Google does not capture your data unless you are logged in with Google+ .
If you are logged in , Google+ will among other things capture and process/use your IP address and allocate it to your account .
The same applies if you actively use the +1 button .
DocCheck has no influence on how your data are captured , processed and used by
If , as member of Google+ , you want to prevent that Google captures your data and allocates such data to your Google+ account when you enter one of our internet pages bearing a +1 button , you have to log out of Google+ before you enter our website .
Our webpages also contain functions of the Twitter service operated by Twitter Inc. , 795 Folsom Street , Suite 600 , San Francisco , CA 94107 , USA .
They are recognisable by the Twitter symbol .
When you enter our websites while using Twitter functions our sites are allocated to your Twitter account and published there , transferring additional data to Twitter .
DocCheck has no influence on this data transfer .
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the utilisation of your personal data , stored by DocCheck , at any time with future effect .
Your data will be deleted immediately unless storage and utilisation of certain data is permitted in order to render a service or process an order or as a result of legal stipulations .
Changes to this privacy declaration
DocCheck reserves the right to change this privacy at any time , while adhering to legal stipulations , and if necessary will make such changes public in a suitable manner .
If necessary , DocCheck may also ask for your consent to change this privacy declaration .

This website ( `` Site '' ) is owned and operated by Elsevier B.V. , Radarweg 29 , 1043 NX Amsterdam , The Netherlands , Reg .
No . 33156677 , BTW No .
NL005033019B01 ( `` Elsevier '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) .
We are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to the information we collect from you .
This privacy policy sets forth what information we collect about you , how we use your information , and the choices you have about how we use your information .
Collection of Information Provided By Your Browser and Through Use of Cookies
This Site automatically collects information on our server logs from your web browser regarding your use of the Site .
Examples of information we collect automatically from all users include the Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version , operating system , and platform ; and full Uniform Resource Locator ( `` URL '' ) click stream data , including date and time , and content you viewed or searched for on the Site .
This Site also collects information through the use of `` cookies . ''
Cookies are anonymous , unique alphanumeric identifiers sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being stored on your computer is specific to your computer .
We use `` session '' cookies to collect information about your use of the Site ( e.g. , whether you are logged in ) and to give you a more personalized browsing experience and help you navigate the Site more efficiently from page to page .
These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser .
We use `` persistent '' cookies to gather statistical information about repeat usage from your computer or workstation .
We collect and use , and may from time to time supply third parties with , this information only as anonymous , collective or aggregated user data for the purposes of usage analysis , quality control and administering and improving the Site .
You can prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or disable cookies altogether by accessing your browser 's preferences menu .
If you choose to disable cookies altogether , you can use the Site but will not be able to register , login to the Site with a personal User Name and Password , or make use of the advanced personalization features of the Site , although the basic features and functionality offered to unregistered users of the Site will be possible to use .
Collection and Registration of Personal Information
We sometimes request users of the Site to provide personal information .
The information collected from a user is strictly voluntary and may include contact information such as the user 's name , email address , and postal address .
In order to access certain content and to make use of the full functionality and advanced personalization features of the Site such as alerts , saved searches , and search history , we ask you to register and obtain a personal User Name and Password .
You may be prompted to register when you :
Choose the `` Register '' link from the home page or login screens
Create an email alert or save a search
The information collected from the registration form that is presented to users when they choose to register may include contact information such as the user 's name , email address , postal address , work setting , profession , principal professional field and country ( `` Registration Information '' ) .
The Registration Information is linked directly to a personal User Name and Password chosen by the user and can only be retrieved by supplying the correct User Name and Password that is linked to that profile .
How Personal Information Is Used
We use the personal information that you provide for such purposes as :
Completion and support of the activity for which the information was provided , such as allowing access to or delivery of our products or services , processing or fulfilling an order , or responding to your requests or inquiries ;
Website and system administration , such as for the technical support of the Site and its computer system , including processing computer account information , information used in the course of securing and maintaining the Site , and verification of Site activity by the Site or its agents ;
Tailoring or customizing content or design of the Site during a single visit to the Site and individualized personalization of the Site on repeat visits ;
Research and development to enhance , evaluate and improve the Site and our services ;
Pseudonymous analysis to create a profile used to determine the habits , interests or other characteristics of users for purposes of research , analysis and anonymous reporting ; and
Communicating with you about changes or updates to the Site and our services and , with your consent , special offers , promotions or market research surveys .
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
Access to your personal information is restricted to our employees , agents , representatives and service providers , such as our data processing operations , and entities for whom we are acting as an agent , licensee or publisher , such as societies and our affiliated group companies , for the purposes set forth above .
Your personal information may be used by all of our trading names and transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) , including to the United States , for processing .
These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA .
If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way , we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected .
In addition , if you access the Site while you are outside of the EEA , your information may be transferred outside of the EEA in order to provide you with such access .
If you are an authorized user of an institution with a license agreement with us , your Registration Information and unsubscribed content usage activity statistics may be shared with your institution 's librarian ( s ) and/or administrator ( s ) for the purposes of usage analysis , quality control and administering and improving the Site .
With your consent , we also may share your personal information with our affiliated group companies located both inside and outside of the EEA in Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , India , Japan , Malaysia , New Zealand , Philippines , Russia , Singapore , South Korea , Switzerland , Taiwan and the United States and/or with non-affiliated third parties located inside and outside of the EEA that wish to send you information about their products and services that may be of interest to you , and users who have consented to receive such information may receive communications from these third parties .
If you wish us to pass your personal information to such third parties , please tick the appropriate check box when you register or amend your preferences by logging in and clicking on the relevant `` My Profile '' link at any time .
We will not otherwise disclose any personal information without your consent except under the following circumstances :
in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims ;
if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , safety of person or property , violation of our policies , or as otherwise required by law ; and
if Elsevier , this Site , or a related asset or line of business is acquired by , transferred to or merged with another company .
Access and Changes to Your Registration Information and Preferences
Registered users may access their identified contact information and other Registration Information and correct any discrepancies or update information by clicking on the relevant `` My Profile '' link at any time .
The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user .
No access is given to other data that may have been collected about users .
If you wish to receive alerts , newsletters , special offers or promotions from us , please tick the appropriate check box when you register or amend your preferences by logging in and clicking on the relevant `` My Profile '' link at any time .
If you wish to cease receiving any of this information , amend your preferences either by logging in and clicking on the relevant `` My Profile '' link , by notifying our e-Helpdesk , or by using the `` opt-out '' or unsubscribe option or other means provided within the communications you receive .
We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Site whenever necessary .
We contract with third-party advertisers and their agents that post on the Site banner ads , which may link to other websites not under our control .
These third-party advertisers and their agents may use cookie technology to measure the effectiveness of their ads or may otherwise collect personally identifiable information from you when you leave this site .
We are not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products or other materials offered from such advertisers and their agents .
Transactions that occur between you and the third party are strictly between you and the third party and are not our responsibility .
You should review the privacy policy of any third-party advertiser and its agent , as their policies may differ from ours .
Retention of Personal Information
We retain the personal information we collect from you for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting our e-Helpdesk .
Our Commitment to Data Security
We recognize that your privacy is important to you , and therefore we endeavor to keep your personal information confidential .
The personal and demographic information about each user is stored on servers that are behind a firewall and physically housed within a secured data center .
Furthermore , our internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of such information .
However , we do not represent , warrant , or guarantee that your personal information will be protected against unauthorized access , loss , misuse , or alterations , and do not accept any liability for the security of such information submitted to us nor for your or third parties ' use or misuse of such information .
About This Privacy Policy
The foregoing is the current privacy policy of the Site .
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice .
Any changes to this policy will be posted on this webpage .
Our policy does not create a contract or any legal rights .
This privacy policy applies solely to the information you provide while visiting this Site .
The terms of this privacy policy do not govern personal information furnished through any means other than this Site ( such as via telephone or postal mail ) .
This Site may contain links to other web sites that are beyond our control .
Other web sites to which you link may contain privacy policies that are different from this privacy policy .
We encourage you to check the privacy policy of each web site you visit before submitting any information to them .
Questions , Complaints , and Dispute Resolution
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy , please contact our e-Helpdesk .
If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to this privacy policy or you have a complaint regarding the way your personal information is being handled , please contact our e-Helpdesk .
Disputes under this privacy policy will be resolved by our e-Helpdesk , which will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly investigate and , if necessary , to correct any problem .

WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information .
How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage .
In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page .
Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program
Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union .
To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets .
When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer .
Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request .
Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission .
Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 .
See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) .
Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business .
For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links .
Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer .
Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies .
Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services .
YOUR ABILITY TO EDIT AND DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time .
New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time .
Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page .
Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Yahoo may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at :
Yahoo ! Inc .
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
Sunnyvale , CA 94089
( 408 ) 349-5070
If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance .

Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of our users , and strives to provide a safe , secure user experience .
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use online data .
By using this site or application , you explicitly accept the collection , use and transfer of your data as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not want your information to be collected , used , and transferred as described by this policy , you may revoke your consent to our Privacy Policy .
To revoke your consent , please click here to contact us .
If you do revoke your consent , your account and profile information will be deleted .
We share information with employers .
We are unable to control their use of your data .
We also do not control the data use practices of either ( a ) those who access your information on or through our sites and applications or ( b ) ad networks and other third parties with whom we work to serve you personalized ads .
Information collected on our sites and applications is stored in whole or in part in the United States ; therefore , your information may become subject to U.S. law .
We self-certify compliance with :
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Scope of this Policy
This policy applies to information we collect on sites and applications owned or controlled by Monster Worldwide , Inc. or its affiliated companies ( `` Monster '' ) .
Affiliated companies are entities that control , are controlled by or are under common control with Monster Worldwide , Inc .
We link to other websites over which we have no control .
Monster is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites .
You may wish to review the privacy policies of those sites so you can understand how they collect , use and share your information .
We collect information about you when you use our sites and applications .
For example , depending on the services you use , we collect :
Contact information such as address , email address , telephone number
Credit card number and billing information ( for services requiring payment )
Information about your education , occupation , skills and experience , awards , memberships and affiliations , activities and interests
Information imported by you or your connections from third party applications
Information about third parties , such as references or contacts , that you provide to us if you have their express written consent to do so
Your ZIP code , postal code , preferences , occupation , career history , interests and favorites
Your age , gender , race or ethnicity , if permitted by local law and you choose to provide it
We automatically collect information about how you use our sites and mobile applications , the areas of our site that you visit , as well as information about your computer or mobile device including your IP address , device ID , physical location , browser and operating system type , and referring URLs .
This information is necessary for providing personalized and location-based content as well as for analyzing the use of resources , troubleshooting problems , preventing fraud , and improving our services .
We may combine this information with information in your account to help prevent fraud .
If you choose to login with Facebook or similar sites , we import the information that you choose to share with us by installing the application or logging into that platform or site , and we make it part of your profile .
Because Monster sites and applications are intended to allow you to share your information and to allow others to find you , we make certain information about you publicly available by default .
Such information may , for example , be accessed by everyone on the Internet , including users without accounts , and may appear in public search engine search results .
However , you can control the visibility of your information by managing your privacy settings .
You can also restrict the information available to others by deleting information you do not want visible or by not providing it at all .
When you post information on another user 's profile or comment on another user 's post , the public availability of that information will be subject to the other user 's privacy settings .
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect to provide our services , respond to you , operate and improve our sites and applications , and foster a positive user experience .
Our services include the display of personalized products , content , and advertising relating to your career experience and interests , either on our site or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
By registering with Monster , by managing your profile , or by opting in when presented with choices , you have consented for us to use your information in the following ways :
to create a profile for you based on information that you have provided to us , information imported from other sites or applications , or information provided to us by third parties such as your contacts or advertisers ;
to provide personalized , targeted , or location-based content , services , and advertising from us and third parties ;
to allow you to contact other users or to invite others to join or create and account ;
to allow you to import information about yourself or your contacts from other sites or applications or to export your information to other sites or applications ;
to make purchases ;
to contact you about feature updates , informational and service-related communications , including important security updates ;
to provide you with additional communications , information , and promotions such as newsletters and career advice ;
to inform you of other products or services available from Monster or its affiliates ;
to enable you to contact us and for us to respond to you to conduct surveys , promotions and contests , and to publish the results thereof ;
to help your friends , contacts , and potential employers find your profile and connect with you ;
to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers ;
to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process ;
to provide products and services that enable users to network , post information on bulletin boards , view and compare profiles ;
to generate internal reports about the use of our sites and applications ;
to allow you to share jobs and profile information with your connections ;
to give search engines access to public information ;
to detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal ; and
to make suggestions and draw inferences about you .
For example , we may make suggestions about people you may know or additional jobs , products or services that might be of interest to you .
Or , if you identify yourself as `` Mrs. '' we will assume you are female .
Some of our products and services , such as our searchable resume database and networking , enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you .
Profile information may be used for networking with other community members or may be visible to employers who are using Monster sites and applications .
Information you post in public areas of Monster sites or applications or place in the searchable resume database may be accessed , used , and stored by others around the world , including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence .
While Monster takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use , Monster does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you give to us .
Accordingly , you should not post sensitive information , personality profiles , or any other information you would not want made public , to any Monster site or application .
We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities , products or services of a particular third party .
We show you targeted ads on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
These ads are targeted based on information we collect about you and information about you we acquire from third parties .
How We Share Information
One of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your resume and profile widely in order to maximize your career opportunities .
The information we gather may be shared within the Monster group of companies on a worldwide basis .
We do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure .
We disclose your information as set forth below :
We share your information with third parties who help deliver our products and services to you .
Examples include hosting our web servers , including resume database storage , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These companies will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions , but they may not use that data for any other purpose .
We will remain responsible for any information shared in this way .
We may disclose information to third parties if you consent .
( a ) if you make your resume searchable , then all parties with access to our searchable resume database will have access to your resume ;
( b ) if you opt in to receive information about the opportunities , products , or services of third parties , we supply your contact information to those third parties so they may contact you ;
( c ) if you previously chose to receive newsletters , commercial e-mails or other communications from Monster or third parties , but subsequently change your mind , you may opt out in those emails or by editing your account profile as described above .
By applying to a job or providing your contact information to show interest in a job , you consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer .
We also share aggregated information ( including location data ) about Monster site visitors and application users with third parties to serve advertisements to you on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
We may also aggregate data regarding job qualifications , schooling , age , experience level or other information relevant to the job search .
This aggregated data does not identify users individually , and may be made available to employers or fellow job seekers or community members .
If we create a co-branded site with another company , information will be retained by both companies and subject to the privacy policies of both companies which will be published on the co-branded sites .
We disclose information if legally required to do so , or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith after considering your privacy interests and other factors that such action is necessary to : ( a ) meet legal requirements or comply with legal process ; ( b ) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies ; ( c ) prevent a crime or protect national security ; or ( d ) protect the personal safety of users or the public .
We may disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires any or all of Monster 's business units , whether such acquisition is by way of merger , consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets .
In addition , in the event Monster becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding , such information will be disposed of in a transaction approved by the court .
You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the site .
An Important Note About Your Resume
When you create or post a resume , we store it in our searchable resume database in the United States .
You may control the status of your resume by setting it to visible , limited , or private .
Visible and limited resumes can be found by anyone with access to our resume database .
We can not control the retention , use or privacy of resumes that have been viewed or downloaded by others .
Private resumes will not be searchable in our resume database .
You may still use your private resume to apply online to a job .
If you do , your resume will be transferred to the relevant employer , who may retain a copy of your resume or distribute it to third parties .
We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers , recruiters , hiring managers , headhunters and human resource professionals , but can not guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database .
We can not control the use made of resumes by third parties who access the resume database .
Once your resume has been disclosed , Monster is not able to retrieve it from the third parties who accessed it .
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time .
However anyone who viewed your resume may have kept a copy of it in their own files or databases .
Accordingly , you should not put sensitive information , personality profiles , or other information you would not want made public , in your resume .
If you provide us with details of a reference , it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so .
Resumes you give to us must not contain sensitive data relating to your ( i ) racial or ethnic origin ( ii ) political beliefs ( iii ) philosophical or religious beliefs ( iv ) membership of a trade union or political party ( v ) physical or mental health or biometric details or genetic makeup ( vi ) addictions , sexual life ( vii ) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines , ( viii ) the commission of any unlawful or objectionable conduct and associated penalties , or ( ix ) any Social Security Number or national identification number .
If your resume does contain this information , then you agree that it is at your own risk .
We can not control third parties ' access to such information from our searchable database .
How We Store Information
Because managing your career is a life-long process , we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make repeat use of our sites more efficient , practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below .
You may access , review , correct , update , change or delete your profile or resume at any time .
Log into your account , go to your profile or resume , and make the desired changes .
Access to or correction , update , or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person 's rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law .
If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether , please click here to contact us .
We will send you an email to confirm that your personal information has been deleted ( save for an archival copy which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet ) .
The archival copy is retained only for as long as needed for audit and record purposes .
We will also keep logs and information that may relate to your activity on the site .
We will respond to information access requests without undue delay of receipt and in any event within 30 days .
If we require additional time to provide access to your information , we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law .
If you are a job seeker with a public resume and have not logged onto Monster for an extended period , we may make your resume unsearchable .
Separately , and regardless of your resume privacy setting , if you do not log into your account for a significant period of time , it will expire and be scheduled for deletion .
Expired accounts are deleted on a periodic basis .
Our current expiration period is approximately 36 months ; we may extend or reduce this period in order to adjust to changing hiring patterns .
If we change the period , we will update this notice .
You will always receive an email from us before we delete your resume in this manner .
You are responsible for keeping your username and password secret .
Monster takes appropriate measures to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure .
However , the Internet is an open system and we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
You can find additional information on conducting a safe job search in our Security Center .
You should be aware that resumes may be monitored by your current employer .
When you place an order online at Monster , your credit card information is encrypted with industry standard encryption .
This makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted .
Monster uses a service company to process its credit card transactions .
For further information on this company 's privacy and security practices , please click here .
Monster is not intended for , nor do we knowingly collect information from , children under the age of 13 .
Safe Harbor and International Transfers
Monster complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Monster has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
If you would like to contact us directly about the Safe Harbor program , please contact us .
Monster Worldwide , Inc. , and Monster Worldwide Technologies , LLC are members of the TRUSTe privacy seal program , the TRUSTe E.U .
Safe Harbor seal program and the TRUSTe dispute resolution program .
The TRUSTe programs cover only information collected through Monster and where the TRUSTe logo appears , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from Monster .
If you live outside the European Economic Area , Monster endeavors to comply with applicable law for the international transfer of your personal information .
Monster Worldwide , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements .
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to materially change the substance of this Privacy Policy , we will , where required , contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile .
We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the site .
Your data is submitted to Monster Worldwide , Inc. and is hosted and stored in a database on servers situated in the United States owned and maintained by Monster Worldwide Technologies , LLC , a Delaware corporation , whose principal place of business is at 622 Third Avenue , New York 10017 , New York , USA .
Monster Worldwide , Inc. , a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 5 Clock Tower Place , Maynard , MA 01754 , USA , is the legal entity determining the purposes and means of processing the information gathered on Monster sites and applications and is the data controller of all data stored in the Monster database .
If , at any time , you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please contact us online or at :
Monster Worldwide , Inc .
5 Clock Tower Place
Maynard , MA 01754
We will use reasonable efforts to promptly answer your question or resolve your problem .
If you feel we have not properly addressed your question , you may contact TRUSTe
Notice to California Residents : For more information on your California privacy rights , click here .
Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and JavaScript
Cookies : Monster uses `` cookies '' to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online , including for storing user preferences , improving search results and ad selection , and tracking user trends .
A cookie is a text file stored on your computer .
Cookies store bits of information that we use to help make our site work .
They ca n't run any code and do n't contain viruses .
No one can read our cookies except us .
We use cookies to improve your experience on our sites .
We use the following types of cookies :
Security : These cookies allow us to secure access to your account .
Preference : These cookies are used to store your preferences like language choice and display of job search results .
Analytics : We track traffic patterns so we can identify popular content and potential problems .
Features : We track which jobs you search for , view , and apply to so we can show you more jobs like those .
We also use cookies to split some users into test groups to test new features .
Advertising : We use non-identifiable information about you to show you advertising .
Some cookies will remain on your computer after you have left our site .
Security cookies will remain for 60 days after your last visit .
Poll response cookies will remain for 90 days , and Monster cookies relating to advertisements and site notices will remain for up to two years .
We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are using our sites and applications .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies ' servers , these companies can view , edit or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Monster has no control over , and is not responsible for , the practices of those third party advertisers .
The data stored in these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission .
The cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years unless you choose to delete them .
Advertising Opt Out : Monster uses several third parties to help provide analytics services and to serve advertisements , including DoubleClick , Atlas Solutions and Omniture .
Click here to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads .
You can opt out of third party cookies by setting your browser to decline cookies .
Monster does not respond to web browser do not track signals .
You can opt out of targeted advertising from networks Monster works with by clicking here .
We also use cookies in connection with our Career Ad Network ( `` CAN '' ) .
The CAN cookie is used to display relevant job ads to you on Monster and when you visit other websites .
Please note if you delete your browser cookies , your opt-out cookie will also be deleted .
Additionally , if you change computers or web browsers , you will need to opt out again .
Monster also uses `` Flash cookies '' , also known as `` Local Shared Objects '' , to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes .
You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here .
Web Beacons and JavaScript : Monster uses web beacons ( sometimes called pixels , clear gifs or action tags ) and JavaScript to collect information about users ' visits to our sites and applications , measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings , and deliver co-branded services .
They help us compile aggregated statistics about site usage .
Web beacons are built into the page and can not be refused .
However , they can be rendered ineffective by opting out of cookies .
JavaScript can be deactivated via your browser settings .
If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website .
Social Media and Content Sharing
Social Media Widgets : Our site includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button and widgets , such as the Share This button .
These features may collect your IP address and the page on our site you are visiting and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Referrals : If you choose to use our service to share site content with a friend , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Monster Worldwide , Inc. temporarily stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .

IRCTC respects and protects the privacy of the individuals who use IRCTC 's services .
Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission , as explained in this privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) .
A cookie is apiece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more .
We do this by storing user preferences in cookie sand by tracking user trends and patterns of how people transact on our site .
IRCTC will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant or court order .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of our services may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
What Information Do We Collect ? : Except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information , we do not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email address , etc . ) .
IRCTC notes and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each query .
This information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users .
Other parties , such as those advertising on our pages or those advertising thorough our envelopes carrying tickets are also in no way under the control or influence of IRCTC .
These other sites /parties may send their own cookies / messages to users , collect data , or solicit personal information .
Our users may give such information or data only at their personal discretion .
With Whom Does IRCTC Share Information ? : IRCTC will not share your personal data with advertisers , business partners , sponsors , and other third parties without your express consent .
However , we may divulge aggregate information about our users .
Please be aware , however , that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant , court order etc .
IRCTC may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we do , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Who can I ask if I have additional questions ? : Do contact us at 24X7 Hrs .
Customer Support at 011-39340000 .

We , at 'Info Edge India Limited ' and our affiliated companies worldwide , are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) you share with us .
`` Personal Information '' means any information that may be used to identify an individual , including , but not limited to , a first and last name , a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information , whether at work or at home .
In general , you can visit Info Edge India Limited 's Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize `` cookies '' and other tracking technologies .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file that may be used , for example , to collect information about Web site activity .
Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user .
Most browsers allow you to control cookies , including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them .
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie , or you may choose to block cookies with your browser , but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies , you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site .
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names ; Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses ; browser software and operating system types ; clickstream patterns ; and dates and times that our site is accessed .
Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience .
We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics .
'Info Edge India Limited ' may provide information , including Personal Information , that 'Info Edge India Limited ' collects on the Web to third-party service providers to help us deliver programs , products , information , and services .
Service providers are also an important means by which 'Info Edge India Limited ' maintains its Web site and mailing lists .
'Info Edge India Limited ' will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on Info Edge India Limited 's behalf .
'Info Edge India Limited ' does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on Info Edge India Limited 's behalf unless such transfer is legally required .
Similarly , it is against Info Edge India Limited 's policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent .
By using this Web site , you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to Info Edge India Limited 's processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where 'Info Edge India Limited ' collects Personal Information on the Web .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services .
For more information , please see the help pages for each service .
'Info Edge India Limited ' will not contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent 's permission .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
'Info Edge India Limited ' does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people ( save with your consent ) or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with 'Info Edge India Limited ' under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help 'Info Edge India Limited ' communicate with you about offers from 'Info Edge India Limited ' and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Info Edge India Limited 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if 'Info Edge India Limited ' is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , 'Info Edge India Limited ' will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
'Info Edge India Limited ' displays targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
'Info Edge India Limited ' does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
'Info Edge India Limited ' advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) .
'Info Edge India Limited ' works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business .
For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
`` We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with the laws prevalent in India to protect personal information about you .
We seek to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Information Technology Act , 2000 and Rules made thereunder to ensure the protection and preservation of your privacy .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
'Info Edge India Limited ' reserves the right to update , change or modify this policy at any time .
The policy shall come to effect from the date of such update , change or modification .
Info Edge India Ltd does not store or keep credit card data in a location that is accessible via the Internet .
Once a credit card transaction has been completed , all credit card data is moved off-line only to ensure that the data/credit card information received is not accessible to anyone after completion of the on-line transaction and to ensure the maximum security .
Info Edge India Ltd uses the maximum care as is possible to ensure that all or any data / information in respect of electronic transfer of money does not fall in the wrong hands .
Info Edge India Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage sustained by reason of any disclosure ( inadvertent or otherwise ) of any information concerning the user 's account and / or information relating to or regarding online transactions using credit cards / debit cards and / or their verification process and particulars nor for any error , omission or inaccuracy with respect to any information so disclosed and used whether or not in pursuance of a legal process or otherwise .
'Info Edge India Limited ' welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement at the contact address given at the website .
Should there be any concerns about contravention of this Privacy Policy , 'Info Edge India Limited ' will employ all commercially reasonable efforts to address the same .
Note : The terms in this agreement may be changed by Info Edge at any time .
Info Edge is free to offer its services to any client/prospective client without restriction

Privacy Policy/Legal Terms and Conditions for Use of This Site
Please read this page carefully .
This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you , the website visitor ( hereinafter `` You '' or `` visitor '' ) , may use this site , the content of which is owned by or licensed to The Nemours Foundation and is operated and administered by The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media ( collectively , `` TeensHealth '' ) .
By using this site , You agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions set forth below .
If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions , please do not use this site .
TeensHealth may , at its sole discretion , revise these Terms and Conditions at any time ; therefore , You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions .
The Nemours Center for Children 's Health Media seeks to improve the health of children through the creation of engaging , innovative , family-oriented media .
Although it strives for timeliness and accuracy in all of its materials , TeensHealth makes no representations , warranties , or assurances as to the availability , accuracy , currency , or completeness of this site or its contents .
TeensHealth shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from Your access to , inability to access , or use of this site , including , without limitation , any damages or injury arising from any links to other sites contained within or referred to in this site .
TeensHealth is committed to preserving Your right to privacy .
TeensHealth does not collect identifying information about You ( such as Your name , address , telephone number , or email address ) unless You voluntarily submit that information to us through our Contact Us page , our newsletter subscription pages , or other means .
Please do not provide any confidential information ( including health information ) about you or anyone to us via electronic communication .
Any information you do submit will not be sold to any third parties .
If we publish any information you provide to us on the website , we will not disclose personally identifiable information .
We collect information about your use of our website through the use of cookies .
The information collected by cookies allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website .
We may use cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content and how long visitors stay on the site .
Additionally , TeensHealth may include a third party cookie from Google in order to use Google Analytics to monitor site statistics .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site .
We do not use cookies to collect or store personal health information about you .
When You visit the site , TeensHealth may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about You , such as the type of browser or computer operating system You use or the domain name of the site from which You linked to us .
Any automatically collected information may be maintained indefinitely and used for our internal business and marketing purposes , such as assessing traffic patterns and usage of various features on the site , but will not be sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for any purposes .
Notwithstanding any other statements or representations here or elsewhere on our site , TeensHealth reserves its right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law , or it believes , in good faith , that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with the law , defend its rights or property , or to respond to an emergency situation .
If You are concerned about the information You have provided to TeensHealth or would like to review , update , or delete that information , please contact us at :
Wilmington , DE 19803
( 302 ) 651-4046
TeensHealth will make reasonable efforts to comply with Your wishes .
The Contact Us page is the primary means of communication with TeensHealth staff for a website visitor .
Website visitors may use the Contact Us page to send content suggestions or questions about the Parents , Kids , or Teens areas of the site directly to the Parents , Kids , or Teens editorial staff .
Website visitors may also use this form to ask general questions about the Website or content , submit notification of broken links , communicate privacy concerns , and/or submit praise and/or complaints .
All comments are seen by the Editor-in-Chief who , along with senior editorial staff , handle all content-related issues and will use these comments , for instance , as ideas for generating new content or answering a question in a Q & A section on the site .
All technical and operational issues are forwarded to the Director of Operations for handling .
As TeensHealth policy is not to respond to visitor email , the Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information ( such as an email address ) , and the only way personally identifiable information would be collected is if the visitor were to voluntarily type such information into one of the open text fields .
The Contact Us page is secured using 128-bit encryption .
Any health information submitted through the Contact Us page is not stored in a way that is personally identifiable .
We may , unless you indicate otherwise , store , edit , and excerpt your email for use in Q & As , presentations , analyses , and other similar purposes .
In these cases , we will delete any content that would specifically identify you as the writer of the email .
The only personally identifiable information that is actively collected by TeensHealth are email addresses of individuals who opt-in to our newsletter programs .
These email addresses are only used for delivering our newsletters .
These addresses are not typically viewed by a human being unless there is some problem with the database .
Users may remove their email address from our list by using the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each newsletter .
A Note to Parents
Our Kids section is intended to be a safe resource for children under 13 to find useful , age-appropriate information .
Although The Nemours Foundation is a nonprofit , charitable foundation and as such is not subject to the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , it takes children 's privacy very seriously .
The Nemours Foundation and TeensHealth do not sell the information sent to it , whether by children or anyone else .
In addition to collecting information about your use of our website ( see `` Privacy '' ) , TeensHealth also collects personally identifiable information through services offered on our site :
Email newsletters , administered through ExactTarget , which are opt-in , and contain links to content on the site .
Quick Polls , administered through Polldaddy , which are opt-in polls inviting readers to submit their opinion .
Surveys , administered through SurveyMonkey , which are opt-in surveys inviting readers to submit their opinion .
Our Contact Us page does not ask for any personally identifiable information .
Sometimes , children write TeensHealth with a personal medical question .
As stated elsewhere , TeensHealth generally does not answer such questions and does not collect email addresses on the Contact Us form in order to be able to respond .
However , there are times when a visitor includes an email address and a physician believes it is advisable to ask a follow-up question or offer a comment , for instance , in the case of a life-threatening condition .
Only in these rare and serious instances will TeensHealth respond to an individual communication or take action on the information .
TeensHealth employs reasonable security measures to protect the personal information You submit to it .
Such security involves the use of SSL-secured Web forms , firewalls , and other commonly employed security methods .
TeensHealth welcomes Your comments on its site and content .
However , You acknowledge that if You send us creative suggestions , ideas , notes , drawings , concepts , inventions , or other information ( collectively , the `` Information '' ) , the Information shall be deemed , and shall remain , the property of TeensHealth .
By submission of any Information to us , You assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to You .
As a user of this site , You are responsible for Your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting .
Therefore , do not do any of the following things : transmit to us material that is copyrighted , unless You are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it ; send material that reveals trade secrets , unless You own them or have the permission of the owner ; send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others ; send material that is obscene , defamatory , threatening , harassing , abusive , hateful , or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity ; send sexually explicit images ; send advertisements or solicitations of business ; send chain letters or pyramid schemes ; or impersonate another person .
TeensHealth reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to this site for violating these terms or the law and reserves the right to remove any communications from this site .
The violation of any of the terms and conditions set forth on this Terms and Conditions page shall result in the immediate revocation of Your right to use the content and obligates You to immediately destroy any copies of the content in Your possession .
Articles and features published on this site undergo a rigorous editorial process that includes extensive review by medical professionals .
However , all information on this site is for educational purposes only .
For specific medical advice , diagnoses , and treatment , consult Your doctor .
The editorial staff makes every effort to be as neutral as possible with regard to gender , race , color , religion , and age .
Within the articles , the site takes turns referring to infants , children , and teens as `` he '' or `` she . ''
Remember that even if an article says he or she , it is referring to male and female infants , children , and teens , unless otherwise specified .
This site contains links to websites owned by third parties .
These links appear as resources associated with individual articles .
These resources are listed on a separate page and users are cautioned at the top of these pages that clicking links to listed resources will take them off the TeensHealth site .
These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and are not an endorsement by TeensHealth of the contents of those other sites .
TeensHealth is not responsible for the content of any linked sites and makes no representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites .
If You decide to visit any third-party sites using links from this site , You do so at Your own risk .
Emails Claiming to Be From TeensHealth
Occasionally , in a scam known as `` phishing , '' mass emailers will send messages that claim to be from TeensHealth .
They may use our name , logo , or employee email addresses in fraudulent emails trying to obtain valuable information from consumers and businesses .
These con artists know that people trust TeensHealth .
That 's why they may use our name or that of some other well-known organization to trick people into believing that they are dealing with a legitimate request for personal information .
These fraudulent emails often create a false sense of urgency intended to prompt the recipient to take action .
TeensHealth does not send out unsolicited emails or commercial endorsements , and does not ask for detailed personal information .
If you get this sort of email appearing to be from TeensHealth , you should assume that it is fraudulent and avoid clicking any link within the email .
TeensHealth does not warrant that the site will operate error-free or that the site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material .
If Your use of the site or the site 's material results in the need for servicing or replacing of equipment or data , TeensHealth shall not be responsible for those costs .
This site and its material are provided on an `` as is '' basis without any warranties of any kind .
TEENSHEALTH , TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW , DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY , NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES ' RIGHTS , AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL TEENSHEALTH , ITS EDUCATIONAL PARTNERS , OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED IN THE SITE CONTENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ( INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES , LOST PROFITS , OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE MATERIAL ON THIS WEBSITE OR SITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE , WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY , CONTRACT , TORT , OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY , AND WHETHER TEENSHEALTH IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
Use of Site Material
The contents of this site , including , without limitation , text , graphics , images , and other content ( the `` Content '' ) are owned by or licensed to TeensHealth and are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws .
Unauthorized use of the Content violates copyright , trademark , and other laws .
You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy You make of such material .
You may not sell or modify our Content or reproduce , display , distribute , or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose .
Use of the Content on any other website or in a networked environment is prohibited .
For permission to reprint or link to TeensHealth content , see our Permissions Guidelines .
This site originates from within the United States .
TeensHealth does not claim that the Content on this site is appropriate or may be used outside of the United States .
Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries .
If You access the site from outside the United States , You do so at Your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction .
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware , without respect to its conflict of laws principles .
You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the State of Delaware with respect to any dispute , disagreement , or cause of action related to or involving this site .
If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect .
No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term .
Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this site , these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between You and TeensHealth with respect to Your use of this site .
TeensHealth and TeensHealth.org are trademarks of The Nemours Foundation .

This privacy policy covers all of the Kinja sites ( `` Kinja '' ) .
Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access Kinja .
Your use of Kinja indicates you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Service in effect .
Kinja is the sole owner of the information collected on Kinja .
Kinja may collect information from our users at several different points on Kinja .
Comments In order to enhance their use of Kinja , users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest .
Commenters may register anonymously .
However , if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Service ( e.g . libels them ) , then in accordance with our Terms of Service , we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation .
If we are required to by law to disclose commenters ' contact information , we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests .
Please refer to our Terms of Service for more information .
Mailing Lists & Service Emails - Kinja may launch a mailing list , in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news , or weekly or daily round-ups , for example .
In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site 's mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests .
This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization .
Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site .
Kinja may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services .
Most of the time , these will be content from the site in question , but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor .
This will be infrequent , and does not represent an endorsement by Kinja of any products advertised therein .
It will clearly be marked as advertising .
Since editorial independence is critical to us , you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review .
If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers , please do not sign up for the mailing list .
Comment Service and Cookies In order to further enhance the user experience , Kinja runs a comment service on some or all of Kinja sites where users can discuss common topics of interest .
Users have the option of signing up for this service , and to do so must submit some valid information .
Kinja uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Service and to pick out topics of interest to commenters .
Kinja will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form .
The Comment Service may use cookies .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
For the session ID cookie , once users close the browser , the cookie simply terminates .
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user 's hard drive for an extended period of time .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user 's Internet browser help file directions .
We store a cookie on each user 's machine that contains user specific information .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you reject all cookies , you will not be able to use Kinja products or services that require you to `` sign in , '' and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
However , not all Kinja services require that you accept cookies .
Links Kinja contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that Kinja is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Kinja .
Log Files Like most standard Website servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement .
First Party Ad Serving The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by Google 's DoubleClick , our web advertising vendor .
Kinja uses only first party data about your visits to this site to serve ads to you .
First party data only includes information collected during your current search or visit to our websites .
First party data that we collect is not shared with any other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery , ad reporting , and contextual advertising .
As such , Kinja is not a participant in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Third Party Advertising and Cookies Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us .
Kinja has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements from third parties .
These advertisers may be engaging in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Opt-out As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy , we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first party ad server and many third party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising :
In the event Kinja goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , Kinja may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on Kinja or affiliates .
Kinja has technical , administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to , use or disclosure of user information we maintain .
Under our security practices and policies , access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access , and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal .
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store , no program is one hundred percent secure and we can not guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access , use or disclose personal information .
If you become aware of a security issue , please email us at legal [ at ] gawker [ dot ] com .
We will work with you to address any problems .
Whenever Kinja changes its privacy policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact the editor of the GM site in question , or send an email to help AT gawker.com , or by mail to Kinja , 210 Elizabeth Street , Fourth Floor , New York , NY 10012
This Privacy Policy is effective February 1 , 2013 .

UBM LLC Privacy Policy
Effective : September 8 , 2011
This Privacy Policy covers information which you give us , UBM LLC ( `` UBM Tech '' or `` we '' ) , about yourself and your professional background as you register for or attend our face-to-face events around the world , as you visit or participate in any of our web sites or online venues hosted on servers in the United States , or subscribe to any of our print publications distributed in the United States , or volunteer information in any social media context .
We will post or display a link to this UBM Privacy Policy on all forms and all online pages to which it is applicable .
An increasing number or our websites allow you to publish or share content including information which identifies you .
In many cases , this Policy will govern how UBM Tech uses the information you provide and what choices you have about its publication .
Our business includes creating opportunities for you to access other companies ' information and resources .
When we work with other companies to build co-branded web sites , virtual events , sponsored webinars , or in any way that allows you to connect directly with that other company , we will include a link to this Policy and to the other company 's Privacy Policy as well .
Our Policy will govern our collection and use of information about you .
We recommend that you read the partner 's Policy as well to learn how that company will treat the information you provide .
Information That Identifies You
We rely on the information you provide to us as you register , contact us , participate in surveys , post comments to public areas of and interact with our web sites , respond to our email campaigns , and participate in webinars or online events .
We may also add data from external sources .
We will add information about how you interact with our offerings your subscriptions , the events you attend , and the like .
We may work to expand our communities by acquiring names and contact details from other sources that have compiled contact information .
This information might be public information or data you provided with necessary permissions .
We may also invite you to join our communities via third party social and professional networking sites .
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We also use cookies and common data collection technologies , including web beacons and clear GIFs associated with cookies , on our web pages , in newsletters , and in our email campaigns to collect information both on an aggregate and individual basis .
Some of our web sites use Adobe Flash to provide video content , and the Adobe Flash Player has the ability to separately store information about that particular Flash application .
We do not associate this Adobe Flash stored information with you as an individual .
Please see the Adobe Flash Player Help page for additional information about controlling the settings of the Adobe Flash Player on your computer .
We gather date , time , certain information about a user 's browser and system or device configuration and capabilities , navigation history and IP address for all visitors to our web sites .
We use this information for our internal security audit log , for trend analysis and system administration and to gather broad information about our audiences and their geographic locations .
Please see More Information About Cookies , for additional details about how we use cookies that identify you , which third party advertisers and advertising networks we allow to serve third party advertising displayed on our sites or to display our ads to you once you have left our web pages , and how to control cookies or their use for serving targeted advertising .
How We Use Information That Identifies You
We use information about you :
to provide the services , publications , and information you request and to manage your account with us .
to deliver or display content that matches your professional interests and responsibilities .
to contact you with information about and invitations for products and services ours and other companies ' - directed to your professional interests and responsibilities .
to offer you opportunities to connect directly with your peers and with sellers of technology that may be of interest to you .
for any other purpose that we tell you about when you give us the information .
You have a choice about and control over :
Connecting directly with other companies for marketing purposes .
In addition to providing you with our own editorial content , we offer you the opportunity to access others ' branded content and expertise .
When you choose to take advantage of that content or expertise , you choose to have your name and contact details transferred directly to that other company .
We will put you in direct contact with another company or companies when you choose to :
Register for certain registration-only , or gated communities .
Access to technical resources provided or sponsored by another company is contingent on your agreement that your contact details may be shared with the other company .
We may track your interest in that company 's content or our own content over time and disclose your interest to that company .
Register for a specific webcast , online event , web site , newsletter , or other offering which is sponsored or co-sponsored by another company .
Register for one of our virtual events with a number of exhibitors .
We may give your name and contact details to all exhibitors and give the exhibitor whose booths and resources you access a record of your visits and interaction with content from that exhibitor .
Attend one of our face-to-face events .
Exhibitors may be given an attendance list for the event .
It is up to you , however , to decide whether to leave your business card or allow your badge to be read by a particular exhibitor the badges can not be read remotely .
A sponsor of a special , sponsored conference session will also be given information about you if you choose to attend that company 's session .
Your future interaction with online content from an exhibitor or sponsor to whom you provided your contact data to may also be tracked and disclosed to that exhibitor or sponsor .
Making information you provide public
We offer web sites that allow you to publish content .
Many of these blog sites require that you register if you wish to comment .
We will publish the user name you provide at registration when you comment .
Some sites allow you to create a public profile as well .
Our online event venues also require that you register and allow you to have both public and closed communications with exhibitors and other participants .
Information that identifies you will be published or shared according to your choices .
In addition , we may create online membership communities that allow you to create and publish your profile and other information .
These communities may provide privacy controls which allow you to choose how much of your profile and other information to make public or to share with others within the community .
As a professional , you remain responsible for locating the privacy controls ( usually available on the page from which you can edit your profile ) , understanding how those controls , including default settings , work and protecting the information you provide .
Receiving email marketing messages from us
You may opt out of our email marketing lists by following the directions at the bottom of our promotional emails .
Please note that we have a number of brands and products and allow you to opt out selectively .
Please note that you may receive email marketing messages from us about other companies ' offerings as part of a list rental or partner marketing programs - but only if you have given us permission to do so .
We do not disclose your contact details to the partners , and we do not sell your data .
You have the option of contacting the other company directly if you click on the links within the email .
To opt out of our partner marketing programs , you may follow the instructions at the bottom of any email we send you as part of the program .
Whether your account information is up to date .
Please help us keep your account information up to date .
To contact us about a print subscription , or to cancel the subscription , please check the UBM LLC information ( the masthead ) inside the print publication .
You may update most online registrations by consulting the particular web site itself or visiting a preference page after you have logged on to the site .
More Information About Cookies
You also have choices about cookies :
We place cookies that identify you , or allow third parties to do so on our behalf , for the following purposes :
to recognize you automatically when you return to a gated community .
to understand your interests in content , both our own content and that of other companies , on or across our web sites
to control access to gated online events including webinars and virtual events .
to make an automated record of your interests within a virtual event .
to manage and follow up on email campaigns .
You may use the tools in your browser to decline , disable , or delete any cookies .
You will still be able to log on to a gated community if you decline or delete our persistent cookie that enables automatic recognition .
If you disable the session cookie for our gated sites you may remain on the site but you will not be able to access ( download ) any gated content .
You must accept the session cookie used to manage access to registration-only online events for the duration of your participation in the event .
Third party advertising cookies .
We allow other companies to serve ads on our web pages .
We do not control their use of cookies or other data collection technologies or practices .
The divisions of UBM LLC currently allow the following third party ad servers to serve ads on our web pages : BBN Networks ; Bizo , Inc. and Google AdSense .
Some companies , such as Bizo , Inc. and Google Adsense , may offer additional choices about your preferences .
Please visit each of their web sites for more information about the technologies they use and their privacy practices .
Many of the third party ad serving companies that serve ads to our web sites are members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
The NAI offers useful information about ad networks and a single place to turn off targeted ad serving from any of its members .
We may add or change the list of Third Party Advertisers from time to time without changing the effective date of the Statement itself .
We urge you to check this section for changes regularly .
Disclosure of Information About You
We reserve the right to disclose information about you to third parties in certain circumstances : to vendors that work on our behalf , to law enforcement or other entities that present valid legal process , to protect human safety or our networks or property , or as part of a sale or our merger of business assets .
UBM LLC is a subsidiary of UBM plc .
We collect and process information on servers around the world .
We use reasonable administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect personal information against theft , loss , or misuse .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect information about you and your professional interests , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us .
You remain responsible for protecting your user name and passwords and for the security of information in transit to us over the Internet .
This Privacy Policy covers how we use information you provide .
We can not control how others may use information you may make public on our sites , for example , on professional networking sites or sites inviting user-generated content , in forums , at virtual events , or user-generated blogs .
Please note that virtual events may mimic face-to-face events by automatically displaying information about you to other participants in the event .
We can not control how other participants use that displayed information , so please take a moment to make sure you understand how a particular virtual event works and what choices you have within the environment .
Our products , services , events and offerings are directed to professionals .
If we create a special offering for children under the age of thirteen , we will also create privacy practices and policies appropriate for that age group .
We will post and date any changes to this Privacy Policy .
Please check here periodically .
Your continued use of our products and services covered by this Policy constitutes your consent to the practices in place at the time of your use .
How to Contact Us
For questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact :
Attn : UBM Legal
240 West 35th Street , 8th Floor
New York , New York , 10001

Liverpool Football Club is committed to respecting your personal information and will ensure that any data you provide to us either during registration or when purchasing goods or services will be stored securely , treated with confidentiality and processed in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 , or any other relevant consumer legislation that is in place to protect you .
This policy explains how we collect , store and use your personal data when you visit this website and when you transact with us .
It also describes the types of data we collect , how we use this data to ensure we provide relevant and timely services to you , and your rights to control our use of that data .
By visiting this website and in providing any data about yourself to us , you are confirming that you have read understood and agree to our policies and consent to us using that information as described .
We may update this policy from time to time so please check back here regularly .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you register on the website to subscribe to our free or paid for services , interact with the site or shop for goods or services using our online purchasing facilities , we may collect information such as your name , age , gender , e-mail address , billing address , delivery address , telephone number , product selections , credit card or other payment information and a password .
Occasionally we may also collect information on health or disability if it is relevant to ensuring your health and safety for an event or service you have booked with us .
In order to improve the quality of our services and your experience when visiting our website we also monitor your visit and collect information about where you are on the internet ( eg the URL you came from , IP address , domain types like .co.uk and .com ) , your browser type , the country and telephone area code where your computer is located , the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit , the advertisements you clicked on , and any search terms that you entered on our website ( `` User Information '' ) .
We may collect this information even if you do not register with us .
We are aware that many children will visit liverpoolfc.com and we would always encourage children under the age of 13 to talk with parents or legal guardians before submitting any personal information to this site or on any associated forums .
The club will always endeavour to seek parental consent for any children under the age of 13 entering personal data for competitions and promotions .
All personal information will be held and stored on secure servers used by The Liverpool Football Club and Athletic Grounds Limited , Anfield Road , Liverpool , L4 0TH .
HOW WE WILL USE YOUR INFORMATION
We will use the information you provide us or that we collect about you for the following purposes :
To provide goods or services
To provide aggregated statistical information for LFC or relevant third parties that will help improve our website and services to you .
( These statistics will not directly identify you )
To serve content and advertisements that we believe will be of interest to you
To administer this website
If you have consented during registration or whilst making a purchase , to send you relevant offers or information on products or services by email , mail , telephone or SMS message .
By agreeing to supply or allowing us to collect the information described above , you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 .
Any information collected from persons under the age of 18 will not knowingly be used for marketing purposes .
Notifications of competition wins or prizes will only be sent to a parent or legal guardian for any person under the age of 18 .
As part of offering these services we may at times be required to transfer some of your data to third parties for processing to enable fulfilment of product purchases or provision of services .
This will be limited to that which they need to carry out their services and only in the way in which we instruct them as part of a contractual agreement .
Your data will never be sold or shared with third parties for the purposes of marketing without seeking prior consent .
This would be separate to the consent provided as part of registration to this site .
We use cookies on this site to enable us to personalise your visit and to enable use of our shopping facilities .
We may occasionally use them to serve advertising and content that we believe is of interest based on your browsing history .
We may occasionally disclose your personal information as part of a legal process , for example , in response to a court order .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , non-compliance with of our Terms , or as otherwise permitted or required by law and consistent with legal requirements .
HOW WE WILL KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
Keeping your information secure is very important to us .
Your data will be held within the European Union and all reasonable measures to protect and safeguard your data in accordance with applicable data protection law will be taken .
Please note that we can not guarantee that any data transmission over the internet is completely secure .
To help us provide you with information relating to products and services that we think you will be interested in your data may occasionally be processed and held by third parties outside the European Economic Area ( EU ) .
If this is the case we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your data is secure and protected in accordance with applicable data protection law .
Please be aware that all open interactive areas ( such as The Kop , Messages Board , comments etc ) are accessible to all users and their contents effectively available in the public domain .
Think carefully about the contents of your submissions and if you choose to make a submission containing your personal information you do so at your own risk .
Protecting the online privacy of children is especially important .
If we reasonably believe a user of interactive area to be under 13 years of age , we may need to remove any personal details gathered from such a user and , where possible , all submissions .
You have the right to request that we do n't send marketing material to you and this can be done by ensuring the correct consent boxes are ticked at the time of registration or making a purchase .
You can also change personal information and amend your consent using the 'My LFC ' facilities when you are signed in to our website or shopping areas .
We also provide the opportunity to unsubscribe or amend your marketing preferences when we send you a marketing email .
Please note that if you do unsubscribe or withdraw your consent we will be unable to keep you informed on issues that may be of interest to you such as ticketing availability .
At any time you can make a formal request to provide a copy of any information we hold about you .
This should be done in writing ( see How do I contact Liverpool Football Club for our contact information ) .
We may charge a small fee up to the maximum allowable amount of 10 .

'The Official LocalBitcoins.com Web Site ' is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors .
The policy statement provides our visitors with an overview of the measures we have taken to show our commitment to this policy .
We collect the personal data that you volunteer on forms which you submit to us for on-line competitions and in emails that you send to us .
In addition we automatically gather details of browser types and IP addresses of the users who visit our site .
We do not release this information to any outside party , except in suspected fraud cases .
When fraudulent activity is suspected , we may release the users details to the party that the user has been trading with .
This is done only if there is strong evidence that actual trade has happened .
Users who join the forum will automatically receive Newsletters .
Should users later decide to opt-out from receiving this information please contact us and you will be removed from our database and no longer receive future communication .
You may request that we amend any personal data that we are holding about you which is factually inaccurate .
You can email us stating your wishes .
This web site has a message board and chat room available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas become public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
This web site contains links to other sites .
LocalBitcoins.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site .
LocalBitcoins.com may occasionally run competitions with other web sites and we will ask visitors for their contact information .
Any information that you supply will be held in the strictest confidence and will only be used in conjunction with the competition .
In order for visitors to take part in the competitions you must be a member of the LocalBitcoins Forum .
LocalBitcoins.com user data is stored three months after deleting the user account .
File attachments related to the trade are stored 30 days after closing the trade .
Contacting The Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy statement , the practices , or your dealing with this web site , please contact us and your enquiry will be dealt with as soon as possible .
-- -- -- -- -- -
When a user buying bitcoins with traditional electronic payment methods using the escrow service , the buyer is required to provide correct reference message when paying .
Bitcoin sellers are not required to release bitcoins paid with an incorrect reference .
This is to prevent fraud .
Buyer should be ready to prove his/her identity , when buying bitcoins online and the payment method is reversible .
An user can only act on his own behalf .
No LocalBitcoins.com account can be used to act as an intermediary or broker .
A user can only use his own trading accounts to trade at LocalBitcoins.com .
A user account must not contain misleading information about the user , including , but not limited to having non-personal phone number or faking the country of origin .
Hate-speech and abusive language is strictly forbidden on LocalBitcoins.com .
Any user account that engages in abusive language or hate-speech can be banned .

General information Privacy policy Terms of Shopping Guide GmbH
Collection of personal data
Use of personal data
Transmission of personal data
Viewing / Changing Personal Data
Use of Cookies on our website
Protection from web crawlers or spam
Transmission of data within the enterprise group
Modification of Privacy Policy
Collection of personal data
Personal data is collected by Ciao :
During registration at one of our panels ;
After registering , when we ask panel members to provide more personal information so that we can invite them to appropriate surveys in the future ;
While answering a survey .
To become a panel member , you will be asked to provide some personal and general information in a registration survey .
Your e-mail address we ask to send you e-mail invitations to participate in future surveys .
The other we collect information such as name , address , gender , birthday and employment status is used to assign people to appropriate market research projects .
Your date of birth is needed to automatically update your age and be able to address specific age-related market groups targeted .
We ask for this information so that we can determine if you qualify for certain projects .
Your account information , we need to ensure that your remit the earned by taking surveys money can .
Once you have registered , you will receive a Ciao ID and can pseudonymous use all Ciao offers .
Your consent to the storage and processing of certain personal information may you at any time revoke in writing with immediate effect .
Ciao is the data immediately , but not later than within 7 days , remove from its databases irrevocable .
Use of personal data
Ciao commissioned by market research companies , manufacturers and wholesalers with the implementation of surveys .
The information collected in these surveys will be kept strictly confidential and our customers in an anonymised form .
The members IDs are replaced with individual identifying codes .
Only Ciao features to the associated member name .
Ciao Moreover determined data on population statistics , personal interests and behavior of its members , in order to optimize the service it through a better understanding of the structure members .
Also this information is collected only as a whole and analyzed .
Through your membership at Ciao , you agree to receive e-mails that invite you to participate in surveys .
They are equipped with the automatic set up your personal account for the earned by participating in surveys balances agree .
During registration , enter revocable , whether you agree with the sending of the e-mail newsletter , you agree to the forwarding to be we will inform you in this way about new features or promotions on our website .
Transmission of personal data
A disclosure of your personal information is basically only in anonymous form to our customer as part of market research projects .
Ciao does not release personal information about you unless you have given us your express permission or if we are required by law .
Viewing / Changing Personal Data
You can always view the information in your Ciao account with your member name and Ciao Ciao your password and update as necessary .
You can delete or deactivate your Ciao account at any time .
To do so , please in your profile on the `` Settings '' tab and select `` Cancel Membership '' .
If you delete your Ciao account , your entire person-related information that you provided at registration , promptly , at the latest within 7 days away permanently from our user database .
The opinions remain under your alias still retrievable , as well as your alias deleted in justified cases on request .
Unless you have received a payment from Ciao , your bank details and the date and amount of any payments of our accounts will be stored exclusively for the fulfillment of the statutory retention periods .
Use of Cookies on our website
Ciao uses cookies , ie files that are stored on your computer , can also be accessed and used to personalize the way you use our internet site .
The information saved is used for the functionality of the site by , for example , noted your visual preference or the frequency of `` pop-up '' windows is regulated .
They are deleted after a month .
Furthermore , no cookies are used by advertising partners , on the Ciao has no influence .
These are used to select customer-specific advertising .
You are free to prevent cookies from being saved on your hard disk by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser .
The acceptance of cookies is not required to use our service .
Nevertheless , we would like to point out that the rejection can lead to limited functionality .
The information in your Ciao account and in your Ciao profile are password-protected so that only you have access to this personal information .
Please note that you must provide your password to any other person .
In e-mails that you receive unexpectedly or that you did not request , Ciao will never ask for your password .
Please remember to log out of your account and close the window of your Internet browser when you leave the Ciao page , and this is especially true if you use a PC in public places .
This is currently the most reliable method to ensure that no one has access to your personal information .
Protection from web crawlers or spam
Ciao assures you that we will use your e-mail address with your express consent only for the specified in the Terms of uses .
We will use your email address will not sell to third parties and will prevent your e-mail address is detected by `` web crawlers '' or `` spiders '' , unless this is in our power .
If you believe that your e-mail address was recorded in this way , please contact us immediately to our technical support team .
Transmission of data within the enterprise group
Ciao belongs to the group of companies of Microsoft Corporation .
You agree that your data may be transferred within that group of companies and within the Ciao group .
We assure you that in the event of such a transfer the security and confidentiality is ensured unchanged and the data remain subject to the above Privacy Policy .
Modification of Privacy Policy
If you change the Privacy Policy , we will indicate on the Ciao website on this .

Thanks for using MailChimp .
This policy explains the what , how , and why of the information we collect when you use MailChimp .
It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information .
We never sell lists or email addresses .
We 'll start by getting a few definitions out of the way that should help you understand this policy .
When we say `` we , '' `` us , '' and `` MailChimp , we 're referring to The Rocket Science Group , LLC d/b/a MailChimp , a State of Georgia limited liability company .
When we say you or Member , we 're referring to the person or entity that 's registered with us to use the Services .
We provide online platforms that you may use to create , send , and manage emails ( the Services ) .
In the course of providing the Services , we may collect Personal Information , which means information about a Member .
A `` Distribution List '' is a list of email addresses that one of our Members has sent , or intends to send , emails to , and all information relating to those email addresses .
Validate TRUSTe privacy certification
MailChimp has TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal , which means this privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with their program requirements , including transparency , accountability , and choice related to the collection and use of your Personal Information .
TRUSTe is an independent third party that operates a globally recognized privacy trustmark .
If there are any changes to this Privacy Policy , we 'll post them on the Website and send them to the last email address you gave us .
Any changes will be effective as of the date we post on the Website or send the email ( or whichever date is later ) .
You may object to any changes within 20 days after they 're posted on our Website or delivered to you , in which case none of the proposed changes will be effective with respect to information that we 've already collected from you , but will apply only to information we collect in the future .
We wo n't treat information of any open account differently from any other open account .
If you object to changes in our Privacy Policy , we 'll have to terminate your account .
That said , if we ever changed our Privacy Policy to expand our rights to use or disclose Personal Information for marketing purposes , youd be able to opt out without termination .
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we 've collected , or collect , about and/or from you , according to our Terms of Use .
If you have any questions or comments , or if you want to update , delete , or change any Personal Information you 've submitted on the Website , please use our contact form to get in touch .
You may also contact us by postal mail at :
512 Means St. Suite 404
Atlanta , GA 30318
If you 're not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe .
Information You Provide to Us : When you register to use the Services , communicate with our customer service team , send us an email , or post on our blog , you 're giving us information that we collect .
That information may include your IP address , name , physical address , email address , phone number , credit card information , and other details like gender , occupation , and other demographic information .
By giving us this information , you consent to your information being collected , used , disclosed , and stored by us , only as described in our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
List and Email Information : When you add an email Distribution List or create an email with the Services , we have access to the data on your list and the information in your email .
Information from your Use of the Service : We may get information about how and when you use the Services .
This information may include your IP address , time , date , browser used , and actions taken by you within the application .
Cookies : When you register to use MailChimp , we store `` cookies , '' which are strings of code , on your computer .
We use those cookies to collect information about when you visit our Website , when you use the Services , your browser type and version , your operating system , and other similar information .
You may turn off cookies that have been placed on your computer by following the instructions on your browser , but if you block our cookies , it may be more difficult ( and maybe even impossible ) to use the Services .
When you play one of the videos on the Websites , the Flash player may use local shared objects , which are also called Flash cookies .
We do n't use these Flash cookies for anything , but we ca n't stop the player from dropping them ( we tried ) .
Web Beacons : When we send emails to registered MailChimp customers , we 'll sometimes track who opened the emails and who clicked the links .
We do that to measure our Email Campaigns ' performance and to improve our features for specific segments of customers .
To do this , we include single pixel gifs , also called web beacons , in emails we send .
Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email , your IP address , your browser or email client type , and other similar details .
We also include Web Beacons in the emails we deliver for you .
We use the data from those Web Beacons to create the reports you see about who has or has n't opened emails or clicked links .
Reports are also available to us when we send you email , so we may collect and review that information .
Information from Other Sources : We may get more information about you , like name , age , and participation in social media websites , by searching the internet or querying third parties ( we 'll refer to that information as Supplemental Member Information ) .
We only collect data that 's publicly available or provided by a third party according to its terms of use .
Cookie management tools from your browser wo n't remove Flash cookies , but here 's how to manage privacy settings for them .
We use this Supplemental Member Information to develop features like Social Pro , a tool that helps you learn about your subscribers and send them more relevant content .
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may use and disclose your Personal Information only as follows :
To promote use of our Services .
For example , if you leave your Personal Information when you visit our Website and do n't sign up for any of the Services , we may send you an email asking whether you want to sign up .
And if you use any of our Services , and we think you might benefit from using another Service we offer , we may send you an email telling you about it .
To bill and collect money owed to us .
This includes sending you emails , invoices , receipts , notices of delinquency , and alerting you if we need a different credit card number .
We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing , and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments .
To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data , see Section 7 below .
To send you System Alert Messages .
For example , we may let you know about temporary or permanent changes to our Services , like planned outages , new features , version updates , releases , abuse warnings , and changes to our Privacy Policy .
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law .
This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations .
To provide customer support .
To protect the rights and safety of our Members and third parties , as well as our own .
To meet legal requirements like complying with court orders and valid subpoenas .
To provide information to representatives and advisors , like attorneys and accountants , to help us comply with legal , accounting , or security requirements .
To prosecute and defend a court , arbitration , or similar proceeding .
To support and improve the Services we offer .
This includes adding features that compare Members ' Email Campaigns , or using data to suggest other publishers your subscribers may be interested in .
To communicate with you about your account for informational , not promotional , reasons .
To transfer your information in the case of a sale , merger , consolidation , or acquisition .
In that event , any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy .
To send you informational and promotional content that you may choose ( or `` opt in '' ) to receive .
You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email .
MailChimp 's Email Genome Project analyzes email lists and addresses to find trends in the data .
That information helps us keep the evil spammers out .
Occasionally , we have to disclose information about our customers to meet legal requirements .
Third-party disputes are a common example : If two parties have a dispute , and one of them used MailChimp in a way that 's relevant to the dispute , then we might get a request for user data .
Whether we say no way or comply depends on the subpoena .
It 's the law ! Unsubscribe links are required by the CAN-SPAM act .
Plus , making it easy for people to opt out is the nice thing to do .
Public Information and Third Parties
We have public blogs on our Websites .
Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read , collected , and used by anyone .
If your Personal Information appears on our blogs and you 'd like it to be removed , contact us here .
If we 're not able to remove your information , we 'll let you know why .
Social Media Widgets .
Our Websites include social media features , like the Facebook Like button .
These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you 're visiting on our site , and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them .
Links to Third-Party Sites .
Our Websites include links to other websites , whose privacy practices may be different from MailChimp 's .
If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Website you visit .
Content of Email Campaigns
When you send email marketing , it bounces around from server to server as it crosses the internet .
Along the way , server administrators can read what you send .
Email was n't built for confidential information .
If you have something confidential to send , please do n't use MailChimp .
Sometimes we review the content of our Members ' email campaigns to make sure they comply with our Terms of Use .
To improve that process , we have software that helps us find email campaigns that may violate our Terms .
Our employees or independent contractors may review those particular Email Campaigns .
This benefits all of our Members who comply with the Terms of Use because , among other things , it reduces the amount of spam being sent through our servers and helps to maintain high deliverability .
Our rule of thumb is Never send anything in an email that you would n't put on a postcard .
Your subscriber lists are stored on a secure MailChimp server .
We do n't , under any circumstances , sell your lists , contact people on your lists , market to people on your lists , steal your lists , or share your lists with any other party , unless it 's required by law .
If someone on your list complains or contacts us , we may then contact that person .
Only authorized employees have access to view Distribution Lists .
You may export ( download ) your lists from MailChimp at any time , as long as we have a copy .
We 'll use and disclose the information in your Distribution Lists only for the reasons listed under Use of Your Personal Information , except the following .
( In other words , we will not use and disclose the information in your Distribution Lists to ) :
bill or collect money owed to us ;
send you system alert messages ;
communicate with you about your account ; or
send you informational and promotional content .
It 's worth repeating : We respect your privacy and your subscribers ' privacy .
We 'd never sell your information or bother anyone on your mailing list .
Notice of Breach of Security
Nobody 's safe from hackers .
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or people on your Distribution Lists , then MailChimp will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response .
To protect your information , our credit card processing vendor uses the latest 128-bit Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology for secure transactions .
Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives , like the Visa Cardholder Information Security and Compliance ( CISP ) , MasterCard ( SDP ) , and Discovery Information Security and Compliance ( DISC ) .
MailChimp accounts require a username and password to log in .
You must keep your username and password secure , and never disclose it to a third party .
Because the information in your Distribution Lists is so sensitive , account passwords are encrypted , which means we ca n't see your passwords .
We ca n't resend forgotten passwords either .
We 'll only reset them .
MailChimp complies with the U.S.E.U . and U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework , which is overseen by the U.S. Department of Commerce and covers the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We certify that we follow the principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
This section affects you if you do business in the EU or Switzerland .
Accuracy of Data , Transparency , and Choice
We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date , to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do that .
If your data changes ( like a new email address ) , then you 're responsible for notifying us of those changes .
We only store data about you for as long as it 's reasonably required to fulfill the purposes that gave us the right to access it in the first place .
We keep some data indefinitely , relating to when and where emails were sent , which bounced , which resulted in a complaint , and similar information , because we use it to help us screen out people who violate SPAM laws , and for other reasons explained in this policy .
Unless it 's prohibited by law , we 'll remove any Personal Information about you from our servers at your request .
We and TRUSTe regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy .
If we receive a written complaint , then we 'll respond to the person who made it .
We work with TRUSTe to resolve any complaints that we ca n't resolve with our Members directly .
Thanks for taking the time to learn about The Rocket Science Group 's privacy policy , and thanks for trusting us to handle your email .
Updated March 15 , 2013

Mashable , Inc .
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to being transparent with how we use your information .
This website and any of our services and sites directing you to this Privacy Policy are controlled by Mashable , Inc. ( collectively `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We collect information to provide better services to our users and improve our business .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us or information provided through a social network .
For example , some of our services require you to sign up for an account , provide information for a contest or award , or link an account through a social network .
We work with social networks including , but not limited to Facebook , Twitter , Google Plus , and LinkedIn .
We have access to information you directly provide and information through those social networking services based on your privacy settings on those networks .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit different parts of our site or applications and what selections you make on the services .
We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as :
Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the site ) .
Log information When you use our services or view content provided by us , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This information may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your navigation paths and search queries .
mobile related information if you access our website using your mobile device .
internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser , mobile device , or your account .
Browser type , operating system , and other technical information .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve our services , to develop new services and offerings and to protect our us and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
When you contact us , we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information in this Privacy Policy to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use aggregated and demographic information to support our advertising needs so we can continue to provide many services for free .
Your personally identifiable information is never disclosed to these parties , unless you consent .
We , or our advertising networks may also use cookie , tag , beacon , or other similar technology to serve you relevant advertisements and alert you to our content , even on other sites and services .
This technology can also be used to collect and analyze aggregated information about our users .
Please keep in mind that comments sections , forums , and other similar areas of our services are public .
Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has access .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
If we provide you with any mailings or other communication , you can always opt out of that communication .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
You have the right to remove your personal information from our databases .
To do this , please delete your Mashable account .
For security purposes will not process any deletion requests via email .
Deleting your Mashable account personally allows us to verify your identity .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information in your account .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We do not share personal information with companies , outside organizations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances apply :
With your consent .
We will share personal information with companies , outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so .
For external processing .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
For legal reasons .
We will share personal information with companies , outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
In case of a sale or asset transfer .
If we become involved in a merger , acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets , user information , including personal information collected from you through your use of our Services , could be included in the transferred assets .
Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services .
In aggregated form for business purposes .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners such as business with have a relationship with , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services .
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold however not website is entirely secure .
You should protect the account information in your possession as well .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you on this site .
We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites , including social networks .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
Our site is not directed toward children under 13 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the age of 13 .
Our Services are Located in the United States
Our website and associated services are hosted in the United States .
If you are outside of the United States , your information will be processed and stored in the United States and you are consenting to such processing and storage .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 27 , 2013 .

Effective and Last Modified : July 18 , 2013
This policy ( Privacy Policy ) informs you of the policies of Salem Communications Corporation and its subsidiary entities ( collectively , Salem ) concerning the collection , use and disclosure of personal information from this and other Salem-related websites ( the Website ( s ) ) .
Because we may gather certain types of information about our users and understand your privacy is important to you , we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information .
Even though we may need to collect information about you to provide some of the products and services we offer , you may not want us to disclose that information to others .
Accordingly , what follows is a description of how we gather and use information about you ( collectively Your Information ) .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our Websites , what we do with that information , and how to safeguard personal information you provide to us .
Please note that by visiting this Website you consent to the collection of Your Information by Salem as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure of Personal Information to Outside Parties
Except as set forth in this policy , Salem does not sell , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
However , Salem may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , traffic patterns , and related Website information to third-party vendors .
Generally , these statistics will include no personally identifying information .
Salem may also release Your Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with the law , ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms of our Terms of Use applicable to this Website , ( iii ) enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules , or ( iv ) protect the rights , property or safety of Salem , our users , or others .
Also , we may give some or all of Your Information to third-party vendors who assist us in fulfilling some of the functions of this Website .
Finally , we may provide Your Information to third parties if you authorize us to do so .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
a ) Voluntary Information You Provide Us .
If you contact us by email , complete our registration forms , surveys , or entry forms , subscribe to our services or newsletters or participate in any of our contests or sweepstakes , we will ask you for Your Information .
The information we ask for in this context may include contact information ( such as your name and email address ) and/or demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) .
Below you will find descriptions of how Salem may use these types of information .
b ) Registration Data .
Registration data is voluntary personal information provided directly by you in order to receive optional access to certain services or Website areas and which may include information such as your name , age , email address , zip code or telephone number .
In addition , registration data may include preference information such as usernames , passwords , desired newsletters , etc .
Here are some of the ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To alert you to news , events , contests , and other items if you so request ;
To allow you entrance into restricted areas of the Website , as appropriate ;
To send you information about Salem and our Websites ;
To compile statistics and conduct basic research ; and
To give to third parties , who may send you promotional material .
c ) Surveys .
Sometimes Salem posts optional surveys in which we ask for Your Information .
The choice is yours you do n't have to answer surveys , but if you do , please understand that Salem may use Your Information and that we may share Your Information with third parties .
If we 're asking for optional information , we may mark it as such so that you can skip that portion if you would like .
Here are some ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To send you information about Salem and our Websites ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To give to our content partners , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to our advertisers , who may send you information about their products and services ;
To share in aggregate form with our partners and advertisers ;
To compile statistics and conduct basic research ; and
To give to third parties , who may send you promotional material .
d ) Contests , Sweepstakes and Promotions .
From time to time Salem runs contests and sweepstakes in which we ask for Your Information , which may include but is not limited to your name , age , email address , and telephone number , so we can determine if you 're eligible for the contest and to notify you know if you win .
Sometimes we request additional information such as your gender , marital status and income level .
Here are some of the ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To determine if you 're eligible for the contest ;
To notify you if you 're a winner ;
To give to content partners , who may send you promotional email ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To give to advertisers , who may send you email about their products and services ;
To share in aggregate form with our partners and advertisers ; and
To compile statistics and conduct basic research .
e ) Special Offers .
From time to time , Salem and its affiliated entities are able to provide to you special offers of products and services .
When providing these offers , we need to gather Your Information , which may include but is not limited to your name , age , email address and telephone number .
Your acceptance of these offers is completely voluntary , but if you do not correctly provide Your Information as required , you may not receive the product or service offered .
Here is how we may use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services that you request or purchase such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To ensure proper delivery of the product or service ;
To view statistics and conduct basic research ;
To give to select parties on our Website , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to select radio stations , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to third parties , who may send you information about their products and services ; and
To compile statistics and conduct basic research .
f ) Online Commerce Services .
This Website may offer shopping and other online commerce services , which may be offered by Salem or by a firm that operates a store under contract with us .
If our Website offers such services , you will use a customer order form to request information , products , and services .
The order form will ask you to give us contact information ( e.g. , name or email address ) , financial information ( e.g. , account or credit card numbers ) , and demographic information ( e.g. , zip code or age ) .
We will use the financial information that you provide to bill you for products and services .
By giving our Website your credit card and related personal information , you are authorizing our store to give that information to the merchant and credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your order .
We will use contact information from the order form to fulfill your orders .
We may also use contact data to get in touch with you when necessary .
We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval .
g ) Information We Obtain From Other Sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( e.g. , mobile devices , third-party services and embedded video players ) , from co-branded partners and websites ( e.g. , on our Facebook pages ) and from commercially available sources ( e.g. , data on aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of Your Information that we may collect from other sources :
Name , address and telephone number ;
Demographic data , such as age , gender and income level ;
Your interests and purchase behavior ;
Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos and other online postings ; and
Other navigation data , such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
h ) Combining Information .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Salem Websites .
i ) Public Forums .
This Website makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
We can not safeguard the privacy of any such information you choose to disclose online in this manner and you must do so carefully and at your own risk .
j ) User-Generated Content .
Some Salem Websites enable users to submit their own content for contests , blogs , videos , message boards and other functions .
Publication of user generated content on the Salem Websites is subject to the terms and rules contained in our Terms of Use for our Websites .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
k ) Banner Advertising .
We license ad-server software from another company to place banner advertising on our Websites .
All of the data provided and generated by such software will remain in our possession and no data will be transferred to the licensor of the software .
This feature of our Websites may , on occasion , set cookies on your computer .
Any information collected or stored by the ad-service or the cookies is treated in the same manner as other information as described in this statement .
l ) Confirmed Opt-In .
Salem acquires no personal or registration data about our users except what you explicitly and voluntarily provide ( i.e. , via opt-in ) .
We reserve the right to use this information specifically for the purposes related to your registration in addition to any other purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy .
m ) Feedback Data .
Feedback data is voluntary information ( e.g. , success stories ) provided directly by you for the purposes of assessing the products or services provided through Salem Websites .
There are areas on Salem-owned Websites which allow you to submit feedback .
Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes the property of Salem , and we reserve the right to use this information for the purposes of marketing , quality control , or to contact you for further information .
n ) Usage ( Log ) Data .
Salem also gathers and analyzes usage or log data including your IP ( internet protocol ) address assigned by your ISP ( internet service provider ) , the type of operating system you are using on your computer , and the type of web browser you are using to view our Website .
Salem management uses usage or log data to help diagnose problems with and optimize performance of the server .
This information also allows us to evaluate user traffic patterns into , out from , and within our Website .
These uses , however , do not allow us to connect your IP address with your personal identity .
o ) What About Cookies ? Cookies are small pieces of information that your web browser stores on your computer 's hard drive which may contain personally identifying information .
From time to time our Website may place cookies on your computer 's hard drive that enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide you with certain features .
Use of cookies also provides information about your web usage , which helps us compile demographic and statistical information about visitors who are utilizing our Website .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser to prevent that .
Updating and Deleting Personal Data
a ) Correcting and Updating .
You may correct or update your registration data by either signing into your online account or by contacting us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
b ) Delete/Deactivate .
You may delete or deactivate your account by either signing into your online account or by contacting us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website and submitting a request to be removed from our database .
Salem will comply with all such requests within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations ; for example , some of your information may remain in backup storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the possession of information that we hold relating to you .
Information Shared With Third Parties
a ) Information Sharing With Third Parties .
Third-party companies serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information through Audience Management tags when you visit this web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
`` Google , Inc '' is our ad serving provider .
Select the company checkbox to opt-out .
From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by Salem to provide additional features on our Websites .
These special relationships may include powered by partners , business partners , sponsors , and co-branded sites ( referred to here as co-branded pages ) .
You should look for a specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page .
Any personal information that you provide when signing up at one of those co-branded pages may be shared with our third party partner .
You should also check our partner 's website for information regarding its privacy policies .
Additionally , the nature of some features of our Website may require that we share personal information about you with persons or companies outside of the Salem corporate enterprise .
For example , this may occur with a feature that enables you , via our Website , to ask questions of persons or entities that are not part of the Salem enterprise .
By responding to those features of the Website , whether by email or direct entry of information on our Website , you are consenting to our transferring of that information to such persons or entities .
b ) Links to Other Sites .
When you visit Salem Websites , you may be linked to other outside sites .
This includes links to sites operated by advertisers , sponsors , and partners that may use Salem 's logo as part of an agreement with Salem .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit Your Information .
These other sites may be developed by people over whom Salem exercises no control and , as such , are not subject to the Salem Privacy Policy .
Salem is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other sites , nor for the use of any of Your Information that these sites may collect .
c ) Sale of Our Company .
Salem may include any information we collect through this Website in our customer information database .
This database is considered an asset owned by Salem .
As in any business venture , the sale of Salem is always a possibility , either as an entire corporate entity or through an asset sale that may include our customer information database .
Should another entity ever purchase or acquire Salem or its assets , all information contained in our customer information database will be considered a transferred asset and become the property of the purchasing or acquiring entity .
a ) Children 's Privacy .
Consistent with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , this Website does not collect , use or disclose personal information ( including online contact information ) of children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
In the event that a child under the age of 13 attempts to register on our Website ( s ) , we will not knowingly accept that registration and will delete information received from the child .
In the event that a child posts personal information in a public forum such as a chat room , we will attempt to delete that information once we become aware of it .
Parents can give written parental consent for their child to use Salem Websites , however , by completing the Salem Parental Consent Form .
To request this form , or if you have any questions or comments regarding children 's privacy at Salem , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
b ) Your California Privacy Rights .
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Salem who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
a ) Information Security .
The security and confidentiality of Your Information is extremely important to us .
Accordingly , we believe we have appropriate security measures in place , consistent with standard industry practice , to protect against the unauthorized access , alteration , disclosure , misuse or destruction of data .
Please be aware , however , that despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
As such , while we want you to feel confident using the Salem Websites , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
b ) Enforcement .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy and will respond accordingly to any formal written complaints , including , if necessary , working with the appropriate regulatory authority to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
a ) Leased Content .
No third-party licensor shall have any liability for the accuracy or completeness of information or services provided thereby via this Website or any component thereof or for delays , inaccuracies , omissions , or other defects therein , nor for any claims or losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby , including , without limitation , any lost profits , indirect , special , or consequential damages .
Any such third party licensors have exclusive proprietary rights from the information received via the service .
Customer , end-user , or visitor , as applicable , shall not use or permit anyone to use the information provided through the service for any unlawful or unauthorized purpose .
Customer , end-user , or visitor , as applicable , is not authorized or permitted to furnish such information to any person or firm for reuse or retransmission without prior written approval of the source of such information .
Provision of the information on the service is subject to termination in the event that any agreement between a third party licensor and a provider of information distributed through the service is terminated in accordance with its terms .
Third party licensor and its subsidiaries , affiliates , information providers and content partners shall have no liability for investment decisions based on the information provided hereby .
b ) General Information .
This Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website shall be governed by , construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia , as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state , without regard to conflict of law principles .
You agree that any cause of action you or Salem brings to enforce this Policy and/or the Terms of Use , or in connection with any matters related to this Salem Website and/or the Privacy Policy , shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in Richmond , Virginia .
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Virginia for any cause of action arising out of this Policy .
If any provision of this Privacy Policy , or the application thereof to any person or circumstances , is held invalid or for any reason unenforceable including , but not limited to , the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations , then such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid , enforceable provision that matches , as closely as possible , the original provision , and the other provisions of this Policy shall remain in full force and effect .
The failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this Privacy Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right .
Unless expressly provided otherwise , this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website are the entire agreement between you and Salem with respect to the use of this Salem Website and shall not be modified except in writing , signed by an authorized representative of Salem .
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy , you may contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
You must send any official correspondence via postal mail to : 4880 Santa Rosa Road , Camarillo , CA 93012 .
c ) European Union and Other Foreign Nations .
This Salem Website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and is intended for enjoyment of residents of the United States .
Salem makes no representation that this Website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations .
By using this Website and submitting Your Information , visitors from outside of the United States acknowledge that this Website is subject to U.S. law , consent to the transfer of personal data to the U.S. and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws .
d ) In Summary .
We understand your privacy is important to you .
Accordingly , we do not sell , trade , or rent Your Information to others subject to the provisions listed above .
Please note , however , that Salem may use Your Information and may disclose it to select third-party vendors as described in the above provisions .
If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
Remember to list each of the email accounts you have given us .
e ) Your Consent and Changes to this Policy .
By using our Website , you consent to the collection and use of Your Information by Salem as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Additionally , your visit and any dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use applicable to this Website .
Salem may at any time amend , modify , restate , or revise this Privacy Policy by updating this posting and you should therefore periodically visit this page to view the then current Privacy Policy that is in effect .
If we make any material changes , we will revise the Effective and Last Modified date at the top of the Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of this Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates .

Why does n't Metafilter have a privacy policy ?
The MetaFilter Network LLC is an Oregon-based company , which collects a one time membership fee from registered users , and makes enough money from advertising to support a few awesome admins , and pay for shiny new servers .
Metafilter is a fairly high traffic site , and receives 11.5 million pageviews from 3.5 million unique users every month .
MetaFilter would thus seem to meet any reasonble definition of a commercial website .
California 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( OPPA ) requires that all commercial websites that collect `` personally identifiable information '' on users who reside in California must have a conspicuous privacy policy on their web sites even if that company is based outside California , including overseas .
This law went into effect in 2004 , and as a result , practically every corporate website in the world now has a `` privacy policy '' link on the bottom of the front page , which leads to a document explaining what kind of information the website collects .
There is probably at least one Metafilter user in California , and thus , it seems reasonable to assume that Metafilter is collecting personally identifiable data on California residents .
Furthermore , a recent comment by Cortex seemed to imply that Metafilter is logging the identity of users who author anonymous posts .
After seeing Cortex 's comment , I tried to find more information about the extent to which Metafilter is logging on my activity with the website , but I could n't find anything .
There certainly is n't a privacy policy linked from the front page , and 10 mins of googling did n't come up with anything .
my two part question is this : Why does n't Metafilter have a privacy policy , and if one does exist , why is n't there a prominent link to it on the front page as required by California law .
( I 'm not a lawyer , but I am a privacy geek )
posted by genome4hire to Etiquette/Policy at 1:41 AM ( 275 comments total ) 6 users marked this as a favorite

Your Privacy Rights - Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) gives you details of our privacy practices , including : ( a ) what types of information we collect about you ; ( b ) how the information will be used ; ( c ) to whom we disclose the information ; and ( d ) how we safeguard the information .
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will provide notice of any major changes by posting notice on the Site .
By providing personal information and/or non-personal information to us through the Site , our stores or through our customer service department in connection with our Site , you are agreeing to let Musician 's Friend collect and use your information as described in the Privacy Policy .
What Information Do We Collect and Why ?
Registration and Payment Information :
We may ask you to provide us with personal information on a voluntary basis in certain areas of the Site , and you will be required to provide personal information when you make purchases on the Site .
The kinds of personal information that we may request may include your name , address , email address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information ( `` Personal Information '' ) and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
All such information will be treated in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
IP Addresses and `` Cookie '' Information :
As is the case with many sites , the Site logs your IP address and uses standard technology called `` cookies , '' which are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit the Site .
Cookies automatically identify your browser to the musiciansfriend.com server whenever you interact with the Site .
We use cookies and the information they provide to improve our services and the quality of your experience with the Site .
If you prefer not to allow us to collect `` cookie '' information , you can disable the cookies by turning them off in your browser , although some areas of the Site may not function properly if you do .
We do not link IP addresses to your name , email address or other Personal Information .
This means that your session will be tracked , but you will not be personally identified .
However , certain kinds of cookies allow us to store certain information of yours so you can save time in filling out forms on the Site .
We only send this type of cookie to your browser when you have provided your consent for us to save your profile information .
Web Beacons and Clear GIFs :
The Site may also use pieces of code called `` web beacons '' or `` clear gifs '' to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the Site or when you are provided the opportunity to complete surveys , participate in a sweepstakes or other incentives , or open or respond to any newsletter or other email you may have received from the Site .
These web beacons or clear GIFs may also be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy .
Use of Information From Third Parties :
Musician 's Friend may use consumer information obtained from third party providers for a variety of purposes , including improving the accuracy of our customer database , to increase our understanding of our customer database , to increase our understanding of our customers , to identify potential new customers and to better tailor our advertising to our customers .
Third-Party Optimization Providers and Cookie Opt-Out :
We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications .
We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site .
The type of information we collect includes information provided by the customer ( including information necessary to complete transactions ) , IP addresses , cookie information ( and other information that tracks browsing and purchasing history ) .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used .
If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site , products , offers and marketing strategy , you can `` opt-out '' of our ability to analyze such data by clicking here .
Third Party Advertising Partners :
We may share your personally-identifiable information , including your name , address , email address , as well as a record of any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with third-party advertising partners and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites .
Our advertising partners will make the data we provide it anonymous when utilized in advertising .
To learn more about the use of this information or choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partners by opting out , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here .
How Else Does Musician 's Friend Use Information That It Collects from the Site ?
As well as using information about you for the specific purposes set out above , we may also use information about visitors to the Site to monitor consumer interest in our range of products and services , to troubleshoot problems that may arise on our Site , to protect against fraud or other criminal activity on our Site and other websites , to customize your user experience on the Site , to notify you of product or service offerings that we think may be of interest to you , to inform you about special promotions , and to assist us in tailoring our product lines , our services , and the content of the Site to our online visitors ' needs by collecting information about their preferences through tracking patterns of page-viewing on the Site .
To assist in this , at certain times , we create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that we think you might be interested in and to display the content according to your preferences .
We may also share data we collect about you , your devices and other visitors to the Site in an anonymous or aggregated form with our business partners and others .
Musician 's Friend may disclose information about individual users to third parties who provide services to Musician 's Friend and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
These third parties provide a variety of services to Musician 's Friend , including , without limitation , fulfilling product orders , managing or hosting the Site , helping create new content and promotions for the Site , and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications to users who have consented to receive such materials .
In situations where you have supplied your information in connection with a question or request for information about a product or service offered by one of our business partners , we may also send the information you have supplied to the business partners that offer such products or services .
From time to time , Musician 's Friend may be required to share personal information in response to a valid court order , subpoena , government investigation , or as otherwise required by law .
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we , in good faith , believe to be unlawful .
In addition , we may share certain personal information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property and safety of our company and/or others .
Musician 's Friend may also share personally identifiable information with controlling entities , entities it controls , and those under common control .
Finally , Musician 's Friend may transfer personal information to participating companies in the event of a corporate sale , merger , acquisition , dissolution or similar event .
You can correct factual errors in your Personal Information by sending us a request that credibly shows any error .
If you wish to access , update or correct your Personal Information that we collect online , please contact us by mail at the address shown in the How to Contact section below .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
From time to time , Musician 's Friend may notify you by email of special promotions , changes to our Site , new product lines or products or service offerings that we think may be of special interest to you .
If you decide you no longer want to receive emails notifying you of this information , click here to unsubscribe or follow the instructions in each promotional message .
Musician 's Friend may occasionally share its mailing list or a part of its mailing list with other reputable organizations .
If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations , or do not wish to receive our mailings , please contact us at 1-800-449-9128 .
Please note that requested changes to the Mailing List may take up to eight ( 8 ) weeks to take effect , particularly if we are removing your name from our postal mailings .
Email Opt Out requests will be processed within ten ( 10 ) days .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
We use these procedures to better safeguard your information .
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required and only authorized individuals are permitted access to the information that you provide to us .
We take physical , technical and administrative measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Personal Information , however ; we can not guarantee that these measures will prevent breaches of the integrity and security of our network and systems , or that Personal Information will never be accessed or acquired by unauthorized persons , notwithstanding the safeguards we have in place .
You hereby acknowledge that Musician 's Friend is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet , and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner .
The Site provides links to various websites operated by third parties including , but not limited to , third party sites that display the Musician 's Friend trademarks .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites that are accessible through the Musician 's Friend site .
When you click on one of these links , you will be transferred out of our website and connected to the website of the organization or company that maintains that website .
Even if an affiliation exists between our Site and a third party website , we exercise no control over linked sites .
Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other websites to learn how they collect , use , share and secure your information before providing any personal information .
Terms And Modifications to Privacy Policy
By using the Site , you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with these terms , you should not use the Site .
Musician 's Friend may modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
If a material change is made to this Privacy Policy and/or the way we use our users ' personal identifiable information , then we will post notice of that change on the first page of this Privacy Policy .
You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it .
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your consent to any changes to this Privacy Policy .
Collection Of Children 's Personal Information
Musician 's Friend is committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The Site is not directed at children under the age of 13 , and Musician 's Friend does not collect or maintain personal information online from children we actually know are under the age of 13 .
Should a child who we know is under 13 send personal information to us , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child ( or a parent or guardian ) to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information .
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and/or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under this Privacy Policy , please contact us by mail at :
Musician 's Friend Inc .
Westlake Village , CA 91359
If you communicate with us , we may retain this correspondence to improve our products , services , and the Site , and for other disclosed purposes .
We may use information you provide to us in order to send you updates , such as notifications of changes to the terms of our services or important information about our services and products .

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( THIS `` PRIVACY POLICY '' ) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE , APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER MLB ADVANCED MEDIA , L.P .
PRODUCT OR SERVICE .
MLB Advanced Media , L.P. is the organization that produces and publishes the Official Website of Major League Baseball , which encompasses MLB.com , the Official Websites of the thirty ( 30 ) Major League Baseball ( `` MLB '' ) Clubs , the Official Websites of certain other MLB-related properties ( collectively , this `` Website '' ) , downloadable mobile applications ( e.g . MLB.com At Bat , MLB.com At the Ballpark ) available from third party application storefronts ( `` Application ( s ) '' '' ) , mobile games available from third party application storefronts ( e.g . MLB.com Beat the Streak , MLB.com ) ( `` Mobile Games '' ) and games and other applications available from third party social media locations and gaming websites ( `` Social Games '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website , the Applications , Mobile Games and the Social Games , all of which will be called `` Services '' throughout this Privacy Policy , and describes what information we collect , how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services .
Personal Information Collected Via Our Services
How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
Additional Information About Collection of Location Data
Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts
Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services .
Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared
Personal Information Collected Via Our Services
Information You Provide .
You may visit and enjoy many elements of our Services without disclosing any personal information about yourself .
However , to make use of select , special or enhanced elements of the Services , you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly .
When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services ( e.g. , create a profile , register for a promotion , make a purchase , or publish a comment ) , the personal information we collect may include , but is not limited to :
Telephone number ( s ) ,
Payment card information ,
Contacts ( as stored in your wireless device ) ,
Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you .
If we collect such information , in most instances , the applicable page ( s ) or location ( s ) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information .
In addition to the list above , there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page ( s ) within the Services .
How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
If you submit personal information to us , or to any third party acting on our behalf , we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as disclosed when you first submit your information .
We will not sell , lease , publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above and we may :
Use your information to provide services you 've requested or provide you with offers , promotions ( e.g. , a sweepstakes , fantasy game , subscription to goods or services , etc . ) or content or add you to our postal mail list ;
Share your information with certain third parties , including service providers , sponsors and promotional partners , so they may help us provide services , offers , promotions or content youve requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information , so the third party can administer the promotion , send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list ;
Use and share your information with one or more MLB Clubs or entities , to the extent that you 've submitted information or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such Club ( s ) or entities ( e.g. , you 've asked to receive the newsletter of a Club or you 've purchased Club-specific merchandise ) , so they may learn more about fans like you , add you to the Club 's postal mail list and provide better services to you ;
Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party ;
Use and share your information with our third-party survey partners to send you periodic surveys to help improve our Services or your MLB experience ;
Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty , membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program ; or
Use and share your information with permission from you .
Additional Information About Collection of Location Data
Location Data We Collect .
When you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data .
Please be advised , for some features within our Applications to function ( e.g . live MLB game video ) we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us .
The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors , including the device you are using ( e.g . laptop , smartphone , tablet ) and how you are connected to the internet ( e.g . via cable broadband connection , WiFi , etc . ) .
If you enable location services for our Applications , we may collect location data ( e.g . zip code ) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications .
We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you .
Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications ( e.g. , Apples iOS , Googles Android , Windows , etc . ) you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application ( s ) whether location data is collected .
Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts
Our Access to Your Contacts .
When you use our Mobile Games , we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list ( e.g. , address book ) so that we may match individuals from your contacts lists with those participating in our Mobile Games so you can invite your friends to play with and against you .
We will not store the information in your contacts list .
Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services
Our Cookies and Web Beacons
We use and permit automatic methods such as cookies ( small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's or device 's hard drive ) , web beacons ( technology used to track activity , also known as pixel tags ) or similar technologies , alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include , but is not limited to : personal information as authorized by you , the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet ; email address ; login name and password ; operating system type , version and computer or device platform ; purchase history ; the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to , on and from our Services , including date and time ; and products you viewed or searched .
We use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks and mouse-overs ) and methods used to browse away from a page .
We use and may allow certain third parties , such as those who provide services associated with our Services , to access these automatic data collection methods to enable you to use a `` shopping cart '' while using our Services , to store your preferences and to improve , deliver and customize our Services ' content and offerings .
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons ; Network Advertisers
We allow select third parties , such as those who deliver advertisements , content , social networking or provide other services associated with our Services , to set cookies , web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the Services or certain emails sent by us .
Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as `` network advertisers . ''
A permitted network advertiser may use cookies , web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with our Services in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within our Services and on other websites within such network advertiser 's ad network .
You may elect to opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers by clicking here .
If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers or make choices about their use of your information or find additional opt-out tools operated by advertising industry associations encompassing even more network advertisers , please click here .
When using our Services or when using certain third party social networking services ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter , Google + ) ( each and collectively , a `` Social Network '' ) , you may have the option to connect your Website , Application , Mobile Game or Social Game information and activity with your Social Network information and activity .
If you authorize such a connection , you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services , with that Social Network and its users , and to access certain of your Social Network information , as disclosed by you at the time you consent to the connection .
Information we may share with a Social Network may include , but is not limited to : technical information about your Services activity , your Services comments or the videos you watch on our Services .
Information we may access about you , with your consent , from a Social Network may include , but is not limited to , your basic Social Network information , your location data , your list of contacts , friends or followers , and certain of your activities on the Social Network .
If you permit a connection between a Social Network and our Services , we ( and that Social Network ) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you .
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to our Services .
When using our Mobile Games , we or our third party service provider may collect your unique device ID and share it on an aggregated and anonymous basis to help us understand our users and provide you a better experience .
The aggregated and anonymous data may also be used by our third party service provider in connection with its products and services .
If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data collection , please click here and follow the instructions .
Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared
Aggregated Demographic Information .
We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties .
This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person .
As time passes , MLB Advanced Media , L.P. may be sold along with its assets , or other corporate transactions may occur .
In such a case , our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Disclosure for Legal Purposes .
We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas , warrants or orders .
If we are required to do so , we will , of course , obey the law .
In addition , notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy , we reserve the right to use , disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person , violations of Terms of Use of any of our Services or as required by law .
You may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via our Services .
If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on our Services , please do not use such functionality or content .
If you have registered for an account through our Services , you may review and revise certain of your account information by clicking here to log in , and then navigating the left-hand menu options .
You may modify your subscriptions to our various promotional email communications and newsletters by accessing the `` Email Subscriptions '' section within your Website account .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies .
Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website , called local shared objects or Flash cookies , may not be managed using the settings in your web browser .
Information on managing , accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website .
If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects , you may not be able to take advantage of certain Services .
If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration or in connection with a purchase or other activity while using our Services , or change the promotional email communications or newsletters you receive from us , you may either ( 1 ) click here to log in , and then click on the applicable left-hand menu option , or ( 2 ) call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 .
If you want to close your Website account and have us delete the personal information in it ( except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes ) , you should call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 .
Remember that when you share information publicly online , it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others , and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source .
No Spyware or Adware .
We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Services , or distribute any commercial message , or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message , by means of spyware or adware .
`` Spyware '' or `` adware '' is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user 's computer or device , without the user 's actual consent , and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user .
If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine , there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred .
Our Security Practices .
The account information associated with any of our Services is password protected for your privacy and security .
You choose your password for any of our Services so the strength of that password is determined by you .
We recommend that you choose a unique password and not share your password with anyone else .
In certain areas , we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions .
Our Services contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB Advanced Media , L.P. and to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties .
In addition , if you click on an advertisement within our Services , you may be directed to a web page within our Services or to a third-party website or product .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products , and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you .
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services , unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product , in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply .
Your California Privacy Rights .
If you are a resident of California , pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party 's direct marketing purposes .
Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Special Rules For Children .
Because of federal law , we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child 's parent or guardian .
The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen .
Some elements of our Services ( e.g. , shop , ticketing , and auctions ) require the submission of a payment card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase ; other elements of our Services ( e.g. , fantasy baseball ) require the submission of personal information to access or use the Services .
Except in certain cases where limited contact information may be collected and not retained , these elements of our Services are available to children under the age of thirteen .
If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a service on our Services which is not available to children , he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature .
Contact Us Regarding Privacy .
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us at :
Address : 75 Ninth Avenue
City : New York , State : New York Zip Code : 10011
Phone : ( 212 ) 485-6142
Fax : ( 212 ) 485-8111
Notification of Changes .
If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy , we will post a notification and link on our Website 's homepage and within our Applications , Mobile Games and Social Games so that you may review the updated policy .
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE : MAY 24 , 2013

We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used .
Please read the following to understand about our privacy practices .
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of our website , mobile site or app ( the Site ) .
Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information .
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect , offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) .
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully .
By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service .
Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the Last Updated date to reflect the date of the changes .
By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified .
Your access of the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Notice does not constitute your acceptance of this Notice unless you make any further access or use of our Site .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the Shine The Light law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Information You Provide .
We may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while on our Site .
This may include information that can be used to contact or identify you , such as your name , email address , or postal address .
Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions or participate in contests , surveys or sweepstakes , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site .
We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site .
We may collect location information ( e.g. , city and state and/or zip code ) that you provide .
Certain devices and browsers contain unique identifiers that can be used to identify the geographical location of the device .
When you use such a device or browser to access our Site , your device and/or browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your location information .
We also may collect GPS information from the device if the device transmits it .
Additionally , if you download our app , we may collect your location information in order to deliver our app services .
If you choose to enable certain features in our apps that require your geographic location , then we will collect and store that information .
Other Information Automatically Collected to Improve the Site and Deliver Targeted Advertising .
We also collect and store information through a variety of automatic technologies , such as browser and flash cookies , pixels and web beacons about your use of our Site , including device identifying information such as IP addresses , MAC address or other device-specific alphanumerical ID numbers , the make and model of your device , the wireless provider associated with your device , whether you downloaded the app , the source of the download of the App ( for example , whether via a particular advertisement for the App ) , when the App is launched , how many times a particular page within the Site is visited , which features the users interact with , and your device or computer 's connection to the Internet .
If you choose to connect to our Site through a social network such as Facebook , we may automatically collect your profile information .
These things allow us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site .
The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf .
We also may use cookies and other similar technologies on the Site .
Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to enhance your experience with the Site .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns .
They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before .
This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as transparent GIFs ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages .
HOW INFORMATION IS USED
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , for the purpose for which the information was submitted , to process your registration request , to provide you with services and communications that you have requested , to send you email updates and other communications , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , to deliver our Site content to you , to measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and to improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site .
We may use location information , either information you provided by you or information automatically collected , in order to provide you with content , services and advertising that is relevant to your geographic area .
We may combine information we collect from you while you are using our Site with information that we collect from other sources to customize features , content and advertising that appear on our Site .
In addition , we may use any information submitted by or collected from you via the Site for any purpose related to the Site , including to contact you for customer service purposes , to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site , and to send you administrative notices and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you .
When we request information from you on the Site , you may always choose not to provide us with that information .
But if you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
If you want to limit the information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy setting .
If you choose to disable cookies or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED
Sharing with Affiliates , Partners and Third Party Service Providers .
We may provide your information to our affiliates or to third parties , including our third party service providers and contractors , for purposes related to Site administration and other services .
For example , if you use a credit or debit card to complete a transaction on our Site , we may share your personal information and credit card number with a credit card processing and/or a fulfillment company in order to complete your transaction , or such service provider ( s ) may collect that information from you directly , on our behalf .
If you do not wish certain information to be shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice .
We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers , where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content , products and/or services .
We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner .
In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly , in which cases the Privacy Notice of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information .
The Privacy Notice of our provider partners may differ from ours .
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information .
Sharing Information with Third Parties for Advertising and Other Promotional Purposes .
We may use third-party service providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers and advertisers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These third party providers and advertisers may use their own browser or flash cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect technical information ( such as unique device identifier , IP address , MAC address , browser type , pages visited , and location information ) from users of the Site that is generated automatically as a user views or interacts with an ad .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites and other sources , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites .
Unless you affirmatively provide information within an ad , the data collected in connection with the ads , ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the device unique identifier , IP address , MAC address and location information of your computer or device .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers is governed by the relevant third party 's privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Notice
For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising , see the section Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting .
Sharing with Third Parties for Other Purposes.Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public .
Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets .
DATA COLLECTED IN CONNECTION WITH AD SERVING AND TARGETING
We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site .
The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users .
We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers .
The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice .
Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) .
INFORMATION YOU POST TO BLOGS , DISCUSSION FORUMS AND OTHER COMMUNITY POSTING OR SOCIAL NETWORKING AREAS
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY STATEMENT
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from a child under 13 .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records .
HOW TO MAKE CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION
If you are a registered user of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the tools available via the Site or by contacting us .
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters , you also may change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by logging in to your account .
If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the Customer Service pages of our Site .
All information we gather on our Site is stored within databases to which only we and services providers are provided access .
However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third-party , use of any information you provide is governed by the Privacy Notice of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , you can contact :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107

For the privacy policy of MONEY , FORTUNE , or FORTUNE Small Business magazine , operated by Time , Inc. , please click the appropriate link :
Thank you for visiting CNNMoney.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( `` Turner '' ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turner 's network of affiliated websites ( `` Turner Network '' ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates .
The Information We Collect
At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites .
A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT & T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the 'likes ' you make , etc . ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy .
When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity .
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure .
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site .
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties .
Cookies , Web Beacons , Analytics and Advertising
To enhance your online experience , we use `` cookies '' or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content .
Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation .
Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser .
You can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's website directly .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use `` web beacons '' or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include `` do not track '' instructions .
However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known .
Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites .
For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use `` web beacons '' to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest .
It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the `` cookies '' stored in your browser .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads .
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page .
Turner 's Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options
Turner is a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the `` DAA '' ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) at the NAI site .
Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally .
In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate .
The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement .
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online .
How You Can Access or Correct Information
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service .
Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
One CNN Center , 13 North
Atlanta , GA 30303
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in November , 2013 .

IMPORTANT ! Starfall does not collect personal information from children .
As a general precaution , warn children never to give out their name , address , or other personal information on any website .
Information Collection and Use
We at Starfall respect your privacy and are committed to protect it .
We do not require users to provide personal information to use and access our sites .
The only time personal information is required is during membership registration on More.Starfall.com , for purchases at the Starfall Store on order.starfall.org , or on our contact/feedback pages .
This information is not shared and is used only for the purpose for which it was entered .
When children play games or read books we do not ask for any personal information .
We use cookies only to determine the number of unique users , help you navigate or set preferences , verify sign-in information on More.Starfall.com and the More Starfall app , and keep track of your order on order.starfall.org .
We do not collect personal information through cookies and do not share cookies with third parties .
Access Log and IP address
Our web site has an access and error log to record site activity and analyze problems .
The log contains the user 's IP address which is kept private .
We do not offer social networking ( commercial or otherwise ) or `` chat room '' access of any kind , in accordance with children 's internet safety concerns .
We have no external advertisements on Starfall apps or websites .
Starfall may disclose user information if required in response to judicial process , or to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety .
This privacy policy may be updated in the future and posted here .
If you are concerned , please check back occasionally .

Microsoft Developer Services Privacy Statement
Last updated : October 2013
Microsoft is committed to protecting your privacy .
This privacy statement applies to the data collected through Microsoft Developer Services ( the Services ) ; it does not apply to other online or offline Microsoft sites , products , or services .
We will use Customer Data ( as defined in your agreement ( s ) with Microsoft ) only to provide you the Services .
This may include troubleshooting aimed at preventing , detecting or repairing problems affecting the operation of the Services .
It may also include the improvement of features that involve the detection of , and protection against , emerging and evolving threats to users ( such as malware or spam ) .
You may invite others to use the Services ( Team Members ) .
When Team Members are invited to use the Services , they will be required to accept the applicable Service agreement ( s ) in order to access and use the Services .
This Privacy Statement applies to all who access the Services , including Team Members .
You may share information , including Customer Data , with the Team Members .
Inviting Team Members is solely at your discretion .
You are solely responsible for managing Team Members ' access to Customer Data .
Account Data is the contact information you provide as part of signing-up or administrating the Services .
For example , Account Data includes name , address , phone , whether collected at sign-up or later during administration of the Services .
We may contact you to provide information for billing and important updates about the Services , including information about security or other technical issues regarding the Services .
We may also contact you regarding a third-party inquiry we receive regarding use of the Services .
You will not be able to unsubscribe from these communications , as they are considered an essential part of the Services .
With your permission , we may occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Microsoft and its affiliates .
You can opt-out from receiving newsletters or promotional e-mail anytime by following the steps as described in the respective newsletter or promotional e-mail .
In addition to any sharing by Microsoft set forth in your agreement ( s ) with Microsoft , or in this Privacy Statement , Microsoft may share or disclose your information :
With your permission or with permission from your Team Members .
With other Microsoft controlled subsidiaries and affiliates , or as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets .
With vendors or agents .
Specifically , we may share it with companies we 've hired to provide services on our behalf .
When we share information with these other companies to provide services for us , they are not allowed to use it for any other purpose and must keep it confidential .
To comply with the law .
We will not disclose Customer Data to a third party ( including law enforcement , other government entity or civil litigant ) except as you direct or required by law .
Should a third party contact us with a demand for Customer Data , we will attempt to redirect the third party to request it directly from you .
As part of that , we may provide your basic contact information to the third party .
If compelled to disclose Customer Data to a third party , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of a disclosure unless legally prohibited from doing so .
To protect the rights or property of Microsoft or our customers , including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services .
Act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Microsoft employees , customers or the public .
Please note the Services may include links to third-party services whose privacy practices may differ from those of Microsoft .
Your use of such services , and any information you provide to a third party , is governed by their privacy statements .
We encourage you to review these third-party privacy statements .
Microsoft is committed to helping protect the security of your information .
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
For example , we store the information you provide on computer systems with limited access , which are located in controlled facilities .
Except as otherwise specified in this privacy statement , data may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Microsoft or its affiliates , subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities .
Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Switzerland .
Usage Data and Analytics
We may use aggregated statistical data , trends and usage information derived from your use of the Services for the purpose of providing , operating , maintaining or improving the Services as well as any Microsoft products and services .
In order to access the Services , you or your end users may be required to sign in using a Microsoft Account .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update our privacy statements to reflect customer feedback and changes in our Services .
When we post changes to a statement , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of the statement .
If there are material changes to the statement or in how Microsoft will use your personal information , we will notify you either by posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification .
We encourage you to periodically review the privacy statements for the products and services you use to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information .
How to Contact Us
Microsoft welcomes your comments .
Redmond , Washington , 98052-6399 USA
Most Microsoft web sites use `` cookies , '' which are small text files placed on a device 's hard disk by a web server .
We may use cookies for :
Storing your Preferences and Settings .
When a user enters a city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft site , we may store that city or postal code in a cookie .
This can save time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information .
Sign-in , Authentication , and Fraud Detection .
When a user signs in to a site or service using a Microsoft or organizational account , we store the user 's unique ID number and sign-in time , in an encrypted cookie on the user 's hard disk .
This cookie allows the user to move from page to page at the site without having to sign in again on each page .
When the user signs out , these cookies are deleted from the user 's computer .
We also use cookies to improve the sign-in experience .
For example , a user 's email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on his or her computer after sign out .
This cookie allows the user 's email address to be pre-populated , so that the user will only need to type the password at the next sign in .
Users who do not want this information to be stored can select the appropriate radio button on the sign-in page .
We may use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service or to develop other aggregate statistics about the operations of our sites and services .
These analytics help us operate and improve the performance and usability of these sites and services .
Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites are displayed by Microsoft Advertising .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more persistent cookies on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time we display an ad to you .
Because we serve advertisements on our own websites as well as those of our advertising and publisher partners , we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your computer , visited or viewed .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you .
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed in the following chart .
This list is not exhaustive , but it is intended to illustrate some of the reasons we set cookies .
If you visit one of our web sites , the site may set some or all of the following cookies :
Identifies unique browsers to Microsoft sites .
It is used for site analytics and other operational purposes .
Cookie for Storing the Tenant ID
Sets a unique ID identifying the user session .
It is used for site analytics and other operational purposes .
Contains a country code as determined by reverse IP address lookup .
Authentication cookies ( e.g. , IntuneID , wsresult , ) used when a user signs in with an organizational account .
Cookie that stores if the user would like to view the full site instead of the mobile site
In addition to the cookies Microsoft may set when you users visit our web sites , third parties may also set certain cookies on your hard drive when users you visit Microsoft sites .
In some cases , that is because we have hired the third party to provide certain services on our behalf , such as site analytics .
How to Control Cookies
Browser Controls to Block Cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to block cookies .
For example , in Internet Explorer 9 , you may block cookies by taking the following steps :
Click `` Tools '' and then select `` Internet Options ''
Click the `` Privacy '' tab at the top of the window
Move the slider up or down to select the types of cookies you wish to block
Please be aware that users who choose to block cookies may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Microsoft sites and services that depend on cookies .
Browser Controls to Delete Cookies .
If you accept cookies , you can delete them later .
For example , in Internet Explorer 9 , you may delete cookies by taking the following steps :
Click `` Tools '' and then select `` Internet Options ''
On the `` General '' tab , under `` Browsing History , '' click the `` Delete '' button
On the pop-up , select the box next to Cookies
Click the `` Delete '' button
Please be aware that if you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies , including advertising preferences , will be deleted and may need to be recreated .
Browser Controls for Do Not Track and Tracking Protection .
Some newer browsers have incorporated Do Not Track features .
Most of these features , when turned on , send a signal or preference to the web sites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked .
Those sites may continue to engage in activities you might view as tracking even though you have expressed this preference , depending on the sites ' privacy practices .
Internet Explorer 9 and later has a feature called Tracking Protection that helps prevent the web sites you go to from automatically sending details about your visit to third-party content providers .
When you add a Tracking Protection List , Internet Explorer will block third-party content , including cookies , from any site that is listed as a site to be blocked .
By limiting calls to these sites , Internet Explorer will limit the information these third-party sites can collect about you .
And when you have a Tracking Protection List enabled , Internet Explorer will send a Do Not Track signal or preference to the web sites you visit .
For more information about Tracking Protection Lists and how to find them , please see the Internet Explorer privacy statement or Internet Explorer Help .
Our Use of Web Beacons
Microsoft web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used for fraud detection , to help deliver cookies on our sites , let us count users who have visited those pages and deliver co-branded services .
We may include web beacons in our promotional email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
Finally , Microsoft sites may contain web beacons from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics .
These web beacons may allow the third parties to set or read a cookie on your computer .
We prohibit third parties from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access your personal information .
Nevertheless , users may be able to opt out from data collection or use by these third-party analytics companies by clicking the links for each of the following analytics providers :

FOX Sports Digital Privacy Policy
Effective Date : November 15 , 2013
Table of Contents :
Fox Sports Digital ( `` FSD '' ) , which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group , Inc. , has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect , use and disclose information .
This Privacy Policy applies to the sports-related websites , mobile sites , applications ( `` apps '' ) , widgets , and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , the `` FSD Sites '' ) , including Foxsports.com , Foxsoccer.com , Speed.com , FoxDeportes.com , and SoonerSports.tv .
By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
To see a list of our affiliated companies ( `` FSD Affiliates '' ) click here .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the FSD Sites are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use some of the FSD Sites without being registered for a FSD Site and those who have registered for one or more FSD Site .
This Privacy Policy applies to FSD 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally FSD 's practices for handling non-personal information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Services Offered with Microsoft
We work with Microsoft to bring you certain features for some of the FSD Sites .
By providing information to or using the FSD Sites , you agree that we may share your information with Microsoft .
FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : .
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Sites , for example to create a FSD account , post comments , receive a newsletter or mobile alert , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code , birthday , and phone number .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Sites and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Social Media Information and Content .
If you access or log-in to a FSD Site through a social media service or another website , app , service or log-in ( `` Other Service '' ) , or connect a FSD Site to Other Services , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service , any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends ' lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service ( collectively , `` Social Media Information and Content '' ) .
When you access the FSD Sites through Other Services , or when you connect a FSD Site to Other Services , you are authorizing FSD to collect , store , and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Site Activity Information .
When you access and interact with the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the FSD Sites , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the FSD Sites from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Sites to it .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) , which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier , may also be used .
Websites , apps , and services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Sites , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support the FSD Sites by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
FSD does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies , you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the FSD Sites .
Information from Other Sources .
To improve the quality of the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners .
Means of Notice and Choice .
This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information .
FSD will not use your personal information in a manner that is new or unexpected without giving you a choice .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
FSD may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Sites .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data Storage .
The FSD Sites are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The FSD Sites may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Sites via a link , enable an unaffiliated service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( `` Payment Service '' ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes :
To provide and manage the FSD Sites .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Sites and features to you , including to measure and improve those FSD Sites and features , to personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content , advertising and marketing messages , to allow you to comment on content , participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , and to respond to inquiries .
We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Sites to assist us in this regard .
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Sites .
FSD may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the FSD Sites .
These service providers are required to protect the personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and FSD .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log-in with or connect your social media account with a FSD Site , we will share your social media user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Sites ' users and with your friends associated with your social media account .
We will also share the same information with your social media account provider .
By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Sites account and your social media account , you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Sites account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Sites .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( `` Co-Branded Services '' ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
We and our service providers may use the information you provide to us , information we and our service providers collect about your use of the FSD Sites , and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies , to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Sites or Other Services .
As noted above , these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To contact you .
FSD may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or notifications related to the FSD Sites to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from a FSD Site , you can change your FSD account setting , or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email , or send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for `` Privacy Policy matters '' listed here .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the FSD Sites or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Affiliates .
FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy .
Users who visit FSD Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications , consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of FSD and others .
There may be instances when FSD may disclose your information without providing notice or choice , including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of FSD , our FSD Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the FSD Sites or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
In some instances , we may combine that information with personal information , such as combining your zip code with your name .
If we combine this information with personal information , the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined .
FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database , or if you have other questions about your personal information .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for `` Disclosure Opt-out '' listed here , with `` Disclosure Opt-out '' in the subject line and your full name , email address , postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with Other Services .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( e.g. , social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the FSD Sites or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for `` Privacy Policy matters '' listed here .

Cleveland Clinic 's mission is , and always will be , Patients First .
We understand , acknowledge and respect any individual 's right to privacy and the concerns one may have in regard to privacy and security .
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by our patients , as well as , general users of our website .
IMPORTANT NOTE ! The Cleveland Clinic Notice of Privacy Practices is a separate document that governs how medical information about you may be used and disclosed by Cleveland Clinic .
IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY , PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY PERSONNEL ( 911 ) TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION .
DO NOT RELY ON ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR IMMEDIATE , URGENT MEDICAL NEEDS .
THIS E-MAIL IS NOT DESIGNED TO FACILITATE MEDICAL EMERGENCIES .
CLEVELAND CLINIC CAN NOT GUARANTEE RESPONSE TIMES IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THIS E-MAIL IN THE EVENT OF A MEDICAL EMERGENCY .
A visitor can access and browse our entire site at any time without providing any personal information .
We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it .
In addition , Cleveland Clinic does not share any personally identifiable information of any individual with any third party unrelated to Cleveland Clinic , except in situations where we must provide information for legal purposes or investigations , or if so directed by the patient through a proper authorization .
Our website contains forms through which users may request information or supply feedback to us .
In some cases , telephone numbers , email addresses or return addresses are required so that we can supply requested information to you , and in other cases , correct names and addresses are required to process credit card payments .
After you fill out a form , we may contact you with follow-up information ( unless you have checked an `` opt-out '' box on the form ) .
We do not provide any information supplied on our web forms to any outside organization for any reason ( other than where we may be required to by law , or as necessary to process credit card information ) .
We do not save this personal information for any other reason .
Occasionally , we may survey visitors to our site .
The information from these surveys is used in aggregate form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site .
We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you .
If we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it .
If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request .
`` Phishing '' is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an email that looks like it is from Cleveland Clinic asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email .
User Name and Password
In the event you access any Service requiring a User Name and Password , you are solely responsible for keeping such User Name and Password strictly confidential .
Cleveland Clinic collects non-personal information such as website usage , traffic patterns , site performance and related statistics based on our tracking of your visits to the website .
The Web server automatically collects the IP ( which stands for Internet Protocol ) address of the computers that access our site .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet .
It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer .
We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors .
Please note that although such information is not personally identifiable , we can determine from an IP address a visitor 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
We collect information about visitors to our site using `` first party cookies , which are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
Cookies are never associated with specific personal identities .
First party cookies are distinct from third party cookies that they are created and directly served by the company hosting the website .
We use two types of cookies on this site :
We use persistent cookies to recognize a repeat visitor , enabling us the opportunity to offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit .
We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site .
You can delete our cookies at any time .
The `` help '' section , located on the toolbar of most browsers , will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether .
Since cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website 's best features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Please note that our forms are encrypted to protect your privacy .
Once the information is sent to our site , it is kept in secure databases where it is not available to users on the Internet .
While we sometimes ask for credit card numbers or certain service transactions , and either pass them on to a credit card processing service or process them manually , we do not store credit card numbers online .
Cleveland Clinic periodically reviews and modifies , where appropriate , its security policies and procedures .
We use reasonable care to protect your personally identifiable and confidential information provided by you to our site .
Cleveland Clinic has in place a security program that seeks to mitigate this risk substantially .
MATERIALS , SERVICES AND OTHER INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED AS IS BY CLEVELAND CLINIC FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY .
CLEVELAND CLINIC MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE , TITLE OR NON INFRINGEMENT .
PLEASE NOTE THAT , BY ITS VERY NATURE , A WEBSITE CAN NOT BE ABSOLUTELY PROTECTED AGAINST INTENTIONAL OR MALICIOUS INTRUSION ATTEMPTS .
FURTHERMORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC DOES NOT CONTROL THE DEVICES OR COMPUTERS OR THE INTERNET OVER WHICH YOU MAY CHOOSE TO SEND CONFIDENTIAL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CAN NOT , THEREFORE , PREVENT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS OF COMPROMISES TO YOUR INFORMATION WHILE IN TRANSIT TO CLEVELAND CLINIC .
THEREFORE , CLEVELAND CLINIC HEREBY MAKES NO GUARANTEE AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR STORED WITHIN THIS WEBSITE .
BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CARE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION WHILE IN TRANSIT , CLEVELAND CLINIC CAN NOT AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ABSOLUTE SECURITY OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR TRANSMISSIONS SINCE ANY TRANSMISSION MADE OVER THE INTERNET BY ANY ORGANIZATION OR ANY INDIVIDUAL RUNS THE RISK OF INTERCEPTION .
IN ADDITION , WE HEREBY MAKE NO GUARANTEE AS TO SECURITY , INTEGRITY OR CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THIS WEBSITE , OR STORED WITHIN THIS WEBSITE .
YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF TRANSMITTING YOUR INFORMATION AS IT RELATES TO THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE , AND FOR ANY DATA CORRUPTIONS , INTENTIONAL INTERCEPTIONS , INTRUSIONS OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO INFORMATION , OR OF ANY DELAYS , INTERRUPTIONS TO OR FAILURES PREVENTING THE USE THIS WEBSITE .
IN NO EVENT SHALL CLEVELAND CLINIC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL OR MONETARY DAMAGES , INCLUDING FEES , AND PENALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF MATERIALS POSTED ON THIS SITE OR CONNECTIVITY TO OR FROM THIS SITE TO ANY OTHER SITE .
CLEVELAND CLINIC MAY CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU .
Other services provided by Cleveland Clinic on this Website may require you to agree to additional terms .
BY USING THIS WEBSITE , YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS
Last updated : 3/18/2009
Copyright 2000-2013 Cleveland Clinic .
All Rights Reserved .

n4g.com recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of n4g.com .
We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users ' right to privacy .
n4g.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user .
n4g.com is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which we may provide links or the websites of our affiliates or advertisers .
Information Collected by n4g.com
n4g.com collects information about users during their registration for our newsletter and during their participation in certain activities on our website , including contests .
When users request pages from our server , our Web server automatically collects some information about the users , including their IP addresses .
These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users .
n4g.com does not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission .
By entering n4g.com contests , users consent to the use of their name in the announcement of the winners on the n4g.com site and/or Newsletter , and use of their name and likeness for advertising and/or promotional and/or marketing purposes .
Users ' contact information may also be used by n4g.com to notify the user they have won and to confirm their mailing address .
n4g.com may use user entered information in combination with site usage information to help display advertisements relevant to the users interest and navigation patterns .
n4g.com may use cookies to help in tracking these patterns but does not store or collect any personal data in combination with user supplied information .
Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters .
You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's `` help '' file .
n4g.com uses additional third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .

Last Modified : December 3 , 2012
We created this Privacy Policy ( this `` Policy '' ) to give you , the user , confidence as you visit and use the Site or the Game , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy .
By visiting the Site or using the Game , you consent to our collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Policy .
This Policy is only applicable to the Site and the Game , and not to any other third-party websites that you may be able to access from the Site , each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy .
Riot Games has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Riot Games complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Riot Games has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE PRACTICES
What Basic Information Does Riot Games Collect ?
We typically collect personal information that you provide to us on a voluntary basis , and you may visit areas on the Site without choosing to do so .
However , in order to use certain parts of the Site and/or log-on to play the Game , you will be required to create an account by providing us your email address and selecting a unique username and password ( an Account ) .
For age verification purposes , we also ask for your birthday during the Account creation process .
In the course of maintaining your Account , you might also be asked to participate in online surveys about the Game , or in other Game-related promotional contests , participation in which is entirely voluntary .
You might also desire to contact our customer support team via the Support tab found on the Site .
In participating in such promotional activities or in contacting customer support , you might be requested to provide additional information beyond your email address , including your name , full address and phone number .
In operating the Site or otherwise offering the Game , we might also request other information from you , including hardware specs , software performance metrics , game experience , refer-a-friend , and other demographic information that might be associated with your personal information , such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information .
Please note that in utilizing certain areas of the Site ( e.g . purchasing merchandise ) or the Game ( e.g . purchasing Riot Points ) , you will be requested to provide additional information in order to complete a purchase , such as your name , full address , phone number , internet protocol address ( for fraud tracking purposes ) and credit card information or other payment information depending on payment method selected .
In most instances , information provided for payment purposes will also be shared with a third party payment provider , depending on the payment method used .
Please see Section IV below regarding how third parties working on behalf of Riot Games use your personal information .
In the event that you choose to create an Account and play the Game , we also collect certain information regarding your in-Game performance and/or interactions with other users ( e.g. , wins / losses , recent champions played , average number of kills / deaths etc . ) .
These statistics are associated with your in-Game Summoner name and are publicly accessible by members of the Riot Games community .
In addition , we may share your in-Game statistics with third parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy .
To be clear , no personal information about you , such as your email address , username , IP address , or other sensitive information , will be shared as a part of this process .
If you choose to use our referral service to refer a friend to our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site .
Riot Games stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
What Additional Information Does Riot Games Collect ?
( 1 ) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION .
Our servers automatically recognize visitors ' domain names and internet protocol ( IP ) addresses ( the number assigned to computers on the Internet ) .
In addition , your web browser or Game software may transmit to Riot Games certain geographic information or other information regarding your computer , including its capabilities , hardware specs and game data processing .
No personal information about you is revealed in this process .
The Site may also gather anonymous `` traffic data '' that does not personally identify you , but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer .
( 2 ) COOKIES .
From time to time , we may use the standard `` cookies '' feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to the Site .
While we do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies , cookies help us learn which areas of the Site are useful and which areas need improvement .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser .
However , if you choose to disable this function , your experience at the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended .
( 3 ) WEB BEACONS .
Our Site pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel gifs ) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site is used and may be used in some of our emails and online advertising to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns .
What Does Riot Games Do With Collected Information ?
( 1 ) PERSONAL INFORMATION .
We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent , except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us , to comply with the law or as otherwise described in this Policy .
We may use your personal information to verify your identity or to check your qualifications , to inform you of any changes to the Site or Game , or to send you additional information about Riot Games .
We may also use your information to contact you should we believe that you are in violation of the Terms of Use Agreement ( Terms of Use ) or the End User License Agreement ( EULA ) .
( 2 ) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION .
We use anonymous information to analyze the Site traffic , but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information .
In addition , we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers , to administer the Site , or to display the content according to your preferences .
Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis .
( 3 ) USE OF COOKIES .
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests , to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site , or for other purposes .
Promotions or advertisements displayed on the Site may contain cookies .
We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on the Site .
( 4 ) COMPELLED DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION .
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on Riot Games or its parent company , subsidiaries or affiliates , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Riot Games or the users of the Site or Game , or ( c ) act under unusual , extraordinary or emergency circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site or Game .
( 5 ) SALE OF INFORMATION .
In order to accommodate changes in our business , we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets , including the information collected through the Site or otherwise collected in connection with the Game .
If Riot Games or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information and personal information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer .
Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site .
( 6 ) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .
Unfortunately , we do not maintain similar procedures within the Game software , and you must visit the Site to take such actions .
You may also request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us in accordance with Section VII.A below .
D. Notice Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE : We are a general audience site , and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age .
The Site and the Game are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children 's privacy online , and as such do not knowingly collect any personal information from any user under age 13 .
If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site or Game user is under age 13 , we will promptly delete any personal information in that user 's Account .
The Site and the Game have security measures in place to help protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information that we obtain from you .
We store your personal information on our servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to protect the security of such information .
In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Riot Games employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Site and the Game .
All Riot Games personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information .
However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through the use of the Game or the Site and we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party .
You acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND OUR CONTROL
A . Public Forums and In-Game Chat Text
The Site includes a section for interactive forums in the form of message boards ( the Forums ) to which users with an Account and an in-Game Summoner name may post .
Additionally , within the Game , you can participate in real-time interactive chat ( Chat ) with other players .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in the Forums or Chat becomes public information in which you relinquish any expectation of privacy .
Remember that Riot Games asks that you not disclose any personal information when posting in the Forums or in Chat , and you should exercise caution when deciding what information to share .
We reserve the right , but shall have no obligation , to monitor your use of the Forums or Chat .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit other websites , we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites , and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies .
We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf , such as to fulfill product orders , collect billing information and process payments .
While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information .
To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
Some of the pages within the Site utilize masking techniques to serve content to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Site .
Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties , and are doing so pursuant to the third party 's privacy policy .
Riot Games has empowered its community of users ( the Community ) to police the compliance of other users with Riot Games ' policies as they apply to in-Game behavior .
Community members , including you as a user , are allowed to report players and submit descriptions of activity and actions of certain users within the Game , and collectively determine if that particular user was in compliance with all of the Riot Games policies relating to user conduct .
Consistent with the terms of The Riot Games Tribunal Policy , all Chat will be recorded by Riot Games and stored for a period determined by Riot Games in its sole discretion , which period Riot Games may change from time to time .
Should your in-Game actions be reported by another user , and should your case come before The Tribunal , the entire Chat log from that particular reported Game session will automatically be included in The Tribunal report and available for viewing by randomly selected members of the Community that participate in The Tribunal .
As stated above , please take care to not provide any personally identifiable information in the Chat , understanding that the Chat is public information in which you do not have an expectation of privacy .
Notwithstanding the above , Riot Games will not use any personally identifiable information that might appear within the Chat for any purposes whatsoever , beyond the automatic posting of the Chat log to the Tribunal report .
A . Dispute Resolution Outside The European Union
If you are a resident of any country not a current member of the European Union , you agree that should any dispute or claim arise out of , or relate to , this Policy ( Claim ) , you will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the Claim directly with us .
You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for thirty ( 30 ) days after one party has provided written notice of the Claim to the other party , all parties shall join in mediation services in Los Angeles , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute .
Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorneys ' fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them .
Riot Games will send its notice to the address we have on file to the extent that you have provided additional contact information to us ( e.g . by participating in a promotional or survey , or contacting a customer services representative ) .
Otherwise , we will send our notice to the email address associated with your Account .
You will send your notice to Riot Games , Inc. , 2450 Broadway St. , Santa Monica , CA , 90404 , Attn : Legal Department .
Please note that this informal resolution procedure does not suspend any statutory limitation periods applicable to the bringing of a Claim .
If you are mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
A . Contacting Us
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your Account and applicable services .
However , also note that when you delete your Account , we may retain your Account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities .
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter ( s ) , we will use your Summoner name and email address to send the newsletter to you .
B . Updates and Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
BY USING THE SITE AND/OR THE GAME , YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU HAVE READ , UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR THE GAME .
There are additional Riot Games legal policies that govern your use of the Site and the Game .
Please take time to review and familiarize yourself with both the Terms of Use and the EULA .

SQUARE ENIX AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date : October 1 , 2012
Square Enix respects the privacy of our users and takes steps to protect your personal information .
This Square Enix America Privacy Policy ( `` SEA Privacy Policy `` ) explains how your information is used and collected .
Here is a quick summary of key points :
We ask you for , and use technology to detect , information about you .
Some of this information is shared with others , including advertisers .
In addition , third parties , including advertisers and advertising services providers , may collect or be given information about you .
Here is some further detail :
We use technology to collect ingame behavior to improve game performance and backup ingame purchases should they need to be restored or accessed on another device .
To provide relevant advertising , possibly including location-based advertising , we may share nonPersonal Information ( such as the location of your Device ) with third parties .
We track media performance , which requires non-personal behavioral data be collected by third parties before the application or services is downloaded or used .
Although we may ask for Personal Information , we will not share such information , such as name and email address , with third parties , unless disclosed herein or you consent .
You may be served with targeted advertising , including location-based advertising .
By downloading or accessing one of our applications or services , you consent to the practices described in our SEA Privacy Policy .
If you wish to end your consent , uninstall mobile Services and discontinue accessing other Services .
Click here for an index of topics covered in our SEA Privacy Policy ; click on any topic for more details .
To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service .
This SEA Privacy Policy only applies to any website , software or online application ( `` Services '' ) that is owned and/or operated by Square Enix , Inc. from the United States ( `` Company '' or `` we , '' `` our '' or `` us '' ) .
This SEA Privacy Policy governs the use of our Services , and also applies to all interactive elements accessed through our applications or services that we own or operate and make available ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) , regardless of how you access or use them .
Our SEA Privacy Policy covers only information collected through the Services directly by us , and does not apply to information collected by third parties that may interact with our Services , or to our data collection activities outside of our Services ( e.g. , through websites that support specific products , which may have different privacy policies ) .
For information collected by third parties or outside of our Services , separate and additional terms shall cover such data collection , storage , sharing and use .
This certification seal shown on this page confirms that SEA is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Program .
ESRB 's Privacy Program is designed to ensure that our information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our Services have been reviewed and certified by ESRB to meet established information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , ESRB independently monitors our Services , and administers other enforcement and accountability mechanisms .
For your California Privacy Rights and European Privacy Rights click on these links .
In addition , please review the Square Enix Terms of Service , which governs your use of the Services .
By using our Services , you consent to our SEA Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and our collection , storage , sharing and use of your information and data , and other activities , as described .
If you wish to end your consent going forward , do not access the Services , and in the case of mobile applications , uninstall the mobile Services immediately .
It is important that you read and understand the entire SEA Privacy Policy before using the Services .
However , this table of contents highlights key points .
You must click on the headings for a more detailed explanation .
To print or receive a copy of the policies click here : SEA Privacy Policy , Terms of Service .
What Information Do the Services Collect ?
Information You Choose to Provide to Us
You may give us Personal Information and other information when you register or contact us .
Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services
Tracking Technologies collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier .
This helps do things like deliver preferred content , track game play advancement , and send you relevant ads .
A link to certain privacy policies and optout options of some thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be included .
However , we may condition your use of these Services upon your not optingout of such thirdparty Tracking Technologies .
Information Third Parties Provide about You
If you interact with thirdparty sites ( such as using Facebook to log in ) , those sites may send us information about you or we may send them information about you .
Information and Interacting with ThirdParty Locations
You should review the applicable thirdparty privacy policies before using thirdparty tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these parties ' practices .
These include login and social communications tools .
Information You Provide about a Third Party
You may give us information about others , such as when you send a friend a message .
We will not use their Personal Information to separately market to them unless they consent .
How Do We Use the Information We Collect ?
Use of Information by Us
We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes .
Square Enix Members Account
We may update your existing Square Enix Members account , or create one for you , with information collected via the Services .
How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties ?
We provide your information to third parties under various circumstances .
When You Agree to Receive Information from Third Parties
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
Administrative and Legal Reasons
Your California Privacy Rights
Your European Privacy Rights
What about Information I Disclose Publicly ?
User Generated Content and Public Information
Posting content in public areas makes it available to others .
You grant us the right to use your name , likeness and/or usernames in connection with your posting and activities .
Do ThirdParty Content and Links to Third Party Services Appear on the Services ?
We are not responsible for thirdparty websites or your interaction with thirdparty content .
Do ThirdParty Applications Appear on the Services ?
We are not responsible for your interaction with thirdparty applications .
What About Third-Party Ads Served on the Services ?
We and third parties may send you targeted or untargeted ads based on your location and behavior .
If you object , uninstall and/or do not use our Services that contain advertising .
How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences ?
You may change certain account information and preferences .
What about Transfer of Information to the United States ?
Data is transferred to the United States .
What Should Parents Know about Children ?
All of our Services are targeted towards users 13 years old and up .
We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children under 13 years old .
If you think we have accidently collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years old , please let us know .
What about Security ?
No data security is absolute , but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately .
What if I have a Question or Complaint ?
Contact us here .
What About Changes to the SEA Privacy Policy ?
We may change this SEA Privacy Policy as explained here .
The Full Privacy Policy
What Information Do the Services Collect
Information You Choose to Provide to Us
On the Services ( or via websites or apps related to the Services ) , we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information , which is information that identifies you personally , such as your first and last name , email address , and address/location ( `` Personal Information '' ) ; and ( 2 ) demographic information , such as information about gender , age , marital status , education level , and occupation ( `` Demographic Information '' ) .
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Services , including account registration forms and `` contactus '' forms .
If we combine Demographic Information with the Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Services , we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect as You Access and Use the Services
We and our thirdparty service providers may use a variety of technologies that passively collect certain nonpersonal information whenever you use the Services ( `` Usage Information '' ) via a device or browser used to interact with our Services ( any , a `` Device '' ) .
This Usage Information may include the type or browser and/or platform that you are using , the location that referred you to our Services , the areas within our Services that you visit and your activities there , your Device location , your Device characteristics and certain Device data , and the time of day you access our Services , among other information .
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes , including assessing , enhancing or otherwise improving our Services or our activities in connection with them .
In addition , we may collect your IP address or other unique identifier , or assign one to your Device ( each a `` Device Identifier '' ) , so that our computers can identify the Device .
We may access and use Device Identifiers that have already been associated with your Device , and may modify such identifiers to create a new identifier or associate a wholly new identifier with you or your Device .
Usage Information may be nonidentifying or may be associated with you .
Neither Usage Information nor a Device Identifier is treated by us as Personal Information unless we combine it with Personal Information , in which case we will treat such combined data as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services may collect and transmit precise , realtime information about the location of your Device .
For mobile games , you are made aware of this at the time you first open the Services with this functionality .
Unless it is needed for operation or monetization of the Services , the Services may give you the option to turn location tracking on or off or otherwise manage location services .
You can always terminate our location tracking by uninstalling the Services .
We may use various now , and later , developed technologies to collect Device Identifiers , Usage Information and Demographic Information about you ( `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
A few of the methods that may be used to collect such data include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods later developed ) :
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Services ( `` Cookies '' ) .
Cookies may be used for many purposes described in our SEA Cookie Policy , including , without limitation , remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to and activities on the Services .
Some features of the Services may not function properly if you choose to disable Cookies , and some types of Flash and HTML5 Cookies may not be disabled using browsers .
In some instances , especially with respect to mobile , we may require you to uninstall / not use the Services rather than have a poor experience from disabling Cookies .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a thirdparty service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Services , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as `` 1x1 GIFs '' or `` clear GIFs '' ) may be included in our Services ' pages and messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or email can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Services , to monitor how users navigate the Services , to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened , or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
ETag , or entity tag .
A feature of the cache in browsers , an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL .
If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned .
Used in this manner , ETags are a form of Device Identifier .
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash , and HTML5 cookies .
Third parties may use Tracking Technologies with our Services .
We may not control those third-party Tracking Technologies and in such event , we are not responsible for them .
However , you consent to potentially encountering third-party Tracking Technologies in connection with the use of our Services , and accept that our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties .
This applies even if they share the collected data with us , except that if we combine that data with Personal Information we have collected on the Services , we will treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
For more information on advertising and related Tracking Technologies , click here
Certain third parties that associate Tracking Devices with our Services have given us notice of their privacy policies , some of which include the ability to exercise certain opt-out elections and other choices .
A list of these is available here .
Please note that optingout may require you to uninstall or otherwise stop using the Services .
We do not represent the completeness or accuracy of the information they provide or their compliance with their representations .
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Services with outside records from third parties for various purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor content and ads to you , and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you .
To the extent we combine such information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Services , it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this SEA Privacy Policy to such combined information , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
In no other circumstances do our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties , even if they have used our technology to collect it and share it with us .
Information from and Interacting with Third-Party Locations
The Services may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Services and your account on a thirdparty web site or application .
Here are two examples :
We may provide an option to use your Facebook , Google or other account provided by a thirdparty site or application to facilitate the registration and login or transaction process on the Services .
If you choose to use such options to access our Services , the thirdparty site or application may send Personal Information about you to the Services .
If so , we will then treat it as Personal Information under this SEA Privacy Policy .
You can also engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or thirdparty social media plugins and applications ) .
When you engage with our content on or through thirdparty social networking sites , plugins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , email address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the 'likes ' you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of the information you provided in accordance with this SEA Privacy Policy .
However , please be aware that we may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties , these third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities , and these third parties are not subject to this SEA Privacy Policy .
You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such third party tools on our Services , and we are not responsible for these third parties ' practices .
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use : Click Here
Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Services , such as sending an invitation or message to a friend .
If so , the information you provide about them ( names , email addresses , etc . ) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise .
Please be aware that when you use any `` sendtoafriend '' functionality on our Services , your Personal Information may be included in the communication sent to your addressee ( s ) .
Some of these tools may be thirdparty tools subject to thirdparty privacy policies , as further detailed in Section 1 ( d ) above .
How Do We Use the Information We Collect
Use of Information by Us
We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information or Usage Information that is subject to this SEA Privacy Policy : ( 1 ) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive , including electronic newsletters , special offers , or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties ; ( 2 ) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Services ' features ; ( 3 ) to process your registration with the Services , including verifying your information is active and valid ; ( 4 ) to create a Square Enix Members Account to provide you access to the Square Enix Members Service ; ( 5 ) to improve the Services , to customize your experience on the Services , or to serve you specific content that is relevant to you , including targeted advertising ; ( 5 ) to contact you with regard to your use of the Services and , in our discretion , changes to the Services and/or Services ' policies ; ( 6 ) for internal business purposes ; and ( 7 ) for purposes otherwise disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy .
Square Enix Members Account
Upon your installation of the Services and acceptance of this SEA Privacy Policy and the SEA Terms of Service , information collected via the Services may be used to create a new , or update your existing , Square Enix Members Account , which is also subject to this SEA Privacy Policy .
Please note that information submitted to the Services via a `` contact us '' or other similar function will not be used to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise .
How and When Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties
We may share nonPersonal Information , such as aggregated user statistics , with third parties .
We may share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities .
We do not share your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you with third parties for those third parties ' marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing , which may be sought and obtained as part of the installation or registration process for some of our Services or at the time you provide your Personal Information .
We and/or third parties may collect , and share with others , your Device Identifiers and Usage Information in connection with advertising as more fully explained in Section 7 .
In addition , we may share the information we have collected about you , including Personal Information , as disclosed at the time you provide your information or as described in this SEA Privacy Policy .
When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties
You may be presented with an option on our Services to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties .
If you choose to do so , your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties .
We are not responsible for such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review such thirdparty privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from them .
If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from one of these third parties , you will need to contact that third party directly .
Third Parties Providing Administrative Services on Our Behalf
We may use thirdparty vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Services , such as hosting the Services , developing , designing and/or operating the Services ' features , tracking the Services ' activities and analytics , and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services .
These vendors may be granted access to user information , including Device Identifiers and Personal Information , to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us .
Thirdparty analytics service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you , potentially including Personal Information , about you .
We are not responsible for those thirdparty technologies or activities arising out of them and our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to them .
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may access , use , preserve , transfer and disclose your information ( including Device Identifiers and Personal Information ) , to third parties : ( i ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , subpoenas , governmental requests or legal process , if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law ; ( ii ) to protect and/or defend the Services ' Terms of Service or other policies applicable to the Services , including investigation of potential violations thereof ; ( iii ) to protect the safety , rights , property or security of the Services , our staff , or any third party ; and/or ( iv ) to detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
Further , we may use IP addresses or other Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright and trademark owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies , including disclosing such information to such third parties , all in our discretion , subject to applicable law .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
We may share your information , including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliates outside of the United States .
We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information : ( i ) to a subsequent owner , coowner or operator of the Services or applicable database ; or ( ii ) in connection with a merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change , including during the course of any related due diligence process .
Certain areas of the Services may be provided to you in association with third parties ( `` CoBranded Areas '' ) such as licensors , sponsors or charities and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them .
Such CoBranded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information .
If you elect to register for their products and/or services , communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications , at CoBranded Areas , you may be providing your information to both us and the third party .
Further , if you signin to a CoBranded Area with a username and password obtained on the Services , your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that CoBranded Area .
We are not responsible for such third party 's data collection or practices and you should look to such thirdparty privacy policies for more information .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied `` personal information , '' as defined in the statute , to the Services to ( under certain circumstances ) request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure , if any , of certain information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We comply with this law by having you consent to this SEA Privacy Policy before we collect any of your personal information .
Your European Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Europe and would like to ask us not to process your personal data ( or not to provide it to third parties to process ) for marketing purposes , please stop using the Service , or in the case of a mobile game Service , uninstall the Service .
What about Information I Disclose Publicly
User Generated Content and Public Information
The Services may permit you to submit text , dialogue , ideas , photographs , user profiles , writings , music , video , audio recordings , computer graphics , pictures , data , questions , comments , suggestions , content created using an ingame tool , or other content , including Personal Information ( collectively , `` User Content '' ) on blogs , message boards , through gameplay or other channels .
We or others may store , display , reproduce , publish , distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or later developed ) and may or may not attribute it to you .
Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties .
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Content .
Please note that Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure .
Our representations under this SEA Privacy Policy do not apply to any information that you disclose publicly , share with others or otherwise upload onto the publicly accessible locations in our Services .
We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Services .
We may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content , and we may use the content , or any portion of the content , for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities .
For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Services , please review our SEA Terms of Service .
Do Third-Party Content And Links To Third-Party Services Appear on the Services
The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Services are served to you .
In addition , when you are on the Services , you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control , which may collect Personal Information .
We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their sites .
For example , if you `` click '' on a link , the `` click '' may take you off the Services onto a different site .
These other sites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you , independently collect data about you , including Personal Information , and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Services and to review the thirdparty privacy policies of all thirdparty locations and exercise caution in connection with them .
What About Third-Party Applications That Appear on the Services
Thirdparty applications may be available via the Services ( such as ingame advertising for other applications that can be accessed by you ) .
The owners of these applications ( `` ThirdParty Owners '' ) may collect Personal Information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices .
We are not responsible for how ThirdParty Owners or their applications collect or use your information .
These ThirdParty Owners may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same .
We are not responsible for these thirdparty privacy policies or the practices of ThirdParty Owners .
Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a thirdparty application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications .
What About Third-Party Ads Served on the Services
The Services may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve targeted advertisements on the Services based on your behavior on and off of our Services , and may use thirdparty analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Services and viewing of ads and of our content .
By installing and using our Services , you consent to these practices , including the sharing of data about you with these third parties and their own collection of such data as discussed further below .
If you object , uninstall / do not use our Services .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements , which may be based on your visits to the Services and other locations you have visited .
Thirdparty ad serving enables us and others to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
The Services ' thirdparty ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own Cookies and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier .
These thirdparty Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of content ) served by third parties in association with thirdparty ads or other content may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Thirdparty Cookies ( including flash cookies ) and other Tracking Technologies are governed by each thirdparty 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Our representations regarding our practices in this SEA Privacy Policy do not extend to the practices of these thirdparty advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect .
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of thirdparty advertisers or advertising networks .
We use third parties analytics tools in order to develop and analyze the use of the Services .
For more information and the options they may make available to you , please review this page .
How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us , such as your contact information provided as part of registration .
The Services may allow you to review , correct or update Personal Information you have provided by logging in to Square Enix Members and/or the thirdparty service used to login ( such as Facebook or Gamecenter ) .
European residents should also see Section 3 ( g ) above .
If so , we will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our thenactive databases as soon as reasonably practical .
You can prospectively stop all collection of information by our Services by uninstalling and/or ceasing to use the Services .
With respect to mobile , you may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your applicable Device or via the appropriate application or app marketplace .
Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons .
Also , if you have made any public postings on the Services such as in forums or blogs , these communications generally can not be removed .
When you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on the Services , information that you remove may persist internally for Company 's administrative purposes .
You may cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails or where applicable , by logging into an account you have created for our services .
This will not affect subsequent access to the Services and your optout may be limited to certain types of emails .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Services , such as administrative and service announcements , and you will continue to receive these transactional account messages even if you optout from receiving our marketing communications .
If you have any questions about the SEA Privacy Policy or practices describe in it , you should contact us by sending a letter here : Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
What about Transfer of Information to the United States
Unlike services operated by our affiliates , Square Enix , Inc. 's Services are operated in the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including Personal Information , will be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States .
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States .
By using the Services , or providing us with any information , you consent to the transfer to , and processing , usage , sharing and storage of your information , including Personal Information , in the United States as set forth in this SEA Privacy Policy .
Company complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
SQUARE ENIX is also certified by the ESRB Privacy Online Program .
What Should Parents Know about Children
The Services are general audience games and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of 13 as required by U.S. law .
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 , and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us , please contact us at Square Enix , Inc. , Attn : SEA Privacy Policy Administrator COPPA , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , mobile networks , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use our Services and provide us with your information at your own risk .
What if I have a Question or Complaint
SQUARE ENIX is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
Attn : Director , Privacy Online
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017
What About Changes to the SEA Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this SEA Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised SEA Privacy Policy .
However , we will require you to opt-in upon sign-in if we make material changes .
To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable , such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable .
End Square Enix Policy dated October 1 , 2012
English ( US )
2013 SQUARE ENIX LTD .
SQUARE ENIX and the SQUARE ENIX logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd .
Square Enix , Inc. , 999 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 3rd Floor , El Segundo , CA 90245 .

Use of the nationalreview.com web site , and disclosure to us of your personal information , is optional and voluntary .
By visiting nationalreview.com , you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Policy .
The following paragraphs describe the type of information nationalreview.com collects , the reasons why such information is collected , how such information is used and who has access to it .
Nationalreview.com 's Privacy Policy may change from time to time without notice to you .
You should read this Privacy Policy each time you plan to submit personally identifiable information so that you understand how the information you are submitting will be used .
Any changes made to the Privacy Policy will be prospective , not retroactive .
Nationalreview.com is not responsible for the information practices of third parties , although we take care to engage third party fulfillment processors , ad servers , survey companies and other support services that respect your privacy , preferences and data security needs .
Nationalreview.com collects information that is provided voluntarily by visitors to our site .
Certain identifying information , such as name , street address , city , state , zip code and email address , is gathered at certain interactive areas on the site , such as when you subscribe to our print or digital publication while online .
You may use the web site to subscribe to the print or digital version of National Review by following the instructions for subscribing .
All subscription-related information is collected from users on this site and stored by the magazine 's fulfillment house , Palm Coast Data .
From time to time nationalreview.com conducts voluntary user surveys to better target our content to our audience .
We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our advertisers for various purposes including promotions , contests and offers .
We never share any of this survey information about specific individuals with any third party .
COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Nationalreview.com may use data contained in log files to analyze trends , administer the site , track users ' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We use advertising to help support our site .
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit networkadvertising.org .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited .
USE OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Nationalreview.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests .
Because nationalreview.com does not track the usage patterns of individual users , an advertiser will never know that a specific user clicked on a particular ad .
We also use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and do not like based on traffic to those areas .
We comply with generally accepted industry standards in collecting and processing credit card information .
However , nationalreview.com does not guarantee the safety of credit card information over the Internet .
When you visit nationalreview.com and are asked to provide information about yourself , unless specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy , you are sharing that information only with nationalreview.com .
Nationalreview.com will not disclose the information you submit , except with our third party fulfillment vendors and except as otherwise described here , or when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure to protect the rights or property of nationalreview.com , or for administrative or other purposes we deem necessary to maintain or service our products and services .
For example , we may allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide you with our services .
If you do not want your data to be shared , you may choose not to permit the data to be collected or transferred by not submitting personally identifiable information on our site , or by not using a particular service .
Nationalreview.com web site has technical and organizational security measures in place , including firewalls , to protect the information under our control from accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , unauthorized disclosure , or access .
Such measures do not guarantee prevention of loss , misuse , or alteration of information , however , so while we strive to protect your information , nationalreview.com can not warrant the security of information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Nationalreview.com is intended for use by individuals over the age of 18 .
If you are under 18 , please do not submit any personally identifiable information on our site .
Children should always ask a parent or guardian for permission to send any personal information online to anyone .
OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY
Whenever you voluntarily disclose any information online in any forum , that information can be collected and used by others .
In other words , if you post personal information online that may be accessed by the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
It is important to be responsible and careful whenever you are online .
UPDATING , CORRECTING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Users who subscribe to our print or digital publication , National Review , may correct or change online their subscription information .
Users may change this information at any time and as often as necessary .
If you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing , calling , or writing us ( see addresses below ) .
Similarly , please contact us at the same addresses if at any time you wish to review your personally identifiable information .
Currently , nationalreview.com does not offer users a means by which to completely delete personal information submitted while on this site .
By using this web site , you signify your assent to this policy statement regarding online privacy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use our web site .
Moreover , your continued use of this web site after we post changes to the Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this web site , or your interaction with Nationalreview.com , you may contact us via mail , email , or the telephone number listed below .
National Review , Inc .
215 Lexington Avenue , 11th Floor
New York , NY 10016

Effective Date : January 1 , 2013 .
The Media Research Center ( THE MRC or we ) is the owner and operator of NewsBusters.org ( the Website ) , a multimedia news and commentary website .
In this Privacy Policy ( Policy ) , we describe the information that we collect about you as you use our Website and our products and services contained in our Website ( collectively , our Services ) .
This Policy applies to information that we collect online and offline .
We are operated entirely within the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that any information including personal data that we collect about you will be transferred to and processed in the United States .
You hereby consent to these transfers .
WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ?
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM AND ABOUT YOU
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY WHEN USING OUR SERVICES
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION ?
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ?
HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU ?
LINKS TO OTHER ( THIRD PARTY ) WEBSITES
HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ?
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
HOW TO CONTACT US
WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
A . Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From and About You
Information We Collect Directly From You : THE MRC may collect certain types of personally identifiable information that is , information that can identify an individual directly from you , including but not limited to :
credit or debit card information
We may collect some or all of this information if you :
visit the Website , make inquiries through the Website or offline
purchase products or services on the Website
share your e-mail address to subscribe to email newsletters
post comments , messages , letters and the like on the Website
participate in any surveys , contests , or sweepstakes sponsored by THE MRC
register for our Services
provide tips , comments or questions to us
contact us for customer service or other purposes
provide it to us when contacting us about this Policy
Information We Collect About You From Third Parties : You may log in to post comments or share articles via your Facebook , Twitter , Google+ , LinkedIn , Disqus , or other third-party account ( collectively , third party accounts ) .
In the future , we may permit additional login methods .
When you log-in via your third party account , you must grant us permission to access certain information from these third-party accounts , which will vary based on the third party account .
Before you log in through the particular site , you will be presented with the list of permissions , and you may cancel your log on if you do not want to proceed .
For information about how the third party site may disclose your information , including any information that you make public , please consult the third party accounts ' privacy policy .
We have no control over how a third party account uses or discloses the personally identifiable information that you provide to it .
We may store the information that we collect from the third party account along with the other information that we collect from you or receive about you .
Information Collected Automatically When Using Our Services
THE MRC and our third party service providers collect information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as web beacons , cookies , Flash , clickstream data , and other automated devices that are deployed on the Website .
We and our third party service providers may collect the following information about your use of our Website via these technologies : your IP address ; your browser type and operating system ; web pages you view ; links you click ; your interaction with our Website ; length of time you are logged into our Website ; and websites visited before our Website .
Web Beacons A web beacon is a type of picture file used on the Internet .
Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help monitor traffic at NewsBusters.org and understand the ways in which users interact with content on the Website .
Among other uses , we may use web beacons to count visitors to our Website or to monitor how our users navigate our Website .
We may include web beacons in email messages to count how many of the messages that we sent were opened , acted upon , and forwarded .
We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Services and our marketing campaigns .
Cookies Cookies help provide a customized user experience .
We and our third party service providers may use cookies to , among other things , better serve you with tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our Services .
There are two types of cookies : session-based and persistent cookies .
We also allow third party vendors to use cookies on our Site and Application .
Session cookies exist only during an online session .
They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer .
We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our Services .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer .
We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity , which may be combined with other user information .
Third Party Cookies .
We also engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally and personally identifiable Website data .
To do so , we permit third parties to apply cookies to users of our Services , where permitted by law , and , subject to your right to opt-out through the Network Advertising Initiative ( as discussed below ) .
We use the data collected by such third parties to help us administer and improve the quality of our Services and to analyze use of our Services .
We also use such third parties to assist us in serving advertisements .
Such third parties may combine the information that we provide about you with other information that they have collected .
You may choose not to provide such information by adjusting your Internet browser security settings to refuse cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in future .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
If you disable your web browser 's ability to accept cookies , you will be able to browse our Website , but certain pages and features may be limited .
ClickStream Data THE MRC may use third-party software to analyze the Web pages that your computer visits while using our Services .
This information , called clickstream data , is associated with your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address and/or device ID , and includes other information such as the type of browser your computer/device uses to access the Internet .
We may collect clickstream data to optimize search engine results and may also use clickstream data to analyze which portions of our Website draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our Services .
This clickstream data may be shared with third party advertisers and marketing companies .
Local Storage Objects We and our third party service providers may use Flash Local Storage Objects ( Flash LSOs ) to store your Website and Application preferences , to personalize your visit or to display content based upon what you view on our Website and Application .
Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored .
In addition , you can not control , delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser .
For more information on Flash LSOs , or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash cookies , go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page , choose Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions .
To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer , choose Website Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions to review and , if you choose , to delete any specific Flash LSO .
We and our third party service providers conduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services , using the technologies described in this section .
For example , we use a variety of third party web analytics , to help us improve the performance and user experience of our Website and Application .
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information , including the personally identifiable information that we collect about you ( collectively , information ) , for various reasons , including :
to deliver content that you have requested from our Services ;
to send e-mails that you have requested to receive from THE MRC ;
to provide you with information , including via email , about services , products , and features that may be of interest to you , including products and services offered by third parties , as well as emails about our own Services ;
for customer service purposes , such as in response to inquiries that you initiate with us about any aspect of our Website , to provide information about our Services , or any other customer service purpose ; and
to understand how people use our Services , for research purposes , and to improve our Services .
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
THE MRC may share personally identifiable information with others , such as :
Third Party Service Providers that provide services on our behalf .
Examples of these services include , but are not limited to : technical support for the operation of our Services ; Website evaluation and statistics ; and fulfilling your orders for products and services made available through our Site ;
Law enforcement authorities , government agencies , courts , or other entities , when :
we believe in good faith that the law requires it
we deem it necessary or appropriate to provide such information
to otherwise protect our rights , other persons , or other users of our Services
Another entity , in the course of a sale to or merger of all or a part of our business with another entity
A court , another business , or other interested party in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding , in which case the information about you would be among the many assets shared or transferred .
Third-party merchants with from whom you choose to make a purchase through our Services ;
Other non-affiliated third parties .
We may share your information , including personally identifiable information , with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident , please see the special notice to you below about how you can obtain additional information about this sharing .
We also may disclose aggregate user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes , including research , analytics , and marketing .
HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
You can always choose not to submit any personally identifiable information to THE MRC .
If you do not wish to receive promotional communications from THE MRC , you can unsubscribe to our promotional e-mails .
We will include an opt-out link or reply address in each such e-mail .
Please allow us up to 10 business days to process your request .
After unsubscribing , you may still receive messages about the status of your account , to resolve technical issues , to confirm a new registration with us , and for other customer services purposes .
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Website and other websites you have visited .
This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
Third party ad network providers , advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you .
These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis .
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks .
Opting out of one or more NAI members or DAI members ( many of which will be the same ) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you , but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Website or other websites .
You may continue to receive advertisements , for example , based on the particular website that you are viewing .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different computer or change web browsers , your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on NAI 's and DAI 's websites accessible by the above links .
LINKS TO OTHER ( THIRD PARTY ) WEBSITES
THE MRC may provide links to content or advertisements created , offered , sponsored , or available at third party websites .
Your interactions with these third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy , but rather the privacy policies posted on those linked websites .
THE MRC is not responsible for your access to and use of these websites or any information you may share with them .
HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the appropriate use of the personally identifiable information we collect , we have implemented physical , electronic , and administrative procedures .
These measures are based on commercially reasonable standards that similar companies use .
NO DATA TRANSMITTED OVER THE INTERNET , HOWEVER , CAN BE GUARANTEED TO BE 100 % SECURE AT ALL TIMES .
Although we have implemented security measures to protect your personally identifiable information , we can not and do not guarantee the security of such information .
This Website is not directed to children .
THE MRC does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13 , except as permitted by law .
If we discover that we have received any personally identifiable information from a child under 13 , we will delete such information from our servers and records promptly .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
THE MRC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
We will post a notice on this Website if and when this policy changes to alert visitors that a new policy is in place .
Material that is , really important changes to the way we use or disclose personally identifiable information will apply on a going-forward basis , unless we have your express consent to change the way we use or disclose the personally identifiable information we collected when the earlier version of this Privacy Policy was in effect .
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
California residents may request a list of all third parties to which The MRC has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes .
You may make one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response .
HOW TO CONTACT US
Copyright ( c ) 2013 , The Media Research Center

The Council of Better Business Bureaus ( CBBB ) is the umbrella association for the United States Better Business Bureaus ( BBBs ) , and CBBB works closely with the Canadian Better Business Bureaus ( BBBs ) through the Canadian Council of Better Business Bureaus .
What follows is CBBB 's online privacy policy , which governs personal information gathered on our Internet sites but not the sites of BBBs .
Each BBB has its own privacy and security policies for its Web site , consistent with policy established by the CBBB Board of Directors .
CBBB 's Commitment to Online Security
Physical , electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information .
CBBB encrypts billing information wherever CBBB requests it .
All CBBB agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on CBBB Web sites are also bound to adhere to this policy as part of their contract with CBBB .
Personal Information that CBBB May Collect Online
CBBB collects personal information online , including names , postal and e-mail addresses , phone and facsimile numbers , billing information , vehicle information such as vehicle identification numbers , and complaint information .
CBBB may also collect business information from sole proprietorships that apply for accreditation and for program participation , some of which could constitute personal information , as well as personal information from individuals acting solely in their business capacity .
CBBB does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
In addition , no part of our sites are designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13 .
How CBBB Uses Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you otherwise consent , we will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted , such as to reply to your emails , handle your complaints , and process billing and business requests related to program participation , and we will use such information to provide operational notices , in program record-keeping and to conduct research on industry marketplace practices .
Our research may lead to the publication of aggregate demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us .
At certain points where personal information is collected on our site , there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a mailing list to receive information about other CBBB programs and services and about ways to support CBBB and the CBBB Foundation/BBB Wise Giving Alliance .
This election box only appears in places where the department collecting personal information maintains such lists .
How Your Information May Be Shared
In order to process a complaint , CBBB may send the complaint to the BBB where the company complained about is headquartered , handle it itself , or refer the complaint to another appropriate organization for handling .
For example , CBBB normally handles complaints against charities and certain automobile manufacturers and CBBB or the appropriate BBB may handle complaints against foreign businesses or CBBB may refer such complaints to an appropriate foreign organization .
Depending on the type of complaint , either CBBB or BBB will also transfer complaints to the company complained about .
Further , when we receive a request or inquiry that a BBB must handle , we forward the request or inquiry to the appropriate BBB .
By completing a complaint form or sending us a request or inquiry , you are allowing us to forward your information to the appropriate BBB , if necessary , and potentially also to the proper business .
Consumer inquiries will be forwarded to the appropriate BBB by email , and consumers should recognize that this method of transmission may not be secure .
Without submission of the requested information , CBBB will not be able to process your complaint .
We never sell or rent your personal information .
CBBB may also release personal information under the following circumstances :
Where release is required by law ( for example , a subpoena ) or regulation or is requested by a government agency ;
Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of ;
To appropriate governmental authorities , where warranted by a company 's failure to participate in the advertising self-regulatory process or respond to an online privacy complaint , or where a company fails to honor the recommendations of the National Advertising Division , Children 's Advertising Review Unit or National Advertising Review Board ;
To appropriate persons , where your communication suggests possible harm to others .
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
Let us also know what led to your submission of personal information so we may efficiently locate your information
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our Web sites are not set up to track , collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors .
Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data , such as the number of hits and visits to our sites .
This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others , but again , the statistics contain no personal information and can not be used to gather such information .
Our Web sites also recognize the online site where a visitor `` clicked-to-check '' on the BBBOnLine seal of a BBBOnLine program participant , but we can not identify the visitor or the visitor 's address .
Site information is used to confirm participation in the BBBOnLine program and may be used to advise participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from their sites .
No personal information is collected .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
CBBB uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms .
You can still use CBBB sites if your browser is set to reject cookies .
Our cookies do not generate personal data , do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you .
Problems or Complaints with CBBB Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting the National Institute of Standards and Technology Web site .
We are committed to the privacy of our visitors .
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our Web site .
To better serve our visitors , we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website .
These small files are commonly referred to as `` cookies . ''
Our cookies do not contain any personally-identifiable information .
Our web measurement applications compare the behavior of new and returning visitors in the aggregate to help us identify work flows and trends and also resolve common problems on our site .
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive .
They can serve several functions :
they allow the Web site to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ;
they track what information you view at a site ( important to NIST to ensure visitors find what they are looking for ) ;
in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many Web sites but not the whole Web ;
businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ;
advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many Web sites ; and
they can be used to help a Web site tailor screens for each customer 's preference .
We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable .
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie .
Currently , we are also using session cookies as part of a Web customer satisfaction survey we are conducting in collaboration with ForeSee Results .
The sole purpose of the session cookies is to cause the survey to be displayed to a small percentage of our Web site visitors as they leave the NIST Web site .
NIST does not retain any information collected by these session cookies .
Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of a session , that is , when you close your browser .
Additional privacy information related to the survey is available from a link on the survey itself .
Information collected and stored automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store information like the following concerning your visit :
The Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a university 's domain ) ;
Your IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our Web site ;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ; and
If you linked to our Web site from another Web site , the address of that Web site .
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors , to learn about the number of visitors to our site , and the types of technology our visitors use .
We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity , such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law .
Information that you voluntarily provide
We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us .
If you provide us with personally identifiable information , for example , by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Web site , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request .
All uses of that information are described on the Web page containing the form .
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose .
When you click the `` Submit '' button on any of the Web forms found on our sites , you are indicating your voluntary consent to use of the information you submit for the purpose stated .
How information is used
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , to register you for a conference , to respond to requests for information , and to fill orders ) .
We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so you can determine whether you wish to provide the information .
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy .
Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration , and in some cases information submitted to us may become an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request .
Also , NIST is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by non-NIST sites that may link to the NIST web site or non-NIST sites hosted on NIST computers ( e.g . web sites of professional organizations .
This Web site offers some educational content to children under 13 .
No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services .
The information supplied is used to respond to the user 's inquiries or to provide services requested by the user .
Links to other sites
Our Web site contains links to various other federal agencies and private organizations .
Once you link to another site , you are then subject to the privacy policies of the new site .
It is always a good idea to read the Privacy Policy of any site you visit .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology is committed to making its web sites accessible to all NIST customers and staff in accordance with provisions of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act Amendments of 1998 .
You should provide the URL of the Web site referencing that information .
See NIST disclaimer .

Updated June 28 , 2013
New York Post ( NYP or we ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( apps ) , and widgets ( collectively , the NYP Services ) .
By using the NYP Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
A list of our affiliated companies ( NYP Affiliates ) is available at newscorp.com .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the NYP Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the NYP Services without being registered with or subscribing to an NYP Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to an NYP Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to NYP 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally NYP 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
NYP and our service providers collect the following information from and about you :
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for an NYP Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the NYP Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to an NYP Service through a social media service or connect an NYP Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the NYP Services through social media services or when you connect an NYP Service to social media services , you are authorizing NYP to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you access and interact with the NYP Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the NYP Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the NYP Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the NYP Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support the NYP Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate NYP Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
NYP does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to aboutads.info/choices .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the Help section of your browser for more information .
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see here .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the NYP Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our NYP Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the NYP Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those NYP Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line NYP Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content , and participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the NYP Services .
NYP may make your information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the NYP Services .
These service providers may not use personal information for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and NYP .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with NYP Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other NYP Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your NYP Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your NYP Services account and do not participate in social sharing on NYP Services .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( Co-Branded Services ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on NYP Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
NYP and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver ads to you when you use the NYP Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To contact you .
NYP may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the NYP Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the NYP Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our NYP Affiliates .
NYP may share your information with NYP Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
A link to a website that lists NYP Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy .
Users who visit NYP Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
NYP may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of NYP and others .
There may be instances when NYP may disclose your information , including situations where NYP has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of NYP , our NYP Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the NYP Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If NYP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , NYP may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
NYP uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
User Access and Control
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
NYP may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the NYP Services .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data .
The NYP Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The NYP Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
NYP is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the NYP Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the NYP Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at :
Mail : Privacy Office , New York Post , 1211 Avenue of the Americas , New York , New York 10036

yr.no on your mobile
You will find a simple version of yr.no is adapted for mobiles on m.yr.no .
Open web / wap application on your phone .
Search page you are looking for and make a bookmark of the page you come to .
We have our own appar for iPhone and Android .
Do you have another phone and want to install yr.no ? There are several private individuals who have made software for mobile phones that fetches weather forecasts from yr.no Check out tillegg.yr.no to see if you find something that fits for you !
Have more questions ? Send a message to us
How do I use `` My Places '' ?
We receive many questions about the use and problems with `` My Places '' .
We have created a small article explaining the most here : How do I use `` My Places '' ?
Sun , Moon and darkness
You can find information about sunrise and sunset at each place on yr.no ( below the animated map ) .
There can be up to 5 minutes discrepancy between sunrise / sunset on yr.no and Almanac for Norway .
yr.no has its own symbol for the dark months north of the Arctic Circle .
Places when mrketidssymbola displayed on yr.no .
Color-blind and long-term forecasts on yr.no
Long-term forecasts on yr.no ( eg . forecast for Bodo ) are marked with how certain the forecasts are .
The labels are made by a color ( red , yellow and green ) .
The colors have been selected for the colorblind will be able to see them , and tested in several color-blind .
In addition , the shape of the markings slightly different for each category so that one can understand marking even if one can not distinguish red / green .
If you have trouble getting really see color codes you can keep calm mouse over each color code .
Then comes a text that tells whether the forecasts are quite safe ( green ) , uncertain ( yellow ) or very unsafe ( red ) .
How much snow is 1 mm rain ?
Broadly considered one could say that 1 mm precipitation will provide about 1 inch of snow .
Read more : Why are snow forecasts in millimeters ?
When will notice and observations to date ?
There is information about when the forecasts are updated at the top of each item page .
Keep the mouse over the dashed web link , you 'll get accurate information about what data is updated when .
Note : Data are updated every hour or less often , we always uses the last observation ( see time ) .
Radar image is updated fourth quarter or more frequently .
Why the difference of the forecasts of `` overview '' , `` forecast '' and `` Weather '' ?
Weather and precipitation forecasts debt always an interval .
In the top of the table says how far this interval .
If we sign 2 mm precipitation interval , this means that between the time and the six pfylgjande lessons , will come 2 mm rainfall .
How long forecast is for varies in the different tables .
This means that symbols can vary considerably too .
About the time we notice announces sun , sun and rain in six hours , will the main page just stand light rain for all six lessons combined .
Hover your mouse over the arrows in the air tables , so you get up wind speed in m / s
Wind direction and wind speed are dependent on very local conditions .
The meteorological models that underlie the forecasts on yr.no will in some cases lead to low wind speeds and crazy wind .
Continuous efforts to improve the models .
There is an extensive task .
The new research and powerful computers are expected to contribute to future improvements !
The main reason for this problem is that the models have a simplified description of the terrain and fjords and lakes .
Where there is very local control of wind will not models describe this well enough .
In addition , this simplistic description also provides an over-run braking of the wind in complex terrain .
We recommend that you read the meteorologist 's forecast in addition to looking at the graphic warnings .
Often meteorologist know when the models wind warnings are not good , and she can correct for this in its notice .
As you gain experience , you will also even be able to recognize situations where the wind will differ from the forecasts on yr.no for your location .
The forecast is wrong !
If you find mistakes in our forecasts , we set greatly appreciate if you contact us .
Be as detailed as possible when you write to us : KVAR lies instead we notified errors , how long has the error was and WHAT is it wrong ? If you have several examples , it is very useful when we need to find out what has gone wrong .
Thank you for helping us to figure out the error !
Send feedback about forecasts on yr.no
There is no correlation between the symbol and watersheds in map
Sometimes it happens that vrsymbola on the maps show rainfall without the precipitation area over the city , and to show symbols sun even though the map indicates the precipitation area .
This occurs because rainfall areas will be updated continuously , while the symbols show the weather that is most representative of a time period .
This time period is always at least three hours outside the northern Europe .
When the weather is changing may vrsymbola and precipitation areas not match .
Lyndata is unfortunately not publicly available in Norway , so we can not offer lynvarsel or observations .
Place , language and spelling
Wrong place / places as missing in Norway
All Norwegian place yr.no is set by the State Authority .
Many places in Norway has several approved .
In these cases uses yr.no only one of skrivemtane .
During the animated map you will find a box where you can check what is approved and not approved for the place name .
Read more about Norwegian place yr.no and how you can contact the State Authority
International conflicts / disputed area abroad
From time to get another yr.no questions about how we handles contentious area and international territorial disputes .
We want to emphasize that yr.no not take a position on international conflicts , but that we keep to the decision of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the United Nations .
Read about how yr.no handles disputed area .
Wrong place / places that lacks outside Norway
yr.no uses Geonames database as the main source for place abroad .
You can even correct errors or add new places in Geonames , it is both clear and concise .
Please note that it may take several months between each time we update our place names from the Geonames ( this is a very time-consuming process ) .
Go to geonames.org ( you can correct any inaccuracies in itself )
Read about how yr.no handles contentious area and international conflicts .
All notice on yr.no is available in Norwegian , Norwegian , Sami and Kven and Norwegian .
The other texts on yr.no is a mixture of Nynorsk and Bokml . yr.no is a public website , and follow the law on the target user in the public service .
In concubine Act should we spend at least 25 percent of each language variant , and we have too little nynorsk today .
Places , XML , JavaScript , etc .
Can I get weather forecasts and other weather data free from you ?
Yes ! Read more on yr.no / Places .
Gadgets , as well as Vista , Firefox , Opera , etc .
yr.no offers not own addition to Vista , Firefox , Opera , etc today , and it is unlikely that we come to develop these services yourself .
It contains several different such additions and gadgets on tillegg.yr.no , which is a website where anyone the can publish their software they have established .
If you are good at programming , you can get free data from us and create your own applications .
If you have made a good service , it 's nice if you told us about it so others can also enjoy what you have created .
Search questions and answers
Search questions and answers
Use the field to search in questions / answers
Can not find the answer to your question ? Contact us !

Privacy for Consumers at Citi
Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling personal information about you .
As a Citi customer , you have the opportunity to make choices about how personal information about you may be shared .
As you consider this , we encourage you to make choices that enable us to provide you with quality products and services that help you meet your financial needs and objectives .
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is our priority .
We protect this information by maintaining physical , electronic and procedural safeguards that meet applicable law .
We train our employees in the proper handling of personal information .
When we use other companies to provide services for us , we require them to protect the confidentiality of personal information they receive .
Citi Online Privacy Statement
Our Online Privacy Statement describes how we may collect , use and share information you provide when you visit this website , receive our emails or interact with advertisements we have on third-party websites .
Our Online Privacy Statement does not cover :
Information collected and used on Citi social media sites such as new.citi.com
Information you provide to the websites we advertise on and may link to
We encourage you to read the privacy policies on these sites .
What Information Do We Collect ?
How Do We Use the Information We Collect ?
How Do We Use Information From Our Advertisements on Other Websites ?
Can You Control Your Information That 's Collected and Used Online ?
What Information Do We Collect
We collect two types of online information : non-personal and personal .
When you visit our site , we collect the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet .
In addition , we gather information such as what browser and which version of it you 're using , the type of operating system you have , and which site you came from or advertisement you viewed or clicked on .
This information helps us provide an online experience that matches your device and to manage our online advertising .
When you browse our site or view one of our emails , Citi and companies we work with , use cookies and/or pixel tags to collect information and store your online preferences .
Cookies are widely used and most browsers are set up to accept them automatically .
If you would prefer , you can choose to not accept cookies .
It 's important to note that cookies and pixel tags do not capture any information that can personally identify you .
The information they gather helps us improve your online experience and may include :
Your response to one of our emails or advertisements
Time and duration of your visit to our site
Pages you viewed while on our site
We may also supplement the information we collect with information we receive from other companies .
For example , we may use marketing segments developed by us or other companies to customize certain services to your local area and provide relevant Citi offers tailored to you .
In addition to the information described in the previous section , we may also gather personal information that you provide to us such as your name , address , phone number , and email address .
Collecting this personal information enables us to offer you online experiences that help you with your financial needs .
For example , we collect personal information when you are :
Applying for a new program or account
If you 've enrolled in Citi services , such as online bill payment , we collect personal information about your transactions , and how you interact with third parties such as those you pay like a utility company or phone company .
Collecting this information enables us to provide you these services .
You can refer to the terms and conditions for your account or service to learn how your information is collected and used .
If we have received personal information from you , or have information that is publicly available from other sources , we may use it in combination with the information that Citi collects online .
This information may be used to better tailor or personalize our service and marketing communications with you , both online and offline .
The personal information you provide online is held by the Citi business that maintains your account or is processing your application for a new product or service .
You can access and/or change information in connection with your account or application by logging on to your account online or telephoning customer service .
Please see our Privacy Notices , which we provide to all our individual customers , for a comprehensive explanation of how we collect , use and share personal information and what you can do to limit the use and sharing of your information as our customer .
Citibank Citibank Consumer Privacy Notice
Citi Personal Wealth Management Citi Personal Wealth Management Privacy Notice
Citi Cards Citi Cards Online Privacy
Citi Private Bank Internet Privacy Policy & Statement
How Do We Use the Information We Collect
Citi uses the information we collect about and from you to manage our business and to offer an enhanced , personalized online experience on our site and third-party websites .
The information we collect allows us to :
Recognize you when you return to our site so we can personalize your experience
Process applications and transactions
Respond to your requests
Recognize and provide you account related benefits and information on our sites .
Provide you more relevant product and service offers on our sites and in other advertising
We may also use personal information we have about you such as your email or postal address to deliver advertising to you directly or on third party websites .
How Do We Use Information from Our Advertisements on Other Websites
Companies we work with place and track advertisements on third-party websites .
Like most advertisers , we place advertisements where we think they will be most relevant to customers .
We place advertisements by developing and using our own marketing segments that may combine online and offline information about our current and prospective customers .
In addition , we may use marketing segments provided by online publishers and network advertising companies .
Network advertising companies that provide these services have their own privacy policies and are not subject to our Online Privacy Statement .
Many of these companies provide ways to avoid targeted advertising provided by , or thru , them .
Can You Control Your Information That 's Collected and Used Online
It 's important to note that the information we use about you helps us provide you with products , services and experiences that benefit you .
You have the ability to control how your non-personal information is collected and used online .
When you provide your email address , we will use it to send you general notices or important news about your account , request your feedback or opinions and provide updates on special deals and offers that might interest you .
We believe you should be able to choose what kinds of information you receive via email .
If you do not want to receive marketing materials by email , just indicate your preference on the contact information for your account or the 'opt-out ' link provided in our marketing emails .
Please keep in mind that we will continue to notify you by email regarding your account .
We may use Flash objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Local Shared Objects '' ) on certain of our Web sites .
We may use Flash objects to help us recognize you and your computer when you return to our site .
Additionally , Flash objects may be used to help us avoid fraud or security attempts directed at our sites .
Also if we display pages running Adobe Flash content ( animated content ) , we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content .
As with regular cookies , we never store personal information in these Flash object files unless encrypted .
Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects .
You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to control and disable them - through the Adobe interface .
If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Sites , then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Site or benefit from the information and services offered .
You can control whether to accept cookies or not .
If you decide to not accept cookies , some features and services on our site may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your Citi account ( s ) .
In addition , the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests .
If you would prefer not to accept cookies , you can :
Change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie , which lets you choose whether or not to accept it
Set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies
We believe that online behavioral advertising helps to provide you with more relevant advertising based upon on the websites you visit .
If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising , you can opt out of some network advertising programs that use your information .
To do so please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page .
Please note that even if you choose to remove your information ( opt out ) , you will still see advertisements while you 're browsing online .
However the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests .
Additionally , many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities .
These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive .
The NAI Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies .
The Digital Advertising Alliance 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising govern certain online advertising and data collection practices .
The principles facilitate transparency about online advertising practices and support consumer choice in managing behavioral advertising .
We subscribe to these Principles .
Although there is no standard for how Do Not Track consumer browser settings should work on commercial websites , the industry has self-regulatory initiatives designed to provide consumers a choice in the types of ads they may see online and to conveniently opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all of the companies participating in these programs .
For more information see the `` About Ads '' or NAI links provided above .
Many of Citi 's advertising vendors and companies participate in these programs .
Using the choice mechanisms these programs make available may help you see advertising that is relevant to you or help you avoid seeing interest based advertising generally .
Notice of changes .
From time to time , we may change this Online Privacy Statement .
The effective date of this statement , as indicated below , shows the last time this statement was revised or materially changed .
Checking the effective date below allows you to determine whether there have been changes since the last time you reviewed the statement .
This Online Privacy Statement was last modified December 31 , 2013 .
Citi.com is managed by Citibank , N.A .
The web site enables online access to account information and transaction services for clients of Citibank , N.A . and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and accepts applications for Citibank , N.A . and Citibank , N.A . ( `` Citi Cards '' ) .
This disclosure does not address how information is handled by or the policy of any other affiliate or third party site that may be linked to citi.com

Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( `` Dow Jones '' , `` us '' or `` we '' ) want you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites , mobile sites , applications ( `` apps '' ) , electronic newsletters and widgets ( collectively the `` Dow Jones Online Services '' ) that link to this Privacy Policy .
If there is a conflict between this Policy and a Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement , the Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement will take precedence .
This Policy describes Dow Jones 's collection and use of users ' Personal Information .
It also describes generally Dow Jones 's practices for handling Other Information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) collected through our Dow Jones Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device , user or user account .
As described more fully below , we share information with our affiliated companies ( `` Dow Jones Affiliates '' ) for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
A list of Dow Jones Affiliates is available here .
By using the Dow Jones Online Services or by providing personal information to us , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
The Dow Jones Online Services are a network of general audience sites , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 years of age .
Dow Jones and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you :
`` Personal Information '' is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , credit or debit card number , profile picture , or social media account ID .
Personal Information from You
We collect Personal Information when , for example , you register for or subscribe to certain products or services , create a profile , participate in a sweepstakes , contest or game , take a survey , visit our Dow Jones Online Services , use an interactive feature ( such as Chat or Email This ) , or participate in a community forum .
Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties , such as social media services , commercially available sources , Dow Jones Affiliates , business partners , and , if applicable to you , the third party provider of your subscription .
The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include , for example , your name , contact information , information about your transactions , purchase history , or relationships with various product and service providers , and your use of certain applications .
For example , if you access a Dow Jones Online Service through a social media service or connect a Dow Jones Online Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends list , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Dow Jones Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Dow Jones Online Service to social media services , you are authorizing Dow Jones to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
`` Other Information '' is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as browser information , app usage data , information collected through cookies and other technologies , demographic information , and aggregated information .
Other Information You Submit
We collect Other Information when you submit it to us .
It may include your gender , zip code , birthday , education , occupation , financial information ( such as your income , investments , portfolio transactions and value , and other information ) , and interests .
Other Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Other Information about you from third parties , including , for example , demographic data , information about your interests , and information about your activities on other websites
Other Information We Collect Automatically When You are Online
When you access and interact with our Dow Jones Online Services , we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Dow Jones Online Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , potentially including your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Dow Jones Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( `` UDID '' ) , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Dow Jones and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) when you visit or use the Dow Jones Online Services .
Third parties that support the Dow Jones Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as providing users with the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , customizing content based on usage , or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect Other Information .
Please see the Dow Jones Cookie Policy here for more information about our use of these technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our Dow Jones Online Services .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below .
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law , then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information , and when we do , we treat the combined information as Personal Information .
To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content , products and offers tailored to you , we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Dow Jones products , services and websites .
In addition , we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from Dow Jones Affiliates or business partners .
To provide and manage our services .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products and services and features to you , including : to process and fulfill your subscription , to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us , to measure and improve those services and features , to allow you to comment on content and participate in online games , contests , promotions or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , including online chats , and to respond to inquiries .
Some Online Services use the information we collect in site-specific ways .
To provide you access through DJX .
Some enterprise users have access to DJX , which allows you to sign into several Dow Jones websites with the same user ID .
If you are a DJX enterprise user who previously subscribed to one or more products in the DJX suite , we may use Personal Information you provided to transition your account to a DJX subscription .
If you are a new DJX enterprise subscriber , your account will be set up with a DJX user ID .
Please note that all subsidiaries of Dow Jones & Company , Inc. that provide products and services included in DJX will use your Personal Information to provide those products and services .
To provide you access to Collaboration Tools .
Some of our Online Services contain `` Collaboration Tools '' that allow you to share content and communicate with other users .
If you choose to use the Collaboration Tools , some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these Collaboration Tools .
To deliver relevant content and recommendations .
To make your experience more interesting and personalized , we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Dow Jones Online Services .
For example , if you use WSJ.com and Factiva.com , we may use your WSJ.com reading history to personalize the content delivered to you on Factiva.com .
To deliver relevant online advertising .
The Dow Jones Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you ( in certain cases , such as with respect to financial information , only with your express permission ) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the Dow Jones Online Services or another service provided by Dow Jones , Dow Jones Affiliates , or unaffiliated third parties .
( See Information We Collect , above , for details on the types of information we may use . )
As noted above , we may work with third party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you .
Information about your activities on our Dow Jones Online Services and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Dow Jones Online Services and your social media service .
To contact you .
Dow Jones and Dow Jones Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and services .
To help make these promotional materials more relevant to you , we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you promotional materials .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from us , you can change your account setting through the appropriate link on the website account services page or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of , such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to Dow Jones products and services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
We may also use your information to respond to inquiries or requests you make to us .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others .
Dow Jones may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings
Certain features on the Dow Jones Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others .
These may include the Collaboration Tools , community forums , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles .
When you use these features , you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , user name , location , email address , profile information , picture , likes , status , and comments , including any political or religious or other beliefs you express , may be publicly available to anyone , including other users , search engines , advertisers , third party application developers , and anyone else with access to the Dow Jones Online Services .
We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features .
Our Disclosure of Information
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another , as well as with Dow Jones Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including for each company 's marketing purposes .
Please see the Introduction for more information about the companies that make up the Dow Jones subsidiaries and Dow Jones Affiliates .
Users who visit Dow Jones Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
In addition , we may share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy .
We share your Personal Information :
To manage corporate , third-party , and student subscriptions .
If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription .
If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use .
When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your Personal Information such as your name or email address .
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our services .
We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide our products and services by , for example : developing or supporting products and features ; sending email messages on our behalf ; processing payments ; fulfilling orders ; delivering subscriptions ; auditing ; processing data or statistics ; and serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads .
These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as conferences , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( `` Co-Branded Services '' ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Dow Jones Online Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To permit unaffiliated third parties to send you promotional materials.If you subscribe to the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal or Barron 's print publications , we may share your contact information with unaffiliated companies whose products and services may be of interest to you .
While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please contact Customer Service as described below in How to Access , Correct or Update Your Information .
If you sign up to receive a Special Offer on the MarketWatch.com Service , Dow Jones will forward your request along with your email and Special Offer delivery information , to the company making the relevant Special Offer so that it can contact you directly .
Once your information is provided to another company pursuant to your request it is not governed by this Privacy Policy .
If you subscribe solely to any other Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for such parties ' own marketing purposes if you have given us permission to do so .
To allow social sharing functionality.If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Dow Jones Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Dow Jones Online Services account and your social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Dow Jones Online Services account , and do not participate in social sharing on the Dow Jones Online Services .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others.There may be instances when Dow Jones may disclose your Personal Information , including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
To complete a merger or sale of assets.If Dow Jones sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Dow Jones may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Dow Jones uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting Customer Service in accordance with the instructions below .
HOW TO ACCESS , CORRECT OR UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
You can access or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting Customer Service , as indicated below .
Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites .
Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you may need to update your information for each separately .
Here are links to pages where subscribers and registered users may update their personal profile information and marketing preferences :
Wall Street Journal Customer Center
Wall Street Journal Email Setup
Barron 's Customer Center
DJX - Factiva Customer Support
Local contact information for The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's is also available in the Contact Directory .
Local contact information for corporate enterprise products is available on the Customer Support site .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please write to us at :
Dow Jones & Company
Attn : DM Disclosure Manager
Chicopee , MA 01020
and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Dow Jones Online Services .
Your use of the Dow Jones Online Services or your provision of personal information to use following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
Location of Data .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our products and services , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
The Dow Jones Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Dow Jones logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us .
A portion of The Wall Street Journal Archive is hosted by an unrelated company - ProQuest - through its ProQuest Archiver service , and all article purchases are processed by ProQuest .
ProQuest collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , and makes your information available to us .
We will treat all information that ProQuest provides about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Portfolio feature is provided by a third party , LikeAssets .
LikeAssets collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , which is separate from this one .
Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Dow Jones Online Services or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g . social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) when contacting us .

Posted and effective for new users : September 11 , 2013
Effective for current users : October 26 , 2013
Previous version : February 4 , 2013
Effective for new users immediately and for current users on October 26 , 2013 and superseding all previous versions of the Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information .
It applies to the eBay.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including mobile devices .
You can view a summary of this Privacy Policy at our Privacy Summary Page .
More detailed information about our privacy practices is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
The eBay website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program .
If Customer Support can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Collection of Personal Information
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
Use of Personal Information
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Information You Share on eBay
Using Information You Get from eBay
Our use of Cookies , Web Beacons , Local Storage , and Similar Technologies
No Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing
Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information
How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information
By using eBay.com and its related sites , application , services and tools , and/or registering for an eBay account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement .
If you reside outside of the United States , you are contracting with one of our international eBay companies : In countries within the European Union , your data controller is eBay Europe S. r.l , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 , Luxembourg ; in India , your data controller is eBay India Private Limited , 14th Floor , North Block , R-Tech Park , Western Express Highway , Goregaon ( East ) , Mumbai 400063 , Maharashtra ( India ) ; and in all other countries your data controller is eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 , Bern , Switzerland .
Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term `` personal information '' to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site .
Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy .
eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored .
Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court .
Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies .
The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website or is referenced in the application or service .
The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs .
More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
We may offer you the ability for you to connect with our sites , or use our applications , services , and tools using a mobile device , either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website .
The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices .
This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites .
The eBay.com website is a general audience website , and it and its related sites , applications , services , and tools are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites , applications , services , or tools from users in this age group .
Collection of Personal Information
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
This information is associated to your account only when you sign in as a registered user .
If you register for an account with us , you give us your personal information , and you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience :
Information we collect automatically : When you visit our sites , use our applications , services , and tools , or interact with our advertising or content , we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile device , or other access device .
This information is associated with you personally only when sign in as a registered user , and includes but is not limited to :
device ID or unique identifier , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address , and standard web log information ,
anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons
Information you give us : We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services or tools .
This may include , but is not limited to :
information you provide us when registering for an account , including email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ;
addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ;
shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
information provided in the context of community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , or correspondence sent to us
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list )
Mobile : When you download or use our Mobile Applications , or access one of our mobile optimized sites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device 's setting 's menu .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device .
Information from other sources : We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties sources and add it to our account information .
This may include , but is not limited to , demographic , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law .
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the eBay site or related sites .
We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites .
The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled your by privacy settings on that website and your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Use of Personal Information
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and/or use of our services , applications and tools , provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services , and to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to :
provide you access to our sites and the services and customer support you request ;
provide customer support you request for financial products offered by members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service )
prevent , detect , and investigate , fraud , security breaches , potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customize , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ;
contact you , either via email or telephone , to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications or tools , or for other purposes authorized by law .
contact you , either via email or telephone to inform you about our services and those of our corporate family , deliver targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences
assist in the credit underwriting process in order to provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service ) who offer financial products ;
compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ;
contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or text ( SMS ) messages ( if applicable ) as authorized for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information
You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from eBay about your buying and selling activities from the Communication Preference section within My eBay , This is also the place where you can control your member-to-member communication preferences , and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to receive , and the methods by which we may contact you .
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay , or within the direct communication from us .
If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program .
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations .
As stated above , we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions , and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or data security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , services and tools , and communications .
Members of our corporate family may use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , site operations , and co-branded credit cards ) .
Financial institution partners of eBay corporate family members who offer financial products ( such as WebBank and Comenity Capital Bank ) , with whom we partner with to provide Bill Me Later , a PayPal Service ) to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , websites , applications , services and tools , and communications .
These third party financial institution partners will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance their respective privacy policies and consistent with this privacy policy and our global privacy standards
Other eBay users , whether located in your country of residence or outside of your country of residence , as authorized by you or your use of our sites , services , applications or tools .
For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and request and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction ;
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
Law enforcement , governmental agencies , or authorized third-parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay user to legal liability .
In such events , we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , ZIP code , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , bidding and listing history , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation .
Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account , including information on late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report .
eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity .
In such events , we will disclose name , street address , city , state , ZIP code , country , phone number , email address and company name .
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice . ) .
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity .
Information You Share on eBay
Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your eBay activity .
Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , storefronts , Feedback , ratings and associated comments .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items .
So if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities .
If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your User ID , activity , or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
Using Information from eBay
eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments .
We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users .
We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information .
To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions and collect payments .
When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information .
In all cases , you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
You agree to use user information only for :
eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ;
using services offered through eBay ( such as escrow , shipping , and fraud complaints ) , or
other purposes that a user expressly chooses .
Our use of Cookies , Web Beacons , Local Storage , and Similar Technologies
When you visit or interact with our sites , services , applications , messaging ( such as email ) , and tools , we or our authorized service providers may use cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better , faster , and safer experience .
For more detailed information on our use of these technologies , see our policy on Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies .
No Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam .
Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer .
You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent .
You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement .
We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools .
If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose .
We do not rent or sell these email addresses .
Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information
Your password is the key to your account .
Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password .
You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay .
Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely .
You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it .
Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law .
We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls .
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings .
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations .
In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc .
Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form .
More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center .

The following Privacy Policy shall apply to users registering on or after 22 August 2011 , as from the date of registration .
For users who registered prior to 22 August 2011 , the Privacy Policy shall apply as from 30 September 2011 .
You can find the old Privacy Policy here .
This policy tells you about how we use and protect your personal information .
To see a summary of this policy , and for more information to answer your privacy concerns , please go to our Privacy Central page .
Controlling and Processing Parties
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Information You Share on eBay
Using Information on eBay
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the eBay websites .
It applies generally to the eBay.co.uk website and content and other related websites where this policy appears in the footer of the page .
Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies .
The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website .
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy , eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules ( also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules ) , approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc. to adequately protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides , and depending upon your location , may provide additional privacy rights through your privacy regulator or a court .
If you would like additional information regarding the Corporate Rules or contact us via the contact details below .
Our subsidiaries ' , affiliates ' and joint ventures ' privacy practices are similar to those described in this Privacy Policy .
Subject to the requirements of applicable law , we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout the global eBay trading community .
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration , you expressly consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on 30 September 2011 .
Controlling and Processing Parties
When you use the eBay services , you agree that :
eBay Europe Sarl , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 Luxembourg is the data controller and responsible for the processing of your personal information and can transfer data to eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , CH-3005 Bern and to eBay Inc. , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , CA 95,125 USA and elsewhere in the world eBay Inc. has facilities .
eBay Europe Sarl , eBay Inc. , and eBay International AG will process your personal information in order to provide the services specified in the User Agreement and according to the principles laid down in this Privacy Policy .
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and elsewhere in the world eBay Inc. has facilities .
We may collect and store the following personal information :
email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ;
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ;
shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , feedback , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ;
other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer/device and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ;
additional information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list ) ;
information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and
other supplemental information from third parties ( for example , if you incur a debt to eBay , we will generally conduct a credit check by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau , as permitted by law ; or if the information you provide can not be verified , we may ask you to send us additional information , such as your driver 's licence , credit card statement , or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information ) .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customised experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to :
provide the services and customer support you request ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
prevent , detect , and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customise , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ;
tell you about our services and those of our corporate family , targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences
to send marketing communications via email ( which you may chose not to receive at any time by changing your communications preferences in My eBay or following the instructions provided with the communication ) ; and
compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties .
We do n't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information on other users and information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalise our services , content and advertising .
If you do n't wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customisation programs , simply indicate your preference via the Preferences page in My eBay ( or similar account status page ) or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement .
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to provide our service , respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content infringes the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
We may also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate familylike PayPal or Shopping.comto provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you 've requested their services .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs and customer support ) .
Other eBay users , whether located within the UK or abroad .
For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction .
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
Law enforcement agencies , other governmental agencies or third parties in response to a request for information relating to a criminal investigation , alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you or any other eBay user to legal liability .
The personal information we disclose may include your User ID and User ID history , name , city , county , telephone number , email address , fraud complaints and bidding and listing history or anything else that we deem relevant .
eBay VeRO Programme participants in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate , either under confidentiality agreement or as required by law .
In such circumstances , we may disclose name , street address , city , county , postcode , country , phone number , email address and company name .
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice . )
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from those who attempt to carry out fraudulent or illegal activities on the site , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a legally valid request , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity .
Information You Share on eBay
Your user ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) and is connected to all of your eBay activity .
Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , shop fronts , feedback , ratings and associated comments .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy breaches on our sites refer to user IDs and specific items .
So , if you associate your name with your user ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities .
If you are a business seller , your contact details ( such as name and geographical address ) may be visible on the View Item page , as you indicate in your business preferences on My eBay .
If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your user ID or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
Using Information from eBay
eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions .
We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users .
We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information .
To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions .
When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information .
In all cases , you must comply with data protection laws , and give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
You agree to use user information only for :
eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ;
using services offered through eBay ( e.g . escrow , postage and fraud complaints ) , or
other purposes that a user expressly chooses .
We use `` cookies '' ( small files placed on your hard drive ) on certain of our pages to help analyse our web page flow ; customise our services , content and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
For more information about why we use cookies , see Cookies , Web Beacons , and Your Privacy .
A few important things you should know about cookies are that :
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies .
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status .
Most cookies are `` session cookies '' , meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services .
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the sites that we do not control .
( For example , if you view a web page created by another user , there may be a cookie placed by that web page . )
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam .
Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer .
You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent .
To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails to eBay , please report it to us .
You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would breach our User Agreement .
We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools .
If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose .
We do not rent or sell these email addresses .
Your password is the key to your account .
Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password .
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay .
Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely .
You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it .
Upon your request to Customer Service , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law .
We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc . ) to protect your personal information against unauthorised access and disclosure .
However , as you probably know , third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site .
Therefore , although we work very hard to protect your privacy , we do not promise that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted .
In addition , we will notify you through the eBay Message Centre or via email at the address you provide in My eBay .
If our help pages do not answer the questions you may have related to the Privacy Policy , you can write to the Data Controller within the European Union : eBay Europe S. r.l .
Privacy Policy Requests , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 Luxembourg , or you may contact eBay Customer Support .
If you do not feel satisfied with our responses , you may always contact your local data protection authority , who should forward your question , or contact the Commission nationale pour la protection des donnes in Luxembourg .
Our Previous Privacy Policy
This policy tells you about how we use and protect your personal information .
To see a summary of this policy , and for more information to answer your privacy concerns , please go to our Privacy Central page .
Controlling and Processing Parties
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Information You Share on eBay
Using Information on eBay
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the eBay websites .
It applies generally to the eBay.co.uk .
website and content and other related websites where this policy appears in the footer of the page .
Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies .
The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website .
Our subsidiaries ' , affiliates ' and joint ventures ' privacy practices are similar to those described in this Privacy Policy .
Subject to the requirements of applicable law , we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout the global eBay trading community .
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration , you expressly consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on 13 August 2008 .
Controlling and Processing Parties
When you use the eBay services , you agree that :
eBay Europe S . r.l. , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 Luxembourg , and eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 Bern , may process your personal data .
They may transfer your personal data to eBay Inc. , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , CA 95125 , USA .
eBay Inc. , eBay Europe S. r.l . and eBay International AG process your personal information to deliver the services eBay provides under the User Agreement and within the framework and according to the principles laid down in this Privacy Policy .
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
We may collect and store the following personal information :
email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ;
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ;
shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , feedback , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ;
other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ;
additional information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list ) ;
information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and
other supplemental information from third parties ( for example , if you incur a debt to eBay , we will generally conduct a credit check by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau , as permitted by law ; or if the information you provide can not be verified , we may ask you to send us additional information , such as your driver 's licence , credit card statement , or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information ) .
We do n't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information on other users and information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalise our services , content and advertising .
If you do n't wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customisation programs , simply indicate your preference via the Preferences page in My eBay ( or similar account status page ) or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customised experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to :
provide the services and customer support you request ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customise , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ;
tell you about our services and those of our corporate family , targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences ; and
compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties .
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content infringes the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
We may also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate familylike PayPal , Skype or Shopping.comto provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you 've requested their services .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs and customer support ) .
Other eBay users , whether located within the United Kingdom or abroad .
For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction .
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
Law enforcement agencies , other governmental agencies or third parties in response to a request for information ( such as a Section 29 ( 3 ) Data Protection Act 1998 form ) relating to a criminal investigation , alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you or any other eBay user to legal liability .
The personal information we disclose may include your User ID and User ID history , name , city , county , telephone number , email address , fraud complaints and bidding and listing history or anything else that we deem relevant .
eBay VeRO Programme participants in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate , either under confidentiality agreement or as required by law .
In such circumstances , we may disclose name , street address , city , county , postcode , country , phone number , email address and company name .
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice . )
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from those who attempt to carry out fraudulent or illegal activities on the site , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity .
Information You Share on eBay
Your user ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) and is connected to all of your eBay activity .
Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , shop fronts , feedback , ratings and associated comments .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy breaches on our sites refer to user IDs and specific items .
So , if you associate your name with your user ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities .
If you are a business seller , your contact details ( such as name and geographical address ) may be visible on the View Item page , as you indicate in your business preferences on My eBay .
If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your user ID or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
Using Information from eBay
eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions .
We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users .
We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information .
To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions .
When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information .
In all cases , you must comply with data protection laws , and give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
You agree to use user information only for :
eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ;
using services offered through eBay ( e.g . escrow , postage and fraud complaints ) , or
other purposes that a user expressly chooses .
We use `` cookies '' ( small files placed on your hard drive ) on certain of our pages to help analyse our web page flow ; customise our services , content and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
For more information about why we use cookies , see Cookies , Web Beacons , and Your Privacy .
A few important things you should know about cookies are that :
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies .
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status .
Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services .
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the sites that we do not control .
( For example , if you view a web page created by another user , there may be a cookie placed by that web page . )
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam .
Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer .
You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent .
To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails to eBay , please report it to us .
You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would breach our User Agreement .
We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools .
If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose .
We do not rent or sell these email addresses .
Your password is the key to your account .
Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password .
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay .
Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely .
You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it .
Upon your request to Customer Service , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law .
We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc . ) to protect your personal information against unauthorised access and disclosure .
However , as you probably know , third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site .
Therefore , although we work very hard to protect your privacy , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted .
In addition , we will notify you through the eBay Message Centre or via email at the address you provide in My eBay .
If our help pages do not answer the questions you may have related to the Privacy Policy , you can write to the Data Controller within the European Union : eBay Europe S. r.l .
Privacy Policy Requests , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 Luxembourg , or you may contact eBay Customer Support .

Last Update : 12 December , 2012
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
Opting Out of Personal Information Use
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Information You Share on eBay
Using Information from eBay
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
Protecting and Storing Your Personal Information
Closing Your Account ; Retention of Personal Information
This Privacy Policy describes how eBay International AG , with registered office at Helvetiastrasse 15-17 , 3005 Bern Switzerland , collects , uses , stores , shares and protects your personal information .
It applies to the eBay.com.au website and all related websites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them .
You can view a summary of this Privacy Policy at our Privacy Summary Page .
Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can not be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific user .
By using eBay.com.au and its related websites , applications , services and tools and/or registering for an eBay account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site .
Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Centre and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is effective on 12 December 2012 , for current users , and upon acceptance for new users .
Our parent company , eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are the global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored .
Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court .
Some eBay-branded websites or websites may be governed by separate privacy policies .
The privacy policy that applies will be the policy that is referenced by the respective website , application , service or tool .
The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs .
More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , is available at our eBay Privacy Centre .
You can browse our websites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
If you register for an account with us , you give us your personal information , and you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
When you visit our websites or use our applications , services , or tools , we collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile phone or other access device .
The information sent to us includes data on the pages you access , your computer IP address , device identifiers , the type of operating system you 're using , your location , mobile network information , standard web log data , and other information .
Web log data includes the browser type you 're using and traffic to and from our site .
This information is not associated with you personally unless you are a registered user .
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use and access to our websites , applications , services and tools , and for the additional purposes set out in this Privacy Policy :
email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ;
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) , shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
personal information you provide to us through community discussions , member information pages , correspondence , chats , dispute resolution , or shared by you from other social applications , services or websites ;
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list ) ;
other supplemental information obtained from third parties such as demographic and navigation data ; and credit check information , and additional information about you from a credit bureau , as permitted by law ;
information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including , but not limited to , device ID , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information .
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the eBay websites .
We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites .
The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorising eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our websites , applications , services and tools , and provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customised experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to :
provide services and customer support you request , including service updates ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
prevent , detect , and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customise , measure and improve our services and the content , layout , and operation of our websites and applications ;
compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ;
aggregate and/or make anonymous your personal information , so that it can not be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify you ;
contact you at telephone numbers we have collected , by placing a voice call or through text ( SMS ) or email messaging , as authorised by our
provide you with other services requested by you in the manner described when we collect the information ; and
combine your personal information with information we collect from other companies and use it for the purposes described above and within this Privacy Policy .
You agree that we may use your personal information to tell you about our and our corporate family 's websites , applications , services and tools , deliver targeted marketing and promotional offers based on your communication preferences , and customise measure and improve our advertising , based on your ad customisation preferences .
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent .
We may combine your personal information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalise our advertising and marketing to you .
Opting Out of Personal Information Use
If you do not wish to receive marketing and promotional communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in your My eBay page , or within the direct communication from us .
If you do not wish to participate in our ad-customisation programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program .
If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your personal information for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy we may not be able to continue to allow you to have access to our websites , applications , or tools , or to provide you with some or all of the services and customer support offered to our users and authorised under this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement .
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations .
As stated above , we do not disclosure your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , tools , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their respective privacy policies and our global privacy standards
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , website operations , and co-branded credit cards )
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service )
Law enforcement or regulatory agencies , or authorised third-parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay user to legal liability .
In such events , we will disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , postcode , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , bidding and listing history , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation
We may report information about your account to credit bureaus .
Late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report
eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity .
In such events , we will disclose name , street address , city , state , postcode , country , phone number , email address and company name
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used or disclosed for any purposes not set out in this policy , you will receive prior notice .
While we use contractual and other measures to ensure protection of personal information , the laws and regulations relating to privacy and personal information protection in other jurisdictions may not be the same as , or similar to , your local privacy laws .
The governments , courts , law enforcement or regulatory agencies in these other jurisdictions may be able to request disclosure of personal information through the laws of these countries .
In an effort to respect your privacy , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm , financial loss , to report suspected illegal activity , or otherwise keep the community free from bad actors .
Information You Share on eBay
Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your eBay activity .
Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , storefronts , Feedback , ratings and associated comments .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items .
So if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities .
If you access our websites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your User ID , activity or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
Using Information from eBay
eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments .
We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users .
We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information .
To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions and collect payments .
When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information .
In all cases , you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
You agree to use user information only for :
eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ;
using services offered through eBay ( such as escrow , shipping , and fraud complaints ) , or
other purposes that a user expressly chooses .
When you access our websites or use our services , we ( including companies we work with ) may place small data files on your computer or other device .
These data files may be cookies , pixel tags , `` Flash cookies , '' or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ( `` Cookies '' ) .
We use these technologies to : recognise you as a customer ; customise services , content , and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness ; help ensure that your account security is not compromised ; mitigate risk and prevent fraud ; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and services .
For more information about why we use cookies , see Cookies , Web Beacons , and Your Privacy .
A few important things you should know about our use of these technologies :
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of Cookies
We use Cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status
Most Cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session
You are always free to decline our Cookies if your browser permits , although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services
You may encounter Cookies from third parties , known as service providers , that we have allowed on our websites that assist us with various aspects of our website operations and services
You also may encounter Cookies from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorised .
( For example , if you view a web page created by another user , there may be a Cookie placed by that web page ) .
No Spam , Spyware or Spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam .
Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer .
You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent .
You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement .
We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools .
If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we will not rent or sell that email address .
Accessing , Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
Your password is the key to your account .
Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password .
You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay .
Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely .
You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it .
Protecting and Storing Your Personal Information
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the United States and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorised access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centres , and information access authorisation controls .
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings .
Closing Your Account ; Retention of Personal Information
Upon your request , and subject to the following sentence , we will close your account , and as soon as reasonably possible remove your personal information so that it can not be viewed by other users .
Removal will be based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law .
We may also close or deactivate inactive accounts , or accounts that are used in violation of our User Agreement .
In general , personal information from closed or inactive accounts will be deleted or rendered anonymous as soon as reasonably possibly after the account is closed or deactivated .
Under certain circumstances we may retain personal information from closed or inactive accounts for longer .
Grounds for doing so would include ; prevention of fraud , collection of fees owed , resolution of disputes , to enforce our eBay User Agreement , or to otherwise take actions permitted by law .
Under such circumstances this information will be kept as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations , and to comply with any applicable law .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our websites or other websites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc .
Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form .
More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available out our eBay Privacy Centre .

eBay Privacy Policy effective 1st April 2010
Your privacy is very important to us .
We do not publish , sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information .
By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site .
This Privacy Policy describes the information , as part of the normal operation of our services , we collect from you and what may happen to that information .
Although this policy may seem long , we have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about eBay 's practices so that you can make informed decisions .
Our parent , subsidiaries and joint ventures operate under similar privacy practices as described in this Privacy Policy and , subject to the requirements of applicable law , we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout the global eBay trading community .
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration , you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement .
This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users , and is otherwise effective on 1st April 2010 for all users .
Your Privacy - Our Commitment
At eBay , we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy .
We value your trust in us .
We will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend us to friends and family .
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Site .
eBay promises that we will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Web site and visitors , such as number of visitors , number and type of goods and services purchased , etc .
Your trust and confidence are our highest priority .
When you use our Site , we collect and store your personal information from you .
Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe , efficient , smooth and customized experience .
This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs , and to customize our Site to make your experience safer and easier .
Importantly , we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose .
In general , you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
To fully use our Site , you will need to register using our online registration form , where you may be required to provide us with your name , date of birth , contact number , email id , user id , password , residence / place of business information , billing information , shipping information , bank account details and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site .
Where possible , we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional .
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Site .
You may provide us with a eBay ID .
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site .
We use this information to do internal research on our users ' demographics , interests , and behavior to better understand , protect and serve our users .
This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis .
This information may include the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , which URL you next go to ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , your computer browser information , and your IP address .
We use data collection devices such as `` cookies '' on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow , measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
`` Cookies '' are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services .
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a `` cookie '' .
We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session .
Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests .
Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session .
Additionally , you may encounter `` cookies '' or other similar devices on certain pages of the Site that are placed by third parties .
For example , if you view a web page created by a user , there may be a `` cookie '' placed within that web page .
We do not control the use of cookies by third parties .
If you choose to bid , buy or sell on the Site , we collect information about your bidding , buying and selling behavior .
We also collect other users ' comments about you in our feedback area .
If you establish a credit account with us to pay the fees we charge , we collect some additional information , such as a billing address , a credit/ debit card number and a credit/ debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details and tracking information from cheques or money orders .
If you choose to post messages on our message boards , chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback for other users , we will collect that information you provide to us .
We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes , provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law .
If you send us personal correspondence , such as emails or letters , or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site , we may collect such information into a file specific to you .
If you register for the Site on another web site or use a web site providing a service for eBay or a web site that helps facilitate your activity on the Site , that web site may provide personal information about you and your transactions back to us .
Our use of your information
We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request .
We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you , and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site to : resolve disputes ; troubleshoot problems ; help promote safe trading ; collect fees owed ; measure consumer interest in the services provided by us , inform you about online and offline offers , products , services , and updates ; customize your experience ; detect and protect us against error , fraud and other criminal activity ; enforce our User Agreement ; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
At times , we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes , and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases .
We may compare and review your personal information for errors , omissions and for accuracy .
If you choose to list an item for sale on the Site or open a credit account , or otherwise provide us with your financial information , we use your address and billing information to bill you and provide associated support .
You agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to analyze site usage , improve the Site 's content and product offerings , and customize the Site 's content , layout , and services .
These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs , so as to provide you with a smooth , efficient , safe and customized experience while using the Site .
You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that , in some cases , are targeted to your interests , such as targeted banner advertisements , administrative notices , product offerings , and communications relevant to your use of the Site .
By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you expressly agree to receive this information .
If you do not wish to receive these communications , we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile .
You may make changes to your profile at any time .
Our Disclosure of your information
We may also use your information to deliver information to you that , in some cases , are targeted to your interests , such as new services and promotions .
The following are examples of some categories of persons to whom we would share your information with from time-to-time .
Where a user enters information on any form of an advertiser , the information is simultaneously collected by eBay and the advertiser .
The information is used by eBay in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and is used by the advertiser as per the advertisers prevalent privacy policies .
Because we do not control the privacy practices of these advertisers , you should evaluate their practices before deciding to provide the said information .
b. eBay may also aggregate ( gather up data across all user accounts ) personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for other marketing and promotional purposes .
When a user lists a classifieds advertisement , and the advertisement receives an expression of interest by the interested user , the interested user will be provided the contact information of the user listing the advertisement as provided in that user 's registration form .
When a user expresses an interest in a classifieds advertisement , the user who has listed the advertisement will be provided the contact information of the interested user as provided in the interested user 's registration form .
Items and Services offered on the Site by third parties
There are certain items and services for which third parties request for information before the item/service is listed on the Site ( example : application for homeloan auctions ) .
The information provided by the user for such purposes is simultaneously collected by eBay and the respective third party .
This information is utilised by the third party in accordance with its privacy policy and the terms of the offer .
Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties , you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services .
Internal Service Providers .
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business , product and service operations that we provide to you on the Site ( e.g. , search technology , discussion boards , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , co-branded credit cards ) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers .
These internal service providers ' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced Site related operation , unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses .
In some instances , the internal service provider may collect information directly from you ( such as for Site surveys or for a co-branded credit card ) .
In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider , and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you .
If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly , then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy .
Other Corporate Entities .
We share much of our data , including personal information about you , with our parent , affiliates , subsidiaries , and joint ventures that are committed to serving your online trading needs and related services , throughout the world .
To the extent that these entities have access to your information , they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users .
Our parent , affiliates , subsidiaries , and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document , to the extent allowed by applicable law .
eBay , its parent , affiliates , subsidiaries , its joint ventures , or any combination of such , will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we plan to , merge with , or be acquired by that business entity .
Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
We cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory inquiries , as well as other third parties to enforce laws , such as : intellectual property rights , fraud and other rights , to help protect you and the community from bad actors .
Therefore , in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity , we can ( and you authorize us to ) disclose your name , city , state , telephone number , email address , UserID history , fraud complaints , and bidding and listing history without a subpoena .
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss ; or report suspected illegal activity .
Further , we can ( and you authorize us to ) disclose your name , street address , city , state , zip code , country , phone number , email , and company name to Intellectual Property right 's owners under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity .
Due to the existing regulatory environment , we can not ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy .
By way of example ( without limiting the foregoing ) , we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances , third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site .
Therefore , although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
Your use of other users ' information
In order to facilitate interaction among all eBay community members , our Site allows you to access other users ' contact information .
Further , as a seller you will be sent via email the eBay ID email address and other information of the winning bidder ( s ) , and as a winning bidder you will be sent via email the eBay ID email address and other information of the seller .
By entering into our User Agreement , you agree that , with respect to other user 's personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Site or through a eBay.com-related communication or eBay-facilitated transaction , eBay hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for :
( a ) eBay-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages ,
( b ) using co-branded services offered through eBay
( e.g . insurance , shipping and fraud complaints ) , and
( c ) any other purpose that such user expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose ( s ) .In all cases , you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them .
In addition , under no circumstances , except as defined in this Section , can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure .
eBay and our users do not tolerate spam .
Therefore , without limiting the foregoing , you are not licensed to add a eBay user-even a user who has purchased an item from you-to your mail list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent after adequate disclosure .
What about children 's privacy
Children are not eligible to use our Site and we ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) do not submit any personal information to us .
If you are under the age of 18 , you can not sell , purchase or bid for any items on the Site .
If you wish to purchase or sell an item on the Site such purchase or sale may be made by your legal guardian or parents who have registered as users of the Site provided that such purchase or sale is not in relation to any adult material/mature audience items displayed on the Site , the sale or purchase of which to/by minors is strictly prohibited
Access or change your personally identifiable information
To protect your privacy and security , we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information .
If you have registered your profile on eBay , your eBay ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information .
When you place orders or access your account information , we offer the use of a secure server .
The secure server software ( SSL ) encrypts all information you put in before it is sent to us .
Furthermore , all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure correct use of information , we will employ reasonable security practices and procedures and current Internet security methods and technologies in compliance with Information Technology Act , 2000 and rules made there under .
Your Consent : By using the Site and/ or by providing your information , you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site by eBay in accordance with this Privacy Policy , including but not limited to Your consent for sharing your information as per Clause 5 sub clause 4 : Internal Service Providers mentioned above .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Any changes to our privacy policy will be communicated through our Web site at least 10 days in advance of implementation .
Name and address of the entity collecting and retaining Your Information
Name and address of the entity collecting and retaining Your Information shall be the contracting entity stated in the eBay User Agreement
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under , the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are published on the Website .
Data Privacy and Security Policy
Please click on the underlined hyperlink to carefully read Data Privacy and Security Policy .
Tell us what you think
At eBay , we welcome your questions and comments regarding our privacy policy .

Thank you for visiting the United States Patent and Trademark Office website and reviewing our privacy policy .
Our privacy policy is simple : we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Submitting personal information is voluntary .
When you voluntarily submit information , it constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the purpose ( s ) stated at the time of collection .
See the Privacy Act of 1974 ( P.L . 93-579 ) for more information on your rights under the Privacy Act .
Except for the purposes described below , no other attempts are made to identify individual users while on the USPTO websites .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The USPTO Web servers automatically collect and save the default information customarily logged by Web server software .
We also use an authorized Google Analytics agent to collect comparable information on our behalf .
On a monthly or more frequent basis , we review this information to determine the traffic through the servers in hits , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages of interest .
We may also analyze accesses to particular pages to determine U.S. versus non-U.S. use , government agency versus private use , and other statistics that may be of value to us in establishing priorities and allocating resources in order to better accomplish our dissemination mission .
Analysis of this information may also help identify problem areas of the website or to improve overall service .
Information is retained as long as necessary to perform useful analysis .
For site security purposes and to ensure that USPTO Web services remain available to all users , USPTO monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C .
Sec.1001 and 1030 .
Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations .
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technology
The Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies defines conditions under which Federal agencies may use session and persistent cookies , and categorizes them in tiers to identify their characteristics .
Session cookies are also known as memory-resident cookies .
These cookies are not stored on your computer 's hard drive , and are removed when you complete your session or exit the site .
We use session cookies for some applications to improve their usability and ensure session integrity .
No personal information is gathered .
USPTO sites and applications that use Tier 1 session cookies include the subscription center and the customer satisfaction survey .
Our site-wide search is conducted through USA.gov , an external site , which also uses a session cookie .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer 's hard drive after you complete an activity .
If you block a persistent cookie , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any way .
We use persistent cookies in association with an authorized customer satisfaction survey conducted by a third party , ForeSee ResultsTM .
If you are randomly selected to participate in this survey , a persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive for 90 days to preclude a new invitation during that time .
We also use persistent cookies to enable the Google Analytics program to measure how new and returning visitors use the USPTO website over time .
E-mail submitted to USPTO is saved in accordance to Department of Commerce policy and NARA guidelines .
If you choose to provide us with personal information in e-mail , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested .
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
Moreover , we do not store any personal information independent of the e-mail message , create individual profiles with the information you provide , or give it to any private organizations .
We do not collect information for commercial marketing .
The USPTO may offer the use of third-party e-mail services as a convenience .
If you choose to use such a service , information about you may be independently collected by the third party .
USPTO will clearly note this distinction wherever the service is offered on its website and remind you that your participation is voluntary .
If you choose to submit a blog comment , only personal information that you voluntarily provide as part of the comment will be revealed .
All comments are moderated , and only those that comply with USPTO policy will be publicly posted .
The USPTO will not edit or alter individual comments .
If you simply visit a blog page , your visit will be recorded for statistical purposes , as for other areas of the website .
This randomized survey is based on the American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) and your participation is voluntary .
No personal information is collected unless you choose to provide it as part of a comment or to complete the survey .
Survey data is retained as long as needed to permit accurate analysis , produce summary reports , and monitor overall trends .
If you choose not to participate in the survey , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any other way .
If you have an immediate concern , please refer to the Contact Us page on the USPTO website .
See additional notes under Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies , above .
We are especially concerned about protecting the privacy of children .
We hope parents and teachers are involved in children 's Internet explorations .
We respect the need to protect the identity of any children who participate in an Internet exhibition of their work .
We do not request any information from children on the Kids Pages .
We do , however , sometimes encourage them to participate in contests , but such participation is carried out through postal mail .
Links to Other Sites
Our Web pages may contain links to websites outside the USPTO , including those of other federal agencies , international sites , and private organizations .
In some cases , USPTO may have an official presence on an external site that we 've engaged to serve a specific function .
Be aware that whenever you follow a link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site .
Privacy Act Systems of Records
Where a USPTO website requests information that will be stored in a Privacy Act system of records , an individual Privacy Act Statement is provided .
Should there ever be a need to use information for a purpose other than one already provided for under the Privacy Act , we will give you specific instructions on how you may consent to such use .
You are never required to give such consent .
Information stored in any Privacy Act System of Records is handled as set forth in the applicable System of Records Notice in order to preserve its security and confidentiality .
Access the USPTO Systems of Records Notices .
OMB Circular A-11 , Exhibit 300 Privacy Impact Assessments
To Our USPTO Customers
Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft !
When filing documentation in support of applications or petitions , please take steps to protect all personal information .
`` Personal information '' includes social security , credit card , and bank account numbers .
To support a petition or application , the USPTO never requires this type of personal data within the body of the petition or application .
To protect your privacy , you should delete such information from any documentation that you send to the Office except when submitting the USPTO Credit Card Payment Form ( PTO-2038 ) .
If using a USPTO electronic form where a fee is required , take care to enter the payment information ( such as a credit card number ) only in the specific secure payment portion of the form .
Patent and trademark public data is available directly through the USPTO website , including in bulk format .
As public data , it may be disseminated from other websites as well .
All patent application files are published and made available to the public 18 months from the filing date , unless the application includes a non-publication request .
( See MPEP Sections 724 .
02-724.06 for details on making a non-publication request . )
Also , all patent application files will become available to the public upon the grant of the patent .
For patents , if you have questions about what information may be published and how to remove the material from documents you plan to submit to the USPTO , please call the Inventors Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or 571-272-1000 .
Trademark applications are available to the public within a week of their submission .
[ Change History ]
12/7/2010 - updated information concerning persistent cookies , external sites , and surveys .
2/9/2011 - added information related to the use of Google Analytics and external sites .

Last modified : July 1 , 2013
You have trusted us for many years to make safe and quality educational children 's content that family members of all ages can enjoy .
We understand how important privacy is to you and your family , which is why we are committed to creating a safe and secure environment that family members of all ages can enjoy .
As a not-for-profit public institution , our goal is to collect only the information about our users and their use of our services that will help us provide the best online experience possible and implement PBS 's mission .
This Privacy Policy describes how we use , share , and protect information that we collect from you and your child online through pbskids.org and any other non-commercial websites or online services that PBS operates and that link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services .
You or your child may be prompted to provide for some or all of the following types of information in order to register , access various content or features , submit photos and other content , directly contact us with questions or feedback , or access other features of the Services :
Contact information , such as name or e-mail address
User name and password
Other information , such as school , city , state , and zip code
Comments and other information posted through interactive online features
Correspondence you send to us
Some of the Services may allow you or your child to enter text and information in open fields , such as comment sections , and message boards .
If you or your child choose to participate in these public areas of the Services , please be aware that any information submitted through these areas is public .
Please use caution in disclosing personal information in these areas .
Although we moderate public forums to keep their content appropriate for the forum 's intended audience , we are not responsible for the information you or your child submits in these open forums and public areas or for other user 's actions with respect to that information .
We generally use the information that we collect about you or your child to :
Fulfill your or your child 's requests for services and information
Enable you or your child to participate in interactive features , such as comment boxes and forums
Display content and information that you may be interested in
Customize the content displayed when you or your child use the Services
Analyze use of the Services to understand and improve our service offerings , such as determining which pages are most popular , which browsers are most used , how long users spend on the Services , and which websites they come from
Otherwise support the internal operations of the Services
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce the Terms of Use
For any other purposes disclosed to you or your child at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent
We may aggregate your or your child 's information with information about other users so that it no longer identifies and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual person .
We may share information that is collected from you or your child in the following circumstances :
Authorized third-party service providers .
We may share information with our third-party service providers to help us fulfill requests and perform various functions necessary to our educational mission , including usage analytics , data processing , and account management .
For example , our service providers may provide to us and analyze on our behalf usage information so that we can identify which of our services are most popular and how they can be improved .
PBS Member Stations .
In some circumstances , we may share information we collect about you or your child with your local PBS member station ( s ) .
We may share information in connection with a substantial business transaction , such as the sale of the Services , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , law enforcement requests , legal claims or government inquiries , and to protect and defend the rights , interests , property , safety , and security of PBS , our member stations , users , or the public .
With your consent .
We otherwise may share your or your child 's information with your consent .
We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services that we hope you or your child will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings .
Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies
We may use cookies , web beacons , Local Shared Objects , and other similar technologies to collect information about your or your child 's use of the Services .
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by a computer 's web browser .
Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images , also known as `` pixel tags , '' `` GIFs , '' or `` clear GIFs , '' that can recognize cookies , the time and date a page is viewed , a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed , and similar information from a computer or device .
Local Shared Objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Flash Cookies '' ) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player .
We use these technologies , for example , to help us recognize your or your child 's browser as a previous user and save and remember any preferences that may have been set ; to help us customize the content shown while you or your child use the Services ; to provide you or your child with content customized to your interests and to understand whether users read e-mail messages and click on links contained within those messages so that we can deliver relevant content and offers ; and to help measure and research the effectiveness of our Services , interactive online content , features , and other communications .
We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information through the Services .
For example , our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement , research , and analytics .
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings .
Because each web browser is different , please consult the instructions provided by your web browser ( typically in the `` help '' section ) .
Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies .
For example , Local Shared Objects may be controlled through the instructions on Adobe 's Setting Manager page .
If you choose to refuse , disable , or delete these technologies , some of the functionality of our site may no longer be available to you or your child .
Parental Consent , Access , and Deletion
We endeavor to obtain a parent or legal guardian 's consent before collecting , using , or disclosing personal information from children .
Parents or legal guardians may contact us to ask if we have collected their child 's personal account information , to review that information , if any , and request that PBS stop collecting this information and have it deleted .
Such requests are subject to PBS verifying to our satisfaction that the requester is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
We are committed to protecting your and your child 's information .
We have adopted reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect this information from loss , misuse , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using the Services but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you or your child transmit to us .
Third-Party Services , Content , and External Links
If you access third-party services , such as Facebook , Google , or Twitter , through the Services to share information about your experience on the Services with your friends and other connections , we may collect information about you from those services .
In addition , those third-party services may be able to collect information about you , including information about your activity on the Services , and they may notify your connections about your use of the Services , in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You may access third-party content through the Services and navigate to third-party sites and services from links on the Services .
Whether the third-party content appears within our Services ( such as in an embedded video player ) , or you leave our Services to view the content on another website , the third party is in control of and independently produces , maintains , and monitors the content and third-party sites .
When you watch third-party content that is made available through the Services or navigate to such third-party sites , you become subject to the third party 's terms of use and privacy policies .
You should review the privacy policies of these third-party sites for their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of your information as their policies may differ from ours .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of third parties .
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy , for example , to reflect changes in the law , our practices , or the features of the Services .
These changes will be effective immediately upon posting .
As a result , you should periodically review the Privacy Policy so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices .
By using the Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy , and , by continuing to use the Services after changes have been made , you agree to the changes .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding is policy , please contact us at :
Arlington , VA 22202
( 703 ) 739-5127
Please read the Terms of Use for Terms and Conditions for using this site .

Last revised August 20 , 2013
Thank you for visiting Photobucket.com ( the `` Site '' ) and reviewing the Privacy Policy of Photobucket.com , Inc .
( `` Photobucket '' or `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
It is important to us that you understand what information we collect when you visit the Site either from a computer or a mobile device and what we may do with that information , so we have laid it all out here for you .
This Privacy Policy also covers the collection of data from applications on mobile devices .
By using this Site you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , and you signify your assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use , please do not use this Site or submit any personal information .
Please take care to read our Privacy Policy to be sure you are informed about how your information may be used .
Please also read our Terms of Use .
Getting to Know You
We collect and store a wide variety of information you submit to Photobucket or give us in the other ways described below .
Some is personal information and some is n't .
What Is `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ( or PII ) ? Information that identifies you , such as your name , email address or image , or that can be used to identify you when combined with other information , is `` personally identifiable information . ''
When Do We Ask for PII ?
If you choose to register to use the Site , we may collect your name , email address , and date of birth during the registration process .
Photobucket may ask you for other PII from time to time , such as contact information ( like your mailing address and phone number ) , or demographic information ( like your zip/postal code or region , hometown , gender , or education level ) .
We may ask for this information from you in order for you to use the Site beyond just browsing , or for the purposes disclosed to you at the time such other PII is collected .
What Is n't Personal Information ? Information we can gather from your visit that does n't identify you personally , like your IP address , your operating system , your browser type and language , the date and time of your visit , as well as information about your ISP , referring URL , the search term that led you to the Site , your geographic region , the type of content you view , etc .
We may do this by assigning your computer one or more cookies which may collect information about how you use Photobucket ; we may use standard Internet tools , such web beacons or cookies , which collect non-PII and track your use of our website .
Do I Have A Choice ? While you 're not required to provide PII to visit the Site , many of our cool features may not be available to you if you choose not to create an account with us or , at other times , not to provide requested information .
How We Use What We Know
How Do We Use PII ? We use the PII we request at registration in order to provide you with the services offered on the Site , including image hosting and sharing .
There are some circumstances when we will share PII with trusted third party business partners , which may include advertisers , and others :
Photobucket may share PII with our trusted third party business partners .
They are obligated to keep your information confidential .
They may present you with offers pertaining to products and services which you may have requested or other offers for products and services that you will find of interest .
To our trusted service providers working on Photobucket 's behalf to deliver services , such as sending emails related to the Site or your account .
These service providers are under confidentiality obligations with Photobucket , and do not have any independent right to share this information ;
With other companies within our corporate family ; and
Photobucket may disclose your PII : ( a ) when we are legally required to do so ; ( b ) to protect the interests or safety of Photobucket or Site users ; ( c ) to another company if we are bought , or if we discontinue operations .
How Do We Use Your Email Address ? Photobucket will use your email address to contact you to manage your account .
Unless you tell us not to , Photobucket will also : send you marketing and promotional materials regarding Photobucket and its features ; and send you marketing and promotional materials that promote third party products , including from affiliates , third parties and trusted marketing partners with whom we have shared your PII .
What If I Do n't Want Email From Photobucket ? If you do n't want to get emails from us ( except related to customer service or account issues ) , you may uncheck the `` Allow Photobucket to send me newsletter updates '' box in Account Settings under Privacy Settings .
You may also simply click the `` unsubscribe '' link in any of the emails you receive .
What if I Do n't Want Email From Third Parties ? If you would like to opt-out from Photobucket sharing your PII with third party business partners for email marketing purposes , please go to your Account settings or click here and un-check the box for 3rd party marketing emails .
How Do We Use Your Information For Advertising ? Photobucket will target advertising based on personal information provided by users and inferred from site usage .
This may include gender , age , or geographic data .
Photobucket does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
We may bundle and share the non-personal information we collect from you and other users with advertisers , third parties , trusted partners and affiliates so that they display advertising that better suits the interests of users of our Site .
We may aggregate your PII with information about others .
In that case we will make your information non-personally identifiable by removing your name and other characteristics that would identify it as you .
We may use and/or share the resulting non-PII with third parties .
Do We Use Analytics Companies ? We may provide some non-personal information to others who help us understand how you use the Site .
Do We Use Cookies ? We use both HTTP ( or HTML ) cookies and Flash cookies to collect non personal information , help smooth the upload process , remember you on future visits , better understand how users engage with the Site so we can enhance the user experience , and maintain volume on video playback .
Most browsers accept HTTP cookies automatically , but allow you to disable them .
You can manage Flash cookies with a tool found on Adobe 's web site .
However , if you disable cookies on your browser , you will not be able to log in to the Site .
How Can I Opt-Out of Having Non-PII Shared ? You may choose to opt-out from allowing Photobucket to provide non-PII to certain partners .
Visit networkadvertising.org , aboutads.info , rhythmnewmedia.com , and jumptap.com to make informed decisions about your online and mobile privacy and to opt-out of sharing your non-PII .
Going Public and Being Social
There are some things you may choose to do on or by accessing the Site which may be public .
Here are some examples :
Photographs and videos which you submit for use on public areas on Photobucket are considered public information and may be copied or further distributed by others in accordance with the Terms of Use .
If you submit any personal or PII for display in public areas , other people who visit the Site may see it .
If geotags are included in your postings , those will be viewable , too , but we offer you the ability to disable this information in the Account Settings of your account .
Alternatively , if the option exists , you might want to disable the location settings on your camera or phone .
Your comments may be seen by others .
If you submit any personal or PII in a comment , other people who visit the Site may see it .
Connecting With Social Media .
If you link your Photobucket account to or sign in to your account through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , or third-party social media plug-ins and applications , you are allowing us to have access to both PII and non-PII from your social media profile .
That PII may be publicly viewed and may possibly be used by other members of these sites .
This Privacy Policy applies to Photobucket and our Site only .
Our Site contains links to or integrations with other sites , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Before you click through to another site , you should read that site 's privacy notice , since we have no control over and take no responsibility for information that is submitted to , or collected by other sites .
The Site may feature ads , including ads served by others to our Site .
These advertisers and ad servers may place or utilize their own unique cookies , pixels or web beacons , and may collect non-PII about your visit to the Site , such as your IP address and the number of times you have viewed the ad .
Photobucket is not responsible for the collection of these cookies and is not responsible for what the ad service providers do with the information they collect .
Is There Anything Else I Need to Know
Your information may be stored in the United States or other countries where the data protection and other laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country ( especially for users in the EEA ) .
By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Information transferred to or stored in the United States may be subject to access requests from U.S. governments , courts , law enforcement officials and national security authorities in the United States according to United States laws .
13 and Up .
If you are under the age of 13 , we 're sorry , but you ca n't register at the Site .
On the bright side , Photobucket will never knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information .
Changing Our Policy .
This Privacy Policy is subject to change .
We will prominently post a notice on the Site when there are material changes in the way we treat PII .
You should periodically check back and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it .
While Photobucket has security measures to help protect the information under our control , no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Photobucket tries to protect your personal information and ensure the security of your communications on our systems , by maintaining physical , organizational and technological safeguards ( appropriate to the sensitivity of such information ) designed to protect it against unauthorized use , disclosure or access of the personal information we collect on this Site .
However , we can not ensure or warrant that any information you transmit to us will stay safe and secure and you do so at your own risk .
Your information may be stored in whole or in part on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from others .
Although Photobucket tries to keep your information safe , it relies on the statements of those vendors regarding the safety and security of their storage equipment and services as part of its evaluation .
By using the Site , you agree that Photobucket is not responsible if the storage equipment and services provided by others are n't working like they are supposed to , and that you will have to seek any remedies from those providers , not Photobucket .
We keep your personal information only so long as we need it for the purposes for which it was collected , for the products and services that you are using , or to meet any legal requirements .
We have retention standards , which meet these requirements .
We destroy your personal information when it is no longer needed .
Do n't Be Shy ! If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or information that you have submitted to us or if you would like to do any of the following :
see personal information that you have already sent us so that you can correct or update it , or delete your personal information from our files ;
if your child under 13 has sent us personal information , delete that personal information from our files ;
ask that we not send you mailings or otherwise contact you ; or
report any violation of this Privacy Policy
Address : Photobucket.com , Inc .
Box 13003 , Denver , CO 80201

This privacy policy covers php.net and its associated mirrors .
We will not give away your email address to anyone , who is not related to the operations of php.net .
We will also never ask you to send us any of your passwords via email .
Most mirrors maintain standard logs of the requests that reach the web servers , but we do only use those files for statistical purposes .
And to improve your search experience , we store anonymised search terms that are submitted to the site .
php.net uses cookies to keep track of user preferences .
Unless you login on the site , the cookies will not be used to store personal information and we do not give away the information from the cookies .

Privacy of Personal Information
The University of Southern California is committed to the responsible use of personal information collected from and about students , faculty , staff , business partners and others who provide such information to us and to compliance with both state and federal regulations concerning the use of personal information .
Such personal information includes any number that may be used , alone or in conjunction with any other information , to identify a specific individual ; or other personal information that could be used to cause financial or reputational harm to an individual .
This policy applies to information that is collected by any means whether electronically , by telephone , or on paper .
Limits on Use and Access
The responsible use of personal information requires that the university respect individual privacy , protect against identity theft and other unauthorized uses , and comply fully with all laws and government regulations i n the collection , use , storage , display , distribution and disposal of such information .
Authorized uses of personal information within the university are limited to those which a ) are necessary to meet legal and regulatory requirements ; b ) facilitate access to services , transactions , facilities and information ; or c ) support efficient academic and administrative processes .
Access to personal information is limited to
the individual whose information is produced or displayed ,
a University official or agent of the university with authorizedaccessbasedupona legitimateacademic or business interest and a need to know ,
an organization or person authorized by the individual to receive the information ,
a legally authorized government entity or representative , or other circumstances in which the University is legally compelled to provide access to personal information , or
other individuals or entities , as allowed by law , for purposes judged to be appropriate or necessary for the reasonable conduct of University business .
State law protects the use of Social Security numbers .
The University will continue to collect and maintain Social Security numbers in all instances in which that number is required by law for reporting or other uses .
This includes , but is not limited to , all enrolled students who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents , and all individuals receiving payment from the University .
In addition , the University will continue to use Social Security numbers , as allowed bylaw , for operational purposes for which there is no reasonable substitute .
Social Security numbers are always considered confidential , and therefore subject to the access restrictions described above .
It is against both state law and university policy to
Publicly post or display the Social Security number in any manner ;
Print the Social Security number on any card required to access service ;
Require an individual to transmit his or her Social Security number over the Internet unless the connection is secure or the number is encrypted ;
Require an individual to use his or her Social Security number to access an Internet site unless a unique password or PIN is also required ; or
Print a Social Security number on any materials that are mailed unless required by a state or federal agency , unless state or federal law requires the Social Security number to be on the document to be mailed .
Also , Social Security numbers may be included in applications and forms sent by mail , including documents sent as part of an application or enrollment process , or to establish , amend or terminate an account , contract or policy , or to confirm the accuracy of the Social Security number .
Department and Personal Responsibility
Each university department is responsible for reviewing and monitoring internal procedures , reports and other documents to assure compliance with this policy .
This responsibility includes providing training and control systems for the responsible use of personal information that is accessible to employees for doing the work of the department .
The University expects that all members of the community also will exercise caution in making available their own personal information to others .
In particular , individuals should not give others access to their USC identification cards , passwords or personal identification number ( PIN ) .
Online Collection of Personal Information
University departments that collect personal information on their Web pages must post a link to this privacy policy and inform consumers about a ny persons or entities outside the university with whom they may share personal information collected online .
If the department has a process for the consumer to change such information , that process must be described and available to the consumer on the department Web pages .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted on the USC Web site .
Medical records , records pertaining to personal health information and records pertaining to human subjects in research projects are governed by more extensive restrictions .
Information Requiring Enhanced Protection
In addition to this privacy policy , please refer to the university 's Information Security Policy for additional security requirements for personal information and other types of information that require enhanced privacy protection .
The following offices have responsibility for providing interpretation and implementation guidance on this policy .
Questions about the policy should be directed as follows :
Complaints about online collection of personal information or compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act Office of Information Security ( 213 ) 743-4900
For issues or complaints regarding use or misuse of your own personal identification information
StudentsDean of Academic Records and Registrar ( 213 ) 740-4623
FacultyVice Provost for Faculty Affairs ( 213 ) 740-6715
StaffExecutive Director , Human Resources Administration ( 213 ) 821-8111
System Access , Security and Access Termination Administrative Information Services ( AIS ) ( 213 ) 821-2000
Information Technology Services ( ITS ) ( 213 ) 740-5555
Vendor/Contractor Access to Information and Confidentiality Agreements
Disbursement Control ( 213 ) 740-2720
Purchasing Department ( 213 ) 740-2281
E-Mail and Internet , Intranet , Extranet Uses of Personal Information and Disposal of Electronic Records and Computers
Office of Information Security ( 213 ) 743-4900
Dennis F. Dougherty , Senior Vice President , Administration
Lloyd Armstrong , Jr. , Provost and Senior Vice President , Academic Affairs
University of Southern California
Index to university policyan alphabetical list of every policy
What 's newthe most recent changes to university policy
Policy procedureshelp for those wishing to issue or revise a university policy
University Organization , Authority and Core Documents
Administrative and Business Practices
Development and University Relations
Facilities and Real Estate
Finance , Accounting and Budget
Policy archivehistorical reference to policy updates
Compliance Help & Hotline
USCeTVonline employee TV network
USC Office of Employee Communications

Web portal legal information
Caixabank , S.A. ( from here on , la Caixa ) is the entity that owns the portal or website of la Caixa which you have accessed .
Access to the portal or any of the websites of la Caixa and to the information about any of the products and services contained in it entails acceptance of the general conditions laid down in this Legal Notice .
This is why you must read its contents carefully if you want to access and make use of the information and services offered about the portal or any of the websites of la Caixa .
Validity of the information and contents
The information contained on these pages is valid on the date of their last updating .
The present conditions are valid from the date of their last updating .
la Caixa reserves the right to modify them at any time , in which case these changes will enter into force on their publication and will be applicable to all users of the portal or websites from this date .
The contents of any of the web pages , especially information and advertising references , make up no binding offer , unless explicitly indicated otherwise .
la Caixa reserves the right to introduce modifications or omit in part or fully the current contents whenever it deems appropriate and to prevent or restrict access temporarily or permanently .
la Caixa can include on any of its websites contents from third parties and links to web pages of third parties , always with the authorisation of their owners , as well as links to social networks and other information .
In none of these cases will la Caixa be responsible for the pages and contents of third parties or for their operation and availability .
Simple navigation through the websites of la Caixa is free and does not require the user to register beforehand .
Nevertheless , access , contracting or the use of some products and services may require user registration .
In such a case , each of the products and services will be governed by its own specific conditions , without detriment to the conditions stipulated here .
On some of the portals and websites , users will be offered the possibility of personalising their pages , by including different screen backgrounds or configuring access to their favourite products and services , in order to make navigation and location of the resources used more efficient and functional and better adapted to the tastes and customs of each user .
The portal and websites of la Caixa are endowed with sufficient certificates , seals and ratifications of security and quality to offer users a secure environment .
Notwithstanding , we recommend you consult and read carefully the Security Recommendations that la Caixa makes available to all users on its portal .
Privacy and data protection policy
la Caixa complies fully with current legislation on protection of personal data and with the confidentiality commitments that are proper to banking operations .
la Caixa has adopted the technical measures needed to maintain the requisite level of security , depending on the nature of the personal data processed and the circumstances of the processing , with the aim of avoiding , as far as possible and always depending on the state of the technology , unauthorised disturbance , loss , processing or access .
When a customer or user is asked to fill in a form that gathers personal data , he/she will be informed about the recipient of the data , the purpose for which the data were gathered and the identity and address of the person/entity responsible for the file and of his/her power to exercise the rights of access , rectification , cancellation and opposition to the processing of his/her data .
The personal data gathered will only be processed and/or transferred for the purpose expressed , and always with the consent of the user or customer .
So that the information held in our files is always up-to-date and contains no mistakes , we ask our customers and users to tell us as quickly as possible of any modifications or corrections to their personal data .
The web pages of la Caixa use cookies , which are small data files that are stored in the user or customer 's computer and allow our systems to remember characteristics or preferences of his/her navigation through our web pages .
The cookies can then be used to personalise access on follow-up visits , make navigation more secure , collect statistical information on the navigation done and discover user preferences .
The cookies policy of la Caixa is subject to the EU and Spanish regulations in force concerning personal data processing and to the protection of privacy in electronic communications .
By virtue of this , la Caixa will inform users of the cookies it deploys on each website ( Information about the cookies used ) and , when necessary , will request the user 's consent to their deployment .
Mobile portals and geolocation
Some of the web pages of la Caixa are adapted for use in mobile devices , for which reason the presentation and contents of the various mobile applications may not coincide or reflect precisely those of the portal or the various websites .
In addition , some of the web pages adapted for mobile devices or some applications may possess geolocation functions , in order to determine at all times the location of the mobile whenever the user turns on the function .
This enables customers to access the services that la Caixa has available that require geolocation .
Access to these services will need the user to turn on the geolocation function on his/her mobile , which can then be deactivated at any time .
Intellectual and industrial policy
The portal and web pages of la Caixa , the pages that it contains and the information and contents of them include texts , documents , photographs , drawings , graphic items , data bases and computer programs , as well as logos , brands , commercial names and other distinctive signs , that are protected by intellectual or industrial copyright , of which la Caixa or the companies in its Group are holders or legitimate licensees .
la Caixa provides no guarantee of the lawfulness or legality of the information and items contained on the web pages of la Caixa , in cases when neither la Caixa nor the companies in its Group are the owners .
Forbidden and permitted uses
Any kind of exploitation of the above-mentioned work , creations and distinctive signs is forbidden without the prior and explicit authorisation of their owners , including every kind of reproduction , distribution , transfer to third parties , making them public or altering them , by means of any kind of support or medium .
Failure to comply with this prohibition will constitute an infraction that can be sanctioned under current legislation .
Nevertheless , on his/her own account and risk , the user may download or copy items exclusively for his/her personal use , provided that this does not infringe any of the intellectual or industrial property rights of la Caixa .
In particular , items can not be changed , modified or suppressed wholly or in part .
In no case will this imply any authorisation or licence over the property rights of la Caixa or its Group companies .
It is forbidden , except in cases explicitly authorised by la Caixa , to establish links or hyperlinks from portals or websites of third parties to web pages of la Caixa other than the main page of its portal , or to present the web pages of la Caixa or the information therein under frames , distinctive signs , brand names or business or marketing names of another person , company or entity .
Financial and Stock Exchange information
The portal or the websites of la Caixa provide no investment recommendations , no legal or tax advice and no other recommendations of any kind .
The information is of a general nature and in no case takes into account specific or particular criteria and objectives concerning investment or the financial situation .
As such , the information contained on them must not be used to make investments or take decisions .
In the case of negotiated stock , any decision to subscribe , purchase or sell must be adopted whilst bearing in mind public information .
The contents of the web pages do not amount to an offer to sell shares in the United States of America .
Shares can not be offered , sold or subscribed in the United States of America unless they have been registered or received exemption from registration , as stipulated in the US Securities Act of 1933 .
la Caixa does not guarantee continuous access or the correct viewing , download or utility of the items and information contained on the web pages of la Caixa , which may be impeded , hindered or interrupted by factors or circumstances beyond its control .
la Caixa is not responsible for the information and other contents that are part of spaces or web pages of third parties and are accessible from the web pages of la Caixa through links or hyperlinks .
Nor is it responsible for the information and other contents that are part of spaces or web pages of third parties from which there is access through links or hyperlinks to the portal of la Caixa or to any of its web pages ; or for the information and other contents on any web page of third parties that is presented under the appearance and distinctive signs of la Caixa , barring explicit authorisation from the latter .
la Caixa and its information suppliers as third parties accept no responsibility for the information , contents of all kinds , products or services offered or provided through the web pages of la Caixa by third persons or entities , even though these may belong to the same economic Group , or , in particular , for any kind of damage or prejudice that , linked to the preceding , may be caused by : i ) lack of information or deficiencies in the information provided to users , or in its veracity , accuracy or adequacy ; ii ) non-compliance or defective or late compliance with contracts or pre-contractual relationships ; iii ) non-compliance with the obligations incumbent on providers of services of the information society ; iv ) infraction of the rights of consumers and users ; v ) infraction of intellectual and industrial property rights ; performance of acts of disloyal competition or illicit publicity ; vi ) infraction of the right to data protection , to professional secrecy , to honour , to personal and family privacy and to people 's images ; vii ) in general , non-compliance with any laws , customs or codes of conduct applicable ; and viii ) any decision taken based on information supplied through the portal of la Caixa .
Neither la Caixa nor the suppliers of information as third parties accept any responsibility for damage , prejudice , losses , claims or expenses , caused by ( i ) interference , interruptions , faults , omissions , phone breakdowns , delays , blockages or disconnections in the operation of the electronic system , brought about by defects , overloading or errors in the telecommunications lines or networks , or by any other reason outside the control of la Caixa ; ( ii ) illegitimate interference by use of malignant programs of any kind or through any communications medium , such as computer viruses or anything else ; iii ) inappropriate or improper use of the web pages of la Caixa ; ( iv ) errors of security or navigation caused by malfunction of the Navigator or the use of out-of-date versions of it .
The present general conditions will be governed by Spanish law .
Caixabank , S.A. 2013 Barcelona .

This privacy policy applies to the information AOL Inc. collects about you from any device you use to access AOL products , services , software , websites , and other goods and services offered , owned , or operated by AOL Inc. ( collectively Services ) .
Some of these Services may provide you with additional information and choices about your privacy , which you should review .
This policy does not apply to information about you collected by third party websites and offerings linked to or otherwise accessible from AOL .
The information collected or received by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies .
Collection of Your AOL Information
We collect or receive information about your interactions with AOL .
Registering with AOL is optional and we may collect information even if you do not register .
Depending on how you use AOL 's Services , your AOL information may include :
registration-related information ( such as name , addresses , e-mail addresses , telephone numbers , birth date , or gender ) ;
information about the AOL Services that you use , how frequently you use them ( such as your use of email or instant messenger ) ; and your responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on AOL or other features made available by AOL , including those available on third party websites ;
information about the searches you perform through AOL Services and how you use the results of those searches ;
personal financial information related to the use of AOL financial features ( such as My Portfolios ) .
Your use of AOL financial features is subject to additional privacy terms .
transaction-related information ( such as credit card or other preferred means of payment , billing or shipping information , or a history of products purchased through AOL ) ;
customer service information about you as an AOL user ;
location data and other information about devices used to access and interact with AOL ; or
other information specifically related to your use of Services , including information that you publicly post using tools made available by AOL .
Your AOL information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information , information about households , and other information which we may append or match to your AOL information .
AOL may also receive or collect certain technical information when you use our Services .
This may include : your browser or operating system , your manner of connecting to the Internet ( including the type of device you are using ) and the name of your Internet service provider or wireless carrier ; your Internet protocol ( IP ) address ; information about AOL Services that you used prior to registering with AOL ; and data relating to malfunctions or problems occurring when you use AOL Services .
Additionally , we may collect information about other software on your device for the limited purpose of protecting your security or improving your online experience .
How Your AOL Information is used
Your AOL information is used for purposes that include :
to operate and improve the Services available through AOL ;
to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you ( including to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers ) ;
to fulfill your requests for products , programs , and services ;
to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries ;
to conduct research about your use of AOL ; and
to help offer you other products , programs , or services that may be of interest .
AOL may use cookies , web beacons , or other technologies in combination with your AOL information to enhance and personalize your experience on AOL .
AOL may use information about your use of certain communication tools ( for example , AOL e-mail or AOL Instant Messenger ) ; however , when you use AOL communication tools , AOL does not read your private online communications without your consent .
Sharing of Your AOL Information
AOL does not rent or sell your AOL information ( such as name , address , telephone number , screen name , and credit card information ) to third parties for their marketing purposes .
AOL may share your AOL information with third parties to provide products and services you have requested , when we have your consent , or as described in this Privacy Policy .
Your AOL information may be shared with sites and services consistent with this Privacy Policy .
You have choices about how your AOL information is used .
The contents of your online communications , as well as other information about you as an AOL user , may be accessed and disclosed under the following circumstances : in response to lawful governmental requests or legal process ( for example , a court order , search warrant or subpoena ) , in other circumstances in which AOL has a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by an AOL user , that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person , when necessary either to protect the rights or property of AOL , or for us to render the service you have requested .
Please note that if you use AOL communications tools to disclose information about yourself publicly ( for example , in chat rooms or online message boards made available by AOL ) , others outside of AOL may obtain access to information you provide .
AOL 's offerings may include features or functionalities provided by third parties .
In the process of providing such functionalities within AOL Services , your browser may automatically send certain technical information to the third party provider .
The use of these third-party provided features or functionalities is subject to their own privacy policies .
Business partners or other third parties may receive data about groups of AOL users , but do not receive information that personally identifies you .
We may use agents and contractors in order to help operate AOL .
Their use of information is limited to these purposes .
In the event that ownership of AOL was to change as a result of a merger , acquisition , or transfer to another company , your AOL information may be transferred .
If such a transfer results in a material change in the use of your AOL information , you will be provided notice about the choices you have to decline to permit such a transfer .
Your AOL information may be used for the presentation of advertisements .
AOL may use ad networks to customize and display advertising on AOL Services .
AOL may share certain information about you as a user ( such as age , zip code , or other information we have collected or received ) with certain ad network and service providers to help them deliver more relevant content and advertisements through their networks .
You can learn more about advertising displayed on AOL as well as how you can control the use of your AOL information for such advertising .
Your Choices about Your AOL Information
AOL provides you with access to your registration information and any billing or shipping information as well as the ability to edit this information and to cancel AOL fee-based Services at My Account .
Visit AOL Marketing Preferences to review your AOL marketing preferences and make choices about how your AOL information may be used to provide marketing offers to you .
These preferences do not apply to communications that are directly related to your registration with AOL or the fulfillment of a specific transaction you have requested ( for example , a service advisory from AOL or an acknowledgment of a purchase order ) .
Visit AOL Advertising , Analytics , and Privacy to learn more about your choices related to online advertising .
Some AOL Services ( AOL Search and Netscape ISP , for example ) may also offer you the ability to manage and control information collected or used when you use these services .
Our Commitment to Security
AOL has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your AOL information , but can not guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy ( for example , as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or AOL and its affiliated providers ' policies ) .
To protect your privacy and security , we may use passwords or other technologies to register or authenticate you and enable you to take advantage of AOL Services , and before granting access or making corrections to your AOL information .
AOL Services are intended for a general audience .
We do not knowingly collect , use , or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent , except as permitted by the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act .
By providing your consent in such circumstances , you agree that your child may use all AOL Services and that we may collect , use , and disclose your child 's personal information consistent with this privacy policy .
If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children , or if you would like to review , have deleted , or stop the further collection of your child 's personal information , you may contact us :
AOL Children 's Online Privacy
ATT : H2A : H09
Dulles , VA 20166-9302
By phone : ( 888 ) 206-6088
For a list of the types of authorized third parties that may collect personal information through the AOL Services , please visit Advertising , Analytics , and Privacy .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the AOL Privacy Policy or its implementation , you may contact us .
AOL has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Additional Information
AOL may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically .
If there are significant changes to AOL 's information practices , you will be provided with appropriate online notice .
You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from AOL as well as for special features and services not described in this Policy that may be introduced in the future .
European Union Residents : AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .

Microsoft Online Privacy Statement
Xbox LIVE , Games for Windows LIVE and Xbox.com
( last updated August 2013 )
view the privacy statement highlights
Collection of Your Personal Information Collection of Your Personal Information
Use of Your Personal Information Use of Your Personal Information
Sharing of Your Personal Information Sharing of Your Personal Information
Accessing Your Personal Information Accessing Your Personal Information
Communication Preferences Communication Preferences
Display of Advertising ( Opt-Out ) Display of Advertising ( Opt-Out )
Security of Your Personal Information Security of Your Personal Information
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Use of Cookies Use of Cookies
Use of Web Beacons Use of Web Beacons
Controlling Unsolicited E-mail ( `` Spam '' ) Controlling Unsolicited E-mail ( `` Spam '' )
Enforcement of This Privacy Statement Enforcement of This Privacy Statement
Changes to This Privacy Statement Changes to This Privacy Statement
How to Contact Us How to Contact Us
We self-certify compliance with :
U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Seal
This privacy statement applies to websites and services of Microsoft that collect data and display these terms , as well as its offline product support services .
It does not apply to those Microsoft sites , services and products that do not display or link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements .
Please read the Microsoft Online Privacy Statement below and also any supplemental information listed to the right for further details about particular Microsoft sites and services you use .
Some products , services or features mentioned in this statement may not be available in all markets at this time .
Collection of Your Personal Information
We collect information as part of operating our Websites and services .
At some Microsoft sites , we ask you to provide personal information , such as your e-mail address , name , home or work address , or telephone number .
We may also collect demographic information , such as your ZIP code , age , gender , preferences , interests and favorites .
If you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service , we will ask for additional information , such as your credit card number and billing address .
In order to access some Microsoft services , you will be asked to sign in with an e-mail address and password , which we refer to as your Microsoft account .
By signing in on one Microsoft site or service , you may be automatically signed into other Microsoft sites and services that use Microsoft account .
For more information , see the Windows Live ID privacy supplement .
We collect additional information about your interaction with Microsoft sites and services without identifying you as an individual .
For example , we receive certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit , such as your IP address , browser type and language , access times and referring Web site addresses .
We also use Web site analytics tools on our sites to retrieve information from your browser , including the site you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find our site , the pages you view within our site , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height .
We use technologies , such as cookies and web beacons ( described below ) , to collect information about the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services .
We also deliver advertisements ( see the Display of Advertising section below ) and provide Web site analytics tools on non-Microsoft sites and services , and we collect information about page views on these third party sites as well .
When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Microsoft , we may use web beacons ( described below ) , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Microsoft , information collected through one Microsoft service may be combined with information obtained through other Microsoft services .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies .
For example , we may use services from other companies that enable us to derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area .
Top of pageTop of page
Use of Your Personal Information
Microsoft collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve its sites and services .
These uses include providing you with more effective customer service ; making the sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information ; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products , services and technologies ; and displaying content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences .
For more information about the use of information for advertising , see the Display of Advertising section below .
We also use your personal information to communicate with you .
We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters , billing reminders , information on technical service issues , and security announcements .
Some Microsoft services , such as Windows Live Hotmail , may send periodic member letters that are considered part of the service .
Additionally , with your permission , we may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Microsoft and its affiliates , and/or share your personal information with Microsoft partners so they may send you information about their products and services .
You can opt-out from receiving newsletters or promotional e-mail anytime by using this web form or by following the steps as described in the respective newsletter or promotional e-mail .
Personal information collected on Microsoft sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates , subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities .
Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Switzerland .
Top of pageTop of page
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Except as described in this statement , we will not disclose your personal information outside of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent .
Some Microsoft sites allow you to choose to share your personal information with select Microsoft partners so that they can contact you about their products , services or offers .
Other sites , such as MSN instead may give you a separate choice as to whether you wish to receive communications from Microsoft about a partner 's particular offering ( without transferring your personal information to the third party ) .
See the Communication Preferences section below for more information .
Some Microsoft services are co-branded by Microsoft and another company ( partner ) .
If you register to or use such a service , both a Microsoft privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed .
If so , both Microsoft and the partner will receive information you provide such as on registration forms .
Microsoft occasionally hires other companies ( vendor ) to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings , providing customer support , hosting websites , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services .
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service .
They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than for delivering the service to Microsoft in accordance with Microsoft 's instructions and policies .
However , our vendors may use aggregate data for fraud detection to help improve their services .
This helps them to more accurately detect fraudulent transactions .
We may access or disclose information about you , including the content of your communications , in order to : ( a ) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process ; ( b ) protect the rights or property of Microsoft or our customers , including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services ; or ( c ) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Microsoft employees , customers or the public .
We may also disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets .
Top of pageTop of page
Accessing Your Personal Information
Some Microsoft services give you the ability to view or edit your personal information online .
To help prevent your personal information from being viewed by others , you first will be required to sign in .
The method ( s ) for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you have used .
Microsoft.com - You can access and update your profile on microsoft.com by visiting the Microsoft.com Profile Center .
Microsoft Billing and Account Services - If you have a Microsoft Billing account , you can add to or update your information at the Microsoft Billing Web site by clicking on the `` Personal Information '' or `` Billing Information '' links .
Microsoft Connect - If you are a registered user of Microsoft Connect , you can access and edit your personal information by clicking Manage Your Connect Profile at the Microsoft Connect Web site .
Windows Live - If you have used Windows Live services , you can update your profile information , change your password , view the unique ID associated with your credentials , or close certain accounts by visiting Windows Live Account Services .
Windows Live Public Profile - If you have created a public profile on Windows Live , you may also edit or delete information in your public profile by going to your Windows Live profile .
Search Advertising - If you buy search advertising through Microsoft Advertising , you can review and edit your personal information at the Microsoft adCenter Web site .
Microsoft Partner Programs - If you are registered with Microsoft Partner Programs , you can review and edit your profile by clicking Manage Your Account on the Partner Program Web site .
Xbox - If you are a Xbox LIVE or Xbox.com user , you can view or edit your personal information , including billing and account information , privacy settings , online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing My Xbox on the Xbox 360 console or on the Xbox.com website .
For account information select My Xbox , Accounts .
For other personal information settings , select My Xbox , Profile then Online Safety Settings .
Zune - If you have a Zune account or a Zune Pass subscription , you can view and edit your personal information at Zune.net ( sign in , access your Zune tag then My Account or through the Zune software , ( sign in , access your Zune tag , then select Zune.net profile . ) ''
In case you can not access personal data collected by Microsoft sites or services via the links above , these sites and services may provide you with alternative means of access to your data .
In any case , you can contact Microsoft by using the web form .
Top of pageTop of page
You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Microsoft sites and services by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive .
Depending on the respective service , you may also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail , telephone calls , and postal mail from particular Microsoft sites or services by visiting and signing into the following pages :
Microsoft 's Promotional Communications Manager allows you to update contact information , manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences , opt out of subscriptions , and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners .
If you do not have a Microsoft account , you can manage your Microsoft email communication preferences by using this web form .
The Microsoft.com Profile Center allows you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from Microsoft.com , to select whether Microsoft.com may share your contact information with selected third parties , and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services .
The MSN & Windows Live Communications Preferences page allows you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing material from MSN or Windows Live .
You may subscribe and unsubscribe to MSN Newsletters by going to the MSN Newsletters website .
If you have an Xbox.com or Xbox LIVE account , you can set your contact preferences and choose whether to share your contact information with Xbox partners by accessing My Xbox on the Xbox 360 console or on the Xbox.com website .
To access these settings on the Xbox.com website , select My Xbox , Profile then Contact Preferences .
On the Xbox 360 console , select My Xbox , Profile then Online Safety .
If you are registered with Microsoft Partner Programs , you can set your contact preferences or choose to share your contact information with other Microsoft partners by clicking Manage Your Account on the Partner Program Web site .
If you have a Zune account or a Zune Pass subscription , you can set your contact preferences and choose whether to share your contact information with Zune partners at Zune.net ( sign in , access your Zune tag then My Account , Newsletter options or through the Zune software ( sign in , access your Zune tag , then select Zune.net profile . )
In any case , you can inform Microsoft by using this web form about your wish to stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail .
These choices do not apply to the display of online advertising : please refer to the section `` Display of Advertising ( Opt-out ) '' for information on this matter .
Nor do they apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Microsoft services , which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service .
Top of pageTop of page
Display of Advertising ( Opt-Out )
Many of our Web sites and online services are supported by advertising .
Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites are displayed by Microsoft Advertising .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more persistent cookies on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time we display an ad to you .
Because we serve advertisements on our own websites as well as those of our advertising and publisher partners , we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your computer , visited or viewed .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you .
You may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page .
For more information about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information , please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Supplement .
We also allow third-party ad companies , including other ad networks , to display advertisements on our sites .
In some cases , these third parties may also place cookies on your computer .
These companies currently include , but are not limited to : 24/7 Real Media , aCerno , Inc , AdBlade , AdConion , AdFusion , Advertising.com , AppNexus , Bane Media , Brand.net , CasaleMedia , Collective Media , Fox Interactive , Interclick , Millennial , PrecisionClick , ROI Media , Social Media , SpecificMedia , TrafficMarketplace , Tribal Fusion , ValueClick , Yahoo ! , YuMe , and Zumobi .
These companies may offer you a way to opt-out of ad targeting based on their cookies .
You may find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to the Web sites of each company .
Many of them are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies .
Top of pageTop of page
Security of Your Personal Information
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal information .
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
For example , we store the personal information we collect on computer systems with limited access , which are located in controlled facilities .
When we transmit highly confidential information ( such as a credit card number or password ) over the Internet , we protect it through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information , it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential .
Do not share this information with anyone .
If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users .
Top of pageTop of page
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Many Microsoft sites and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children .
When a Microsoft site does collect age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the site will either block such users from providing personal information , or will seek to obtain consent from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information .
We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services .
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use Microsoft services , this will include such general audience communication services as e-mail , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages .
Parents can change or revoke the consent choices previously made , and review , edit or request the deletion of their children 's personal information .
For example , on MSN and Windows Live , parents can visit Account Services , and click on `` Permission for kids . ''
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent .
If you have an MSN Premium , MSN Plus , or MSN 9 Dial-Up account , and use MSN Client software version 9.5 or below , you can choose to set up MSN Parental Controls for the other users of that account .
Please read the supplemental privacy information for MSN for further information .
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online .
You and your child can visit our online safety resources for additional information about using the Internet safely .
Top of pageTop of page
Most Microsoft Web sites use `` cookies , '' which are small text files placed on your hard disk by a Web server .
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and targeted advertising on your later visits to these sites .
Microsoft Web sites also use cookies as described in the Display of Advertising sections of this privacy statement .
When you sign in to a site using your Microsoft account , we store your unique ID number , and the time you signed in , in an encrypted cookie on your hard disk .
This cookie allows you to move from page to page at the site without having to sign in again on each page .
When you sign out , these cookies are deleted from your computer .
We also use cookies to improve the sign in experience .
For example , your e-mail address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out .
This cookie allows your e-mail address to be pre-populated , so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in .
If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored , you can select the appropriate radio button on the sign-in page , and this cookie will not be used .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Microsoft sites and services that depend on cookies , and some advertising preferences that are dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected .
If you choose to accept cookies , you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted .
For example , in Internet Explorer 8 , you can delete cookies by selecting `` Tools '' , `` Delete browsing history '' .
Then select the control box `` Cookies '' and click the `` Delete '' button .
If you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies , including advertising preferences , will be deleted and may need to be recreated .
Top of pageTop of page
Use of Web Beacons
Microsoft Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
We may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
Microsoft may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites .
We prohibit Web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information .
Finally , we may work with other companies that advertise on Microsoft sites to place Web beacons on their sites in order to allow us to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft site results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser 's site .
Top of pageTop of page
Controlling Unsolicited E-mail ( `` Spam '' )
Microsoft is concerned about controlling unsolicited commercial e-mail , or `` spam . ''
Microsoft has a strict Anti-Spam Policy prohibiting the use of a Windows Live Hotmail or other Microsoft-provided e-mail account to send spam .
Microsoft will not sell , lease or rent its e-mail subscriber lists to third parties .
While Microsoft continues to actively review and implement new technology , such as expanded filtering features , there is no technology that will totally prevent the sending and receiving of unsolicited e-mail .
Using junk e-mail tools and being cautious about the sharing of your e-mail address while online will help reduce the amount of unsolicited e-mail you receive .
Top of pageTop of page
Enforcement of This Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement , you should first contact us by using our Web form .
TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with Microsoft to resolve your concerns .
Top of pageTop of page
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback .
When we post changes to this Statement , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this statement .
If there are material changes to this statement or in how Microsoft will use your personal information , we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification .
We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Microsoft is protecting your information .
Top of pageTop of page
How to Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices , go to the full Microsoft Online Privacy Statement .
If you suspect your Hotmail/Live account has been hacked or taken over , please visit Live Help .
If you have a Hotmail/Live password question , please visit Live Help .
For general Microsoft Privacy issues , please contact us by using our Web form .
Microsoft Privacy , Microsoft Corporation , One Microsoft Way , Redmond , Washington 98052 USA 425-882-8080
Top of pageTop of page

Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy
Last Updated : October 25 , 2013
At Publishers Clearing House we take your privacy seriously , which is why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information collection and use practices .
Unless otherwise noted , the information and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy , data collection and data transfer policies of Publishers Clearing House .
Publishers Clearing House has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
We may occasionally change the features and content found on this site .
Consequently , our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the site .
We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices .
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY By completing and submitting a registration and entry form at pch.com , you signify your agreement to the pch.com privacy policy .
If you do not accept this privacy policy , please do not use the pch.com site .
We reserve the right , at our discretion to change , modify , add or remove portions of this privacy policy .
You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our practices .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by e-mail , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective .
This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user .
Policy last updated : June 5 , 2009 .
Why does pch.com collect personal information ?
How and what information does pch.com gather or track ?
What are Cookies and Pixels ?
Does pch.com disclose user information to third parties ?
Can I opt-out of pch.com 's data collection and/or distribution ?
What about external web sites ?
Does pch.com allow users access to their information for review and updating ?
What does pch.com do to keep their site secure ?
Does pch.com collect information from users outside of the United States ?
Does pch.com collect personal information from children ?
Your California Privacy Rights
What about Publishers Clearing House 's off-line information and privacy practices ?
U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Framework Compliance
Why does pch.com collect personal information
We need to collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online sweepstakes entries and online orders for the products and services we offer .
For example , we need your full name , e-mail address and date of birth to verify eligibility and enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize , to process and record coupon request and redemption activity and to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase .
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others .
Why does PCH collect information from a user 's device ? We need to collect certain device information so that we may ensure that you are being served the correct version of the app , so we are able to notify you that you have won a contest , so that we may determine which user has downloaded the application , users are then given a chance to win contests .
We will collect the following information from a user 's device Android Device ID , Operating System Version , Flash Version , Browser Type , Service Provider , Mobile Device Model , Screen Resolution , Language , Country , City , and Mobile input selector ( touch screen , etc . )
To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web service , we also collect and use personal data to identify users ' specific interests and needs .
If given permission , we may notify our users of offers and information we feel may be of interest to them available from pch.com and our marketing partners .
If given permission , we may also share information with select marketing partners who may directly contact our users regarding their own offers of interest .
If you do not want to receive such offers you may follow the simple unsubscribe procedure located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
Our online registration and entry page contains a clearly identified checked box indicating that by submitting the form you wish to receive offers from pch.com and our marketing partners .
Users may unsubscribe from such offers by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box before submitting the registration and entry form .
We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners .
We send entrants a confirmation e-mail when they register for our sweepstakes or complete other transactions at our site .
These confirmation e-mails are not promotional in nature and the user may not opt-out of receiving these transactional e-mails .
If you are currently receiving commercial e-mail messages from Publishers Clearing House after previously providing permission and no longer wish to receive such offers you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or the `` EZ Unsubscribe '' seal in any commercial e-mail from pch.com .
You may also contact pch.com either through our `` Ask Us '' page in the Info Center section of pch.com or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving , , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .
We send our PCH VIP mobile application users push notifications , to inform them of new drawings and alert them of third party offers that may be of interest to them .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications , you may do so by turning this feature off at the device level .
We collect your location based information for the purpose of locating a place that you may be searching for in your area or alerting you to a special event in your area .
We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you the service .
If you no longer wish to allow to use this information you may turn it off at the device level .
From time to time , we post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information such as the customer 's name .
We do obtain the customer 's consent prior to posting these testimonials .
If you use our blog on this web site or participate in chat rooms on this site , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of this forum , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in this forum .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
When you order gift subscriptions on our site , we will ask you for your friend or family 's contact information including name , mailing address and e-mail address .
We will use this information only for the purpose that it was collected ( i.e . to fulfill the gift subscription ) .
When you utilize the share feature located within our mobile application we will ask for your friend 's email address .
We will use this information to send them a one-time email inviting them to visit and download the application .
How and what information does pch.com gather or track
We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for sweepstakes entry and order processing .
Although some of the personal identifying information is necessary to deliver these services ( e.g. , an address is required to buy goods and services from pch.com ) , in some cases some of the information is optional .
Users can determine to some extent what information they wish to submit .
In addition to the initial registration process , we may , from time to time , ask users to answer optional questions about products and services .
We gather this data in order to better understand our users ' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information .
Through the use of `` cookies '' and `` pixel tags '' ( both described below ) and online survey and registration forms , we may collect personal data on , among other things , the following information :
Demographic : age , gender , income level
Technical : IP address , domain name , e-mail address , site traffic
Reference : name , land address , telephone number , password
The website that referred you to us .
The web pages you viewed on our site
The advertisements you viewed and clicked on at our site .
Coupon activity including the types of coupons that you choose .
When you access PCH offered applications at social media sites like Facebook you allow us to access certain information from your profile at those sites .
For example , when you access a game or application using the Facebook Platform , Facebook will usually provide the application your User ID , as well your friends ' User IDs ( or your friend list ) .
The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the social media site .
You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook at .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Additionally , if you download and install the coupon printing software we collect information about that device that helps us manage our products and services and detect and prevent coupon fraud .
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer 's hard drive or temporarily in your computer 's memory .
The use of cookies is now an industry standard , and users will find them on most major web sites , pch.com may place and store Internet cookies on a user 's hard drive .
Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above .
Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the pch.com site .
For example , we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to pch.com , track site usage and traffic patterns , add advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you , and estimate our audience size .
We also use cookies to store user names and information that are supplied at registration .
Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , if you prefer , you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature ( s ) of your web browser software ( if available ) to delete the cookie .
Please note , however , that certain areas on the site will not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies .
`` Pixel tracking '' , a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites , involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding .
Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of these advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics .
A `` pixel tag '' is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites you may visit and is used to track an individual user 's activity .
We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our offers with your interests .
For example , if you visit our Web site from an advertisement on another site , the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that their advertisement brought you to the PCH site .
If you visit our website and we link you to another site we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third party web site .
This data is collected for use in our marketing and research .
Personal information about you is not collected by the third party advertising company , nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag allowed to be used by them for any other purpose other than to report web site activity to us .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here .
As is true of most web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , tracking utility company ) use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application .
Does pch.com disclose user information to third parties
Except as otherwise noted in this policy , pch.com only discloses user information in aggregate form to marketing partners .
For example , we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited pch.com over a period of time , but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer , unless that user has given us permission to do so .
We share our users Android ID with application tracking companies so that we can track whether a user has downloaded one of our Customer 's applications .
We will share our unique ID for the user with our customer 's so that we are able to provide users with their prizes .
pch.com believes that consumers should be able to control the use of their data .
We will not share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
If an opt-out is not submitted , we will notify users of exciting offers of interest from pch.com and our marketing partners .
We may also share your name , land address and e-mail address with marketing partners so that they can send you offers directly for products and services that may be of interest to you .
The personal information our users provide to us may be combined with other personal information ( such as demographic information and past purchase information ) available from our records and other sources .
We use a third party to verify your address , in order to process your order prior to shipping .
This allows us and our marketing partners , with permission , to present our users with offers and information geared towards their interests .
We require each permission based e-mail our partners send to include a description of a simple opt-out process that will enable you to stop receiving promotional e-mail from them in the future .
We will only deal with marketing partners who offer products or services that we believe may be of interest to our users .
Nevertheless , pch.com is not and can not be responsible for the activities or privacy policies of these third parties .
We may share our unsubscribe list with select marketing partners for the sole purpose of insuring that individuals on this list do not receive electronic commercial mail messages containing Publishers Clearing House advertisements that may be sent by such partners .
We do not rent , license , or sell personal data to third parties unless permission is granted through user submission of the checked permission notice box appearing at the registration and entry page of pch.com .
In the event of a merger , acquisition , or change of control of pch.com , customer data would be considered a business asset and would be transferred .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users .
You should also know that when you order a magazine subscription from pch.com , we need to provide your name and address to the magazine publisher so they can start your service .
Publishers may exchange or rent their subscriber names , typically to third party companies that match reader interests .
If you do not wish to receive such offers , we suggest that you notify the publisher directly ( the contact information is usually found in each magazine issue ) .
We use other third parties such as credit card processors and e-mail service providers to provide order fulfillment and e-mail delivery services on our site .
When you register on our site , we will share your personal information as necessary for these third parties to provide these services .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose including their own marketing purposes .
When you register with pch.com we may share your name and information with third parties who may contact you by mail with relevant offers .
If you wish to opt out of such exchanges you may click : here .
Targeted or Behavioral Advertising : Targeted advertising ( also known as Behavioral Advertising ) uses information collected on an individual 's web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made .
This information is then used to select which pch.com advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.com .
For example , if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.com , you may be served an advertisement from pch.com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.com .
The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID ( alphanumeric number ) ; it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person , such as their name , address or credit card number .
The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.com or through third party website publishers .
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers , please click here : Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from pch.com and any other participating advertisers .
If you opt out , you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you .
Can I opt-out of pch.com 's data collection and/or distribution
Receiving email messages from pch.com , our affiliates and partners is optional .
As noted earlier , the collection , use , and distribution of personal data helps us create a more personalized , relevant , and intelligent web service for our users .
While some basic data is necessary to provide certain services , such as entry into the sweepstakes and fulfillment of products and services ordered through pch.com , there are some cases where the submission of information is optional .
We will not contact you with e-mail offers or share personal information with marketing partners if you follow the simple opt-out procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the pch.com registration and entry page .
If you are already receiving pch.com emails and no longer wish to receive such communications , simply follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions that appear in every pch.com e-mail , or contact us through our `` Ask Us '' page found in our Info Center section or by writing directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .
If you have provided personal information directly to our third party marketing partners and are receiving email communications directly from these third parties pch.com can not , in most instances , unsubscribe users from these third parties .
If you wish to unsubscribe from one of our marketing partner 's e-mail programs , please follow their unsubscribe procedures which will be found within their e-mails or in their privacy policy .
What about external web sites
To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized on this Site to access third party sites , users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by pch.com and , therefore , are not subject to this privacy policy .
We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized .
Please note that our Web sites utilize framing techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the site when the user is actually on a third party Web site .
Does pch.com allow users access to their information for review and updating
Users can access the personal information they have provided to pch.com for the purposes of reviewing and updating such information by following instructions in the `` Your Account '' section of the Site .
What does pch.com do to keep their site secure
We have implemented a number of security features throughout the pch.com site that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online .
For example , database information is firewall protected .
Also , only authorized pch.com personnel have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users .
Moreover , password and credit card information you submit to pch.com is always encrypted during transmission .
Users should be aware that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers .
While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet can not be 100 % guaranteed .
Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public , and consequently , can be collected and used by others without their consent .
pch.com is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction .
When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card number , we encrypt it using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Does pch.com collect information from users outside of the United States
The pch.com site is not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States and such users are not eligible to submit online sweepstakes entries .
However , as indicated in the Official Rules on the site , some sweepstakes promoted on the pch.com Site are open to residents of the U.K. and Canada .
Residents from these countries can participate in these sweepstakes by sending a write-in entry to the address provided in the Official Rules .
We regret that as a result of system limitations at this time non-U.S. residents may not order products through pch.com .
If pch.com becomes aware that a user who does not reside in the United States has registered with the pch.com site , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files .
Does pch.com collect personal information from children
The pch.com site is not targeted nor directed to children under the age of thirteen .
PCH.com does not intend to collect personal information from individuals in this age group .
If pch.com receives actual notice that a child under the age of thirteen has provided personal information to pch.com , pch.com will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files .
Your California Privacy Rights
The following information for California residents covers on-line ( internet ) and off-line ( direct mail ) information sharing activities .
Please review the complete Publishers Clearing House Privacy Policy for full details on our information sharing and privacy practices .
As detailed in our policy , from time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , Sr. Director , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes .
Please make sure to provide both your email address and full name , mailing address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing .
What about Publishers Clearing House 's off-line information and privacy practices
Publishers Clearing House collects certain personal information from our direct mail customers and entrants primarily to process sweepstakes entries and fulfill orders for the products and services we offer .
For example , we need your full name and address to enter you in the sweepstakes , notify you if you 've won a prize or to send you any magazine subscription or product you may purchase .
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes , and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and other third parties .
From time to time we may share or exchange marketing information about the consumers who respond to our offers with other companies so they may contact you about products and services that may interest you .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
or by writing to Christopher L. Irving , , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , Publishers Clearing House , 382 Channel Drive and we will be pleased to respect your wishes .
Please make sure to provide your full name , address , city , state and zip code information if you wish your request to apply to both on-line and off-line marketing information sharing .
U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Framework Compliance
Publishers Clearing House complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
Publishers Clearing House has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this privacy policy or the use of personal data .
To contact us , please visit the Info Center of the site or write directly to Christopher L. Irving , Consumer & Privacy Affairs , pch.com , 382 Channel Drive , Port Washington , New York , 11050 .

Source Interlink Companies , Inc .
( `` Source '' or `` We '' or `` we '' ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and subscribers while offering the highest quality publications and services to them .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , to whom we disclose personal information and other information you have provided , and how to correct or change personal information that you have provided to us .
This Privacy Policy applies to Source Interlink Companies , Inc. and all of its parent companies , subsidiaries , and affiliates , including specifically Source Interlink Media , Inc. and its family of consumer publications .
We urge you to read the complete Privacy Policy set forth below , as well as our Terms and Conditions of Use , and contact us if you have any questions .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect personally identifiable information , such as names , mailing addresses , e-mail addresses , demographic information , and similar information in a variety of situations , including but not limited to the following : ( i ) when you subscribe to one of our magazines or place an order ( see the section below for more information on subscriptions and orders ) ; ( ii ) when you register at one of our web sites in connection with the purchase of a product , publication , or service ; ( iii ) when you enter personal information on one of our web sites as a condition of participating in contests , promotions , or sweepstakes offered via these web sites ; or ( iv ) when you wish to have a product or service fulfilled by a fulfillment partner who can meet the continuing needs of our customers .
Some of our sites may collect credit card and related financial information if you wish to purchase a product or subscribe to any publication or service offered via these sites .
If you wish to subscribe to one of our publications or place an order for products or services online , you must generally establish a credit card account with us or our vendors .
Some of our sites also may collect social security numbers from consumers if such consumers use one of our automotive-related web sites and wish to receive a quote from an automotive lender that is part of the site 's automotive lender network .
In such instances , we collect social security numbers only to fulfill consumers ' requests to receive quotes or other financial offers from a lender in the site 's automotive lender network .
Information Collected Automatically .
Our web sites automatically collect certain information , such as your IP address , browser type , domain name , access times and referring website address .
This helps facilitate your online experience at our web sites .
See Sections IV and V of this Privacy Policy for more detail on cookies , web beacons , and other information collected automatically by our web sites .
WHAT DO WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the personal information you provide to allow you to make product purchases , to fulfill your requests , improve our publications , products and services , to send you promotional offers related to Source or our business partners , and to operate our business .
A user may , at any time , opt out of receiving promotional offers by mail or e-mail .
How You Can Control Your Personal Information .
We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our products and services , respond to any problems that may arise , such as magazine delivery failures , difficulties in navigating our sites or accessing certain features , as well as to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users , and to put you in touch with fulfillment partners who can provide services that we can not .
We allow users of our website to send articles or links by e-mail to other parties who may be interested in them .
We do not retain any e-mail addresses of either the sender or recipient of such articles or links after they are sent , and do not share `` send a friend '' e-mail addresses with third parties .
HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your personal information only as described below .
Sharing Within the Source Corporate Family .
We may share your personal information with any parent company , subsidiary , or affiliate in the Source corporate family .
All entities within the Source corporate family may have access to your personal information as well as anonymous , aggregate demographic data .
Source 's Service Providers .
Source may decide to share your personal information with companies that work on behalf of or with Source .
These companies may use your personal information to inform you about Source 's products and services , to provide you with information about other exciting products and services , or otherwise to assist Source in serving its customers , understanding its consumer market , or devising effective marketing strategies to reach more consumers .
Source may decide to share your personal information with third parties who purchase leads from Source , such as automotive dealers and banks .
Some of our web sites require users to disclose personal information as a condition of receiving quotes or offers from fulfillment partners ( as described more fully below ) , such as automotive dealers or banks , who can provide services or products to users that Source does not directly provide .
In these instances , your personal information will be provided to third parties who compensate Source for leads delivered to such third parties .
Some of our sites offer opportunities to make purchases online from special participating vendors .
On sites with online purchase opportunities for products and merchandise , we will also give participating vendors the order information and authorization for the merchant bank .
Any time you order from a participating vendor , that vendor will automatically have all the information related to the order .
Participating vendors may use that information to advise you directly of other products and offerings that they provide .
Credit Card Companies ; Third Party Payment Services ; Third Party Promotional Sites .
As in any transaction , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , and date and total cost .
Source will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company .
In some cases , we use third party payment and transaction services to facilitate your transactions and process your orders .
In such cases , we will share your personal information and credit card information with the third party payment services solely for the purpose of completing the transaction or processing your order .
In some cases , we will share your personal information and credit card information with third parties who may offer you a gift or promotional offer as a result of your purchase or subscription to a Source product or publication .
Some of our web sites are intended to facilitate transactions between you and a third party .
To do so , we collect and share additional personal information , like credit information , so such third parties can provide the product or service you request .
As our fulfillment partners may keep and use your information whether or not you purchase their products or use their services , your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies .
Other Third Parties .
We may share your personal information with third parties , such as advertisers , sponsors , and other promotional and business partners , only when you have not opted out of receiving communications from third parties .
If you wish to opt-out of receiving third party communications , you may exercise this right by following the opt-out procedures contained in any e-mail or written communication Source sends to you or by following the procedures set forth in Section VII of this Privacy Policy .
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information , personal or otherwise , online in any community area ( whether through Source 's web sites or any other service available online ) , that information can be collected and used by others .
Accordingly , you should use caution when sharing any personal information with others in any community area ( whether through Source 's web sites or any other service available online ) .
Required Disclosures of Information .
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent as needed to satisfy any law , regulation or legal request ; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law ; to protect the integrity of our sites and our property and assure adherence to our terms of use ; to protect the safety of our visitors or others ; to fulfill your requests ; or to cooperate in any legal investigation or process .
Changes in Corporate Structure .
In developing our business , we might sell certain assets , or the company , or parts of it , may be sold , merged or otherwise transferred .
In such transactions , user information , whether personally identifiable or otherwise , may be one of the transferred assets .
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES
Your Web browser offers `` cookies '' which , if you allow their use , store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a web site .
Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore can not be used to identify you personally .
Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best , and also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and our websites are viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser .
However , if you disable cookies , some advanced and customized features or offerings on our site will not be available to you .
In addition to collecting cookies , Source may distribute , sell , and/or transfer such cookies to third parties with whom Source has a commercial relationship .
If you do not wish your cookies to be used in this manner , you can modify your browser to disable the collection of cookies .
Additionally , we use third-party companies to collect non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , the pages you visit , and which links you click , which ads you see and click on , and the categories of search terms you enter ) when you visit one of our web sites .
Some of these third-party companies collect information when serving ads on our sites , while others collect information without showing ads on our sites .
These companies may use the information outlined above ( which does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
HOW DO WE USE WEB BEACONS , WEB ANALYTICS , AND OTHER BEHAVIORAL MARKETING TECHNOLOGIES
A number of technologies exist to assess consumer behavior both on-line and off-line .
Source employs a variety of these technologies , including web beacons ( see below ) , web analytics techniques , and other behavior marketing technologies , to assess consumer behavior and to understand how we can better serve our customers .
Many of these technologies are provided to Source via third party providers specializing in behavioral marketing and consumer behavior .
In the course of using these behavioral marketing technologies , we automatically collect non-personal information from you , including but not limited to the following types of information : Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login , e-mail address ; computer and connection information such as browser type and related browser data ; content viewed ; and purchase history , which may be aggregated with other information for analytic purposes .
Some of our web pages , promotional e-mail messages , and/or newsletters may contain electronic images known as web beacons , which are also called single-pixel gifs .
Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information , but they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about the usage of our web sites and to track the number of users who have opened and acted up our promotional e-mail messages .
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides .
WHAT ABOUT THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS
Some of the banner ads displayed in our web sites are provided by third parties .
These ads contain cookies and may also contain web beacons .
Unlike cookies and web beacons used by Source in content it controls on its web sites , cookies or web beacons received with banner ads are collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information .
We use third parties to serve some or all of the advertisements that are placed within our sites and they may use information ( not including personally identifiable information ) about your visits to our sites and other sites to assist in serving advertisements to you .
These companies may employ cookies , web beacons , and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness .
They may share anonymous information with their clients such as date/time of the banner ad shown , the specific ad shown , the IP address , etc .
DoubleClick is our primary third party ad server .
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We believe that choice in how and when you are contacted is key to customer satisfaction , so we offer several ways for you to update your contact information , change your preferences , or opt out of receiving future communications .
If you have an online account at one of our websites , you may be able to log on and update or change your contact or account information .
Check the site for further information .
You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates or newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message .
If you do not wish to have your personal information shared with third parties or with other entities in the Source corporate family , please click here .
You also may write to us directly if you wish to : ( a ) update or delete your contact information ; ( b ) ask that we not share your personal information with third parties ; or ( c ) request that we cease sending you promotional or other information via mail or e-mail .
Such written requests should be sent to Source Interlink Companies , Inc. , 27500 Riverview Center Blvd. , Bonita Springs , FL 34134 , attn : General Counsel .
In those instances , we will retain your information in a `` do not promote '' file in our database , and you will receive no further communications from us .
If you have opted out of receiving future e-mails from us , we will implement your opt-out request within 10 business days of receiving the opt-out request .
If you have opted out of receiving future promotional materials by regular mail , we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time .
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt important information , such as your credit card data , in an effort to prevent unauthorized access during transmission of your orders over the Internet .
We incorporate standard industry practices suitable to the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this policy .
Your personal information may also be protected by the password you created when you registered at one of our websites where this feature is offered .
The confidentiality of any password is yours to protect .
You may change it anytime by following the instructions at the website where you registered .
Although we use our best efforts to assure that your data remains secure when maintained by us , security during Internet transmissions or within any system can not be assured .
Source employees are made aware of its privacy practices through periodic communications and training .
We limit access to personal data only to those Source employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information .
We store data on multiple service systems , in controlled , secure environments .
Remember , however , that we can not guarantee the security of your personal information , and we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party .
Most of our publications and web sites are intended for adults .
Some web sites and publications , however , are intended for teens 13 and older but may include features or material that may be appealing to children under the age of 13 .
Source is strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Web sites .
We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 .
Many of our sites include chat rooms , bulletin boards and other features that we believe are unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored .
We encourage all parents to talk to their kids about online safety and to monitor their children 's use of the Internet .
THIRD PARTIES AND LINKS
In the event that you provide personal information to any third party via any Source web site or any offer made available to you by Source , you understand that Source is not responsible for such third parties ' use or misuse of your personal information .
You should review the privacy and information sharing practices of such third parties .
Additionally , Source may offer links to or from web sites it controls to other sites within the Source family as well as to sites operated by third parties .
We offer links to third party sites so that you can conveniently visit our vendors and advertisers or locate other content likely to be of interest .
We are not responsible for the content , practices or policies of sites operated by third parties and urge you to inquire about them before providing any personally-identifiable information .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Law SB 27 , California residents have the right to receive , once a year , information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year , and a description of the categories of personal information shared .
We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request .
VISITORS AND SUBSCRIBERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
All matters relating to these sites are governed by the laws of the State of New York in the United States .
Any information you provide in subscribing to one of our publications or registering or ordering at one of our web sites will be transferred to the United States .
By visiting our sites and submitting information , you authorize this transfer , processing and use .
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS ; CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using any of our sites and providing us with your information , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , you should not use or access any of our sites .
Additionally , this Privacy Policy incorporates all of the terms , conditions , and provisions of the Source Terms of Use , which are posted on our sites .
If you do not agree with the Source Terms of Use , you should not use or access any of our sites .
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment .
We recommend that you check the posted Privacy Policy when you visit any of our sites to be sure you are aware of and understand our current policy .
Your continued use of the respective site means you accept the updated Privacy Policy .
Please include the URL of the Web site and/or name of the publication involved in your request .
Or you can contact us by mail at :
Source Interlink Companies , Inc .
27500 Riverview Center Blvd .
Bonita Springs , FL 34134
Attn : General Counsel

Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites .
In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service .
The Policy describes :
The information we collect and how we collect it ;
What we do with the information we collect ;
Information sharing and disclosure ;
How you can access and update your information ;
How we protect information ;
Linked sites and advertisements ;
Users from outside the United States ;
How to contact us ;
Your California privacy rights ;
No rights of third parties ; and
Changes to this policy .
The information we collect and how we collect it .
How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use .
You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below .
We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :
Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ;
Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ;
Participate in voting or polling activities ;
Make a purchase ;
Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ;
Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ;
Download or use one of our mobile applications ;
Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or
Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services .
We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services .
When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process .
We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online .
Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
Cookies and other electronic technologies
When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to : ( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services .
We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) .
We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods .
We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information .
We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results .
In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services .
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies .
To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel .
Third party advertising and your choices
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services .
We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services .
We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties .
Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below .
You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser .
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website .
You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager .
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising .
When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements .
Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements .
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements .
For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator .
We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features .
For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements .
In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers .
If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this .
See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details .
What we do with the information we collect
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes :
For the purposes for which you provided it ;
To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ;
To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ;
To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ;
To administer sweepstakes and contests ;
To process and respond to your inquiries ;
To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ;
To attribute content that you make available through the Services ;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ;
To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ;
To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ;
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and
To administer and troubleshoot the Services .
The Services are supported by advertising revenue .
We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers .
Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications .
We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you .
Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose .
Information sharing and disclosure
We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below :
We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf .
When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices .
We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims .
We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship .
We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property .
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets .
How you can access and update your information
How we protect information
We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information .
Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable .
Linked sites and advertisements
The Services may contain links to third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites .
We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services .
When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers .
In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
Users from outside the United States
The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law .
If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy .
The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 .
We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services .
By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old .
Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services .
These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation .
Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services .
These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation .
How to contact us
Your California privacy rights
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties .
No rights of third parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
Changes to this policy
Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website .

Text-only version of this website
Parents , Visitors & Fans
Social Security Number Privacy
A Note to Children and Parents
The University of Florida Web sites are operated by the University of Florida and affiliated entities ( see definitions below ) .
In general , the Web sites are intended for use by adults , unless they are specifically labeled for children .
UF does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age of 13 that was not supplied to us voluntarily , we will delete that data from our systems .
See the section below labeled Children 's Online Activities and Programs for more specific information .
Children Some internet sites may ask you to share information about yourself .
Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to us or anyone else , be sure to ask your parents for permission .
Parents the University of Florida recommends that parents take an active role in their children 's use of the Internet .
We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet .
Here are some tips :
Teach children never to give Personal Information ( such as name , address , phone number , school name , etc . ) unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult .
Know the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate .
Look for website privacy policies and know how your child 's information is treated .
The University of Florida values individuals ' privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share information with us .
Your trust is important to us and we believe you have the right to know how information submitted through a university Web site is handled .
We provide the following privacy notice to define UF 's Web-based information policies and practices , and to assist you in protecting your privacy .
The following information explains the Internet privacy policy and practices the University has adopted for its official Web sites .
However , in legal terms , it shall not be construed as a contractual promise , and the University reserves the right to amend it at any time without notice .
Privacy and public records obligations of the University are governed by applicable Florida statutes and U.S. federal laws .
University Web space includes hundreds of sites with varying levels of University involvement and commitment as outlined below .
Official University Web Sites
Except as noted , the information in this privacy notice applies to all official University of Florida Web sites , which are defined as the Web pages of university colleges , schools , departments , divisions or other units and any other sites specifically designated as official by a vice president , dean , department head or director .
Official pages are generally recognizable by a standard page header and/or footer carrying the University logo , contact information and reference to this privacy statement .
Within the University of Florida domain signified by the address ufl.edu or within the range of Internet protocol addresses assigned to the University of Florida you may find Web sites over which the University has no editorial responsibility or control .
Such sites are considered unofficial and include , but are not limited to , the Web pages of individual faculty members or students and the Web pages of student organizations and other entities not formally a part of the University .
While UF encourages compliance with this Web Privacy Statement at such sites , in order to better understand the policies and practices under which they operate , please consult the privacy statements of individual sites or seek information directly from the persons responsible for those sites .
The Web Privacy Statement speaks generally to the information collected by or submitted to official University of Florida Web sites .
Still the amount and type of information collected may vary somewhat from site to site .
Therefore , in addition to this general explanation of policy and practice , the University encourages colleges , schools , departments , divisions and other units contributing to its official Web pages to post , as necessary , more specific approved privacy notices pertaining to the collection and use of any personal information associated exclusively with those pages .
Thus it is wise for users to read page-specific notices to better understand the privacy policies and practices applicable to a particular site .
The Information We Collect
When you access official UF Web pages , certain client information and essential and nonessential technical information ( collectively referred to as access information ) listed below is automatically collected .
No other information is collected through our official Web sites except when you deliberately send it to us ( for example , by clicking a link to send us an e-mail ) .
Examples of the information you might choose to send us are listed below as optional information .
Access Information ( automatically collected
Client information : the Internet domain and Internet address of the computer you are using .
Essential technical information : identification of the page or service you are requesting , type of browser and operating system you are using ; and the date and time of access .
Nonessential technical information : the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our Web site , and the cookie information used to direct and tailor information based on your entry path to the site .
Optional information ( deliberately sent
E-mail : your name , e-mail address , and the content of your e-mail .
Online forms : all the data you choose to fill in or confirm .
This may include credit or debit card information if you are ordering a product or making a payment , as well as information about other people if you are providing it for delivery purposes , etc .
See below for more specific information about children 's online activities .
The Way We Use Information
As a general rule , UF does not track individual visitor profiles .
We do , however , analyze aggregate traffic/access information for resource management and site planning purposes .
UF reserves the right to use log detail to investigate resource management or security concerns .
Client information is used to route the requested Web page to your computer for viewing .
In theory , the requested Web page and the routing information could be discerned by other entities involved in transmitting the requested page to you .
We do not control the privacy practices of those entities .
We may keep client information from our systems indefinitely after the Web page is transmitted , but we do not cross-reference it to the individuals who browse our Web site .
However , on rare occasions when a hacker attempts to breach computer security , logs of access information are retained to permit a security investigation .
In such cases the logs may be further analyzed or forwarded together with any other relevant information in our possession to law enforcement agencies .
Under the Florida Public Records Laws , certain records in our possession are subject to inspection by or disclosure to members of the public .
As indicated above , client information retained after transmission of the requested Web page will be available for inspection .
Essential and nonessential technical information lets us respond to your request in an appropriate format [ or in a personalized manner ] and helps us plan Web site improvements .
To expedite this process , some official University of Florida Web sites use cookies .
Usually a cookie enables the university Web site to tailor what you see according to the way you entered the site ( i.e. , if you entered by pushing a button identifying yourself as a student , your subsequent views of information might be tailored for student audiences ) .
We also use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site .
For example , we may determine that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Web site , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out a particular registration form .
But we do not disclose information that could identify those specific individuals .
Optional information enables us to provide services or information tailored more specifically to your needs , to forward your message or inquiry to another entity that is better able to do so , and to plan Web site improvements .
We use the information you provide about yourself or about someone else when placing a request for service only to complete that order or request .
We do not share this information with outside parties , except to the extent necessary to complete that order or request .
We generally use return e-mail addresses only to answer the e-mail we receive .
Such addresses are generally not used for any other purpose and by university and state policy are not shared with outside parties .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the purpose described without a clear notice on the particular site and without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
Public Records Notice : Providing Information is Your Choice
There is no legal requirement for you to provide any information at our Web site .
However , our Web site will not work without routing information and the essential technical information .
Failure of your browser to provide nonessential technical information will not prevent your use of our Web site but may prevent certain features from working .
For any optional information that is requested at the Web site , failure to provide the requested information will mean that the particular feature or service associated with that part of the Web page may not be available to you .
Special Note : S668.6076 , F.S . requires the University of Florida to post the following notice :
Under Florida law , email addresses are public records .
If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request , do not send electronic mail to the University .
Instead , contact the specific office or individual by phone or in writing .
Children 's Online Activities and Programs
Some UF Web sites present UF-sponsored information or activities that are specifically designed for children .
However , the Web sites are intended to be used only by adults to voluntarily share information online , so that a child who is under the age of 13 can participate in these activities ( e.g. , summer camps , classes , programs ) or so that the child can receive information mailed or e-mailed from UF ( newsletters , class schedules , recruitment information ) .
When a parent or legal guardian voluntarily signs their child up for one of these programs , the parent may be asked to provide :
The child 's full name
Full home mailing address
School , current grade level
Parent or legal guardian 's name and e-mail address
The parent or legal guardian supplying the child 's information will be asked to acknowledge that they are , in fact , the parent or guardian who is legally authorized to disclose this information about the child .
UF , through its Web sites , does not condition participation in any of our online activities on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
This information will not be transferred , disclosed or shared with a third party and will not be used for other purposes .
Parents or guardians have the right :
To review personal information that has been recorded by a UF Web site about their child ,
To refuse to allow further collection of the information ,
To be given the choice of consenting to the collection and internal use of information , but prohibiting the disclosure of that information to third parties ( unless disclosure is integral to the site or service , in which case , this will be clearly stated ) , and
To require the deletion of any information that has been recorded .
Contact information for UF is available below .
Contact information for specific Web sites is generally posted prominently on the site .
Our Commitment To Data Security
The University of Florida is dedicated to preventing unauthorized data access , maintaining data accuracy , and ensuring the appropriate use of information .
We strive to put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online .
These security practices are consistent with the policies of the university and with the laws and regulatory practices of the State of Florida .
How To Contact Us
If you wish to review or change information gathered about you via an official University of Florida Web site but you do not know how , the Privacy Office will assist in locating the persons responsible for that site so that you may make your request directly to them .
2013 University of Florida , Gainesville , FL 32611 ; ( 352 ) 392-3261
Page Updated July 1 , 2013
This page uses Google Analytics ( Google Privacy Policy )

PR Newswire Privacy Policy
Effective April 18 , 2011
Welcome to our website , prnewswire.com .
PR Newswire Association LLC ( PR Newswire or we ) is the global leader in news and information distribution services for professional communicators .
This privacy policy explains how we collect , use , and protect information about you , an individual person , as you
access restricted areas available only to members or journalists , including :
o eWatch or PR Newswire Media Monitoring services ,
Download a multimedia press release using the PR Newswire ARC videoplayer .
Certain services and pages listed above may be available via mobile app .
This privacy policy governs the collection and use of data about you and your use of any PRN mobile app .
We may provide additional notice and choice options within the app itself .
This policy does not , however , cover the websites for Virtual Press Office ( VPO ) , Notilog , Hispanic PR Wire , Hispanic Digital Network , or the websites listed under Global Sites on the top right hand side of the prnewswire.com home page .
News and journalism are public activities .
Your name , business contact details , and professional interests and affiliations may already be publicly available , particularly if you are a journalist , a recognized expert , or a PR professional .
We have created this privacy policy because we recognize that even in a business context you may have a need and expectation that your identity and interests be kept anonymous or private in certain circumstances .
We want to be clear about when and how we protect that expectation .
Information We Collect About You
You may visit a number of pages throughout the website without registration .
We collect the information you , or the member company you represent , give us :
When you register .
When a member company authorizes you to manage its account or use our web-based services on its behalf .
On occasion , for example , for the experts listed in ProfNet , we may combine data collected from other sources and add it to the information you or the member company has provided .
We may also compile your contact data from other sources to contact you if we think you or the company you represent would be interested in our products and services .
When you order services .
When you contact us with questions or comments .
Automatic Data Collection Technologies .
A cookie is a small file of information which is placed on your browser .
That cookie then communicates with servers , ours or those of other companies that we authorize to collect data for us , and allows recognition of your personal computer .
We associate a cookie with information that identifies you as an individual if you use the automatic recognition capabilities on restricted areas , order a service , use the personalization services available as part of prnewswire.com , or ask us to contact you with additional marketing information .
We also include cookies in our ARC videoplayer to count the number of unique viewers who see a customer 's video press release and to provide aggregate reporting .
The cookies do not identify you as an individual or track your online behavior .
Our log servers collect standard web information about visits and system capabilities as you access and use the web pages covered by this policy .
We may use the resulting information in ways described below .
How We Use Information About You
How we use information about you depends upon the capacity in which you visit our sites .
For example , if you simply visit our pages for news and do not register , we will not know who you are and will not collect information that identifies you .
But if you are using the member-only areas to represent a member company or to order a service , we may note how the service is being used .
We may use the information about you in any of the following ways :
To provide the services you or the member company you represent requests .
To provide information you request .
To evaluate and improve our websites and services .
To contact you directly about your use of an account or service for which you are registered .
To let you know about offerings , from us or from third parties , that may be of interest to you .
To create reports for member companies and customers that may include both aggregate trends and the media organizations that are viewing their releases .
To protect the integrity of our services and secured areas of our sites .
For any other purpose we tell you about when you submit information to us .
You may disable or block any cookies by using the tools available in your browser .
If you are registering for or requesting a service , you may choose whether to activate automatic recognition when you register , or after registration , you may disable the persistent cookie that supports recognition using the tools in your browser .
If you choose to disable the cookies that support automatic recognition , you will need to re-enter your user ID and password each time you access a gated portion of the website .
Third party cookies and ad servers .
We may ask or authorize third parties to serve cookies on our web sites or pages and include web beacons in email marketing campaigns .
These cookies and web beacons may be used to track your responses and your interests in our content , offerings and web pages .
You may use the controls in your browser to disable the tracking functions or these cookie-based technologies .
You may choose not to receive marketing emails from us by following the directions at the bottom of the marketing emails we send you .
Journalists and others who use ProfNet Expertssm may choose not to disclose their identity when in direct communication with experts and company information officers by following the directions on that website to `` cloak '' their identity .
We value the accuracy of the information we have about you .
Journalists , registered users , customers , experts and resources may update their information at any time by following directions available on the registration page for the particular service .
Disclosure to Third Parties
We reserve the right to disclose your name and information about you
to investigate potential unauthorized access or misuse of our services ,
to protect our assets or rights ,
to the member company you represent if that company requests us to do so ,
in response to valid legal process , or
as part of a merger or an acquisition by or other transfer to a third party of some or all of our business assets .
Our services are directed to media and public relations professions .
Our website and services are not intended for children 12 or under .
PR Newswire uses reasonable administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect personal information against theft , loss , or misuse .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , PR Newswire can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
You remain responsible for protecting your user name and passwords and for the security of information in transit to us over the Internet .
Changes to This Policy
We may change the provisions of this policy from time to time and urge you to check back here periodically .
Your continued use of any of the websites or pages within the scope of this policy will be your acceptance of the version of the policy in place at the time of your visit .
PR Newswire Association LLC
New York , New York 10014

When you register with the site , you will be asked to provide certain personal information , including your email address .
We will store your personal information , but will not share it with any third parties , except as necessary to provide the services offered , to monitor usage , and to improve the service .
For example , we may store your personal information along with your files and data on a third party server such as Amazon Web Services ; or we may use a third party analytics tool like Google Analytics to learn how you are using our services , and how we can improve that experience .
We also use your personal information to send you notifications about the service and to respond to customer support requests .
We will never share your personal information with advertisers or send you promotions for unrelated services .
You can cancel your account by logging in to your account settings page .
We may be required to disclose your personal information in order to :
comply with the law or legal process ;
protect or defend our rights or property , or the rights or property of others ;
enforce these terms ; or
respond to claims that the content of any material on our system violates the rights of others .
If we must disclose your personal information in order to comply with the law or legal process , we will inform you ( at the email address you provide ) as soon as practicable , provided that it is lawful for us to do so .
We will also aggregate user information and perform statistical analyses of the collective behavior of our members and visitors , to measure overall demographics , and to analyze how to improve our service .
We may share this information with third parties ( such as Google Analytics ) , but such aggregate information does not contain personal information other than IP addresses .
In addition , we may compile and disclose aggregate information about our users for promotional or other purposes .
For example , we might want to disclose that a certain percentage of our users are located within a particular geographic area or log on most frequently in the mornings .
We use session and login cookies , which help us keep track of when a person is logged in and which services people use .
We will also capture login timestamps , and usage statistics , as well as IP addresses .
We will communicate with you via email , to the email address you provide to us .
Some communications , such as emails informing you of new features , may be unsubscribed to via the unsubscribe link in the email .
If you would like to cease all communications from us , please contact us via the email address provided in the Contact section below .
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Colorado , without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions .
You agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising out of your use of the site in the courts located within Denver County , and you also agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of those courts .
You agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of your use of the site or these terms must be filed within 90 days after such claim or cause of action arose or it shall be forever barred , notwithstanding any statute of limitations or other law to the contrary .
If any provision contained in these terms is determined unenforceable , then such provision will be severed and replaced with a new provision that most closely reflects the intent of the original provision , and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect .
No waiver of any provision of these terms shall be effective except pursuant to a written instrument signed by us expressly waiving compliance , and any such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose stated in such writing .
You agree that no joint venture , partnership , employment , or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of these terms and/or your use of the site .
You may not assign any right , interest , or benefit provided under these terms or through the site without our express prior written consent .
These terms set forth the entire agreement between you and us , and supersede any and all prior communications , agreements and proposals , whether electronic , oral or written , between you and us with respect to the site and our services .
A printed version of these terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and/or your use of the site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form .

This privacy policy sets out how Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware uses and protects any information that you give Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware when you use this website .
Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected .
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website , then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement .
Butterfly Labs - Bitcoin Mining Hardware may change this policy from time to time by updating this page .
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes .
We may collect the following information :
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode , preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section .
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service , and in particular for the following reasons :
Internal record keeping .
We may use the information to improve our products and services .
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products , special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided .
From time to time , we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes .
We may contact you by email , phone , fax or mail .
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests .
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure .
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure , we have put in place suitable physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer 's hard drive .
Once you agree , the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site .
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual .
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs , likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences .
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used .
This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs .
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system .
Overall , cookies help us provide you with a better website , by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not .
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you , other than the data you choose to share with us .
You can choose to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website .
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest .
However , once you have used these links to leave our site , you should note that we do not have any control over that other website .
Therefore , we can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement .
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question .
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways :
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website , look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
We will not sell , distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so .
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen .
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
A small fee will be payable .
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 10770 El Monte Leawood , KS 66211 United States of America .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete , please write to or email us as soon as possible , at the above address .
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect .
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store .
COOKIE NAME COOKIE DESCRIPTION
CART The association with your shopping cart .
CATEGORY_INFO Stores the category info on the page , that allows to display pages more quickly .
COMPARE The items that you have in the Compare Products list .
CURRENCY Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER An encrypted version of your customer id with the store .
CUSTOMER_AUTH An indicator if you are currently logged into the store .
CUSTOMER_INFO An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to .
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE A flag , which indicates whether caching is disabled or not .
FRONTEND You sesssion ID on the server .
GUEST-VIEW Allows guests to edit their orders .
LAST_CATEGORY The last category you visited .
LAST_PRODUCT The most recent product you have viewed .
NEWMESSAGE Indicates whether a new message has been received .
NO_CACHE Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache .
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site .
POLL The ID of any polls you have recently voted in .
POLLN Information on what polls you have voted on .
RECENTLYCOMPARED The items that you have recently compared .
STF Information on products you have emailed to friends .
STORE The store view or language you have selected .
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies .
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS The products that you have recently viewed .
WISHLIST An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist .
WISHLIST_CNT The number of items in your Wishlist .

Football Talk , LLC
333 East Main Street
Clarksburg , WV 26301
Information Football Talk LLC Gathers or Tracks
Information on general usage and any personal details you provide FOOTBALL TALK LLC will be used to provide you with enhanced features such as customized content , access to our bulletin boards , web logs ( blogs ) and participation in chats .
The following are details of the information FOOTBALL TALK LLC collects :
At some Football Talk LLC sites you can purchase products , enter contests or sweepstakes , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as email newsletters and/or participate in our online communities .
In order for you to participate in these activities Football Talk LLC may request and collect certain information and data from you such as name , age , gender , address , email address , zip code , telephone number , credit card information and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs and services .
By providing contact information , you will be eligible to acquire user ID 's and passwords that will allow you to play the fantasy games and to participate in the Football Talk LLC community .
Other People 's Information .
At some Football Talk LLC sites , you will have the ability to submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's email address to challenge them to a fantasy game or their name and address to send a gift subscription .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people may include : name , address and email address .
This information is not stored by Football Talk LLC and is not used for any purpose other than for the purpose that the information is collected .
In the course of using the Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may assign random numbers to you for the purpose of anonymously tracking site usage .
Information tracked includes , but is not limited to , the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , which URL you go to next ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , what browser you are using , and your IP address .
Many sites automatically collect this information .
This information is used for purposes of system administration , diagnostics , site tracking and reporting of aggregate usage information to third parties such as our advertisers and content partners or for research purposes .
Football Talk LLC does not link information automatically collected to information identifying visitors individually .
Football Talk LLC may employ cookies to recognize visitors and their privileges in order to provide visitors with user specific information , as well as to track site usage .
Cookies can also help provide information that is targeted to visitors ' interests .
Cookies are stored on your browser , not on the Football Talk LLC site .
You are free to decline Football Talk LLC cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session .
Also , visitors who do not accept cookies may not be able to access certain portions of the Football Talk LLC site .
Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are not tied to personally identifiable information and do not contain personally identifiable information about a visitor , and FOOTBALL TALK LLC does not use cookies to obtain such information .
Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are session cookies , meaning that they can be automatically deleted at the end of a session ( technically when the user quits the browser ) .
Advertisers and Sponsors .
Football Talk LLC sponsors and advertisers may use cookies within their advertisements or promotions .
Football Talk LLC will likely not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
Visitors who want any information about these cookies should contact the sponsors and advertisers directly .
Once you click on a sponsor link or advertisement and leave the Football Talk LLC sites our privacy policy no longer applies .
You must read the privacy policy of the individual advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site .
There may be times when we use third-party advertising companies ( the Companies ) to serve ads when you visit our site .
These Companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In addition , we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with this these Companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements , for market research analysis on our site and other sites and for tracking a specific activity on our site relating to the marketing efforts of an advertiser .
For these purposes , the Companies may note some of the pages you visit on our site as well as some of the activities you undertake through the use of Web Beacons and pixel tags ( also called clear gifs ) .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , the Companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer .
As is always the case , information collected and used by these Companies will not be tied to a user 's personal information and will only be used in the aggregate .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt-out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies .
This site will also allow you to review the third party advertising companies .
What Football Talk LLC Does With the Information
Football Talk LLC asks for information in connection with registration , promotions , email updates , and prizes .
Football Talk LLC may use this information to tailor online presentations , facilitate navigation throughout sites operated by Football Talk LLC , provide personalized services and promotions , or offer products and services that Football Talk LLC believes might be of use or interest to you , and to communicate separately with you .
This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information ( such as demographic information and past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources .
This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and may also be used to bring you offers of interest .
We do not sell information about our visitors .
Football Talk LLC will not transfer your personal information to another party for that party 's exclusive use apart from the use of the information by Football Talk LLC .
However , if we believe there is value to our members , we will send messages or promotions to you on behalf of another company .
In these instances , we do not transfer your name to the third party we send the mailing for them .
In all instances we only send mailings if you 've given your permission .
These promotions may include physical mailings as well , but in a similar fashion will be sent by Football Talk LLC and only if you 've given your permission .
We may transfer your personal information to companies that we hire that deliver products and services ( shipping companies , fulfillment companies and email management companies ) , companies that operate sweepstakes and promotions on our behalf and sponsors from whom you have ordered or requested products .
These companies will not have the ability to use the information for their own purposes but will merely use it to fulfill on our behalf .
Visitors who register for fantasy games through other parties ( e.g. , through co-branded games ) may have some or all of their profile information ( name , email address , etc . ) shared with those parties , but only if you consent ( opt-in/opt-out ) to having your contact information shared with those parties so that they can contact you directly .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those other parties .
Football Talk LLC will aggregate reports for advertisers .
For example , Football Talk LLC may tell advertisers how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally , how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of the Football Talk LLC sites .
Where available , Football Talk LLC may offer additional aggregate information about viewer characteristics .
However , this will not include personally identifiable information about you or your usage patterns .
Our advertisers allow us to provide their products and services to visitors , and in return , they will need to know how to effectively place their ads in order to attract potential customers .
Information Not Released .
Surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results .
Contests may require contact information or other demographic/ personal information in order to determine eligibility .
This information will not be released to third parties without your consent .
Additionally , usage information may be analyzed so that FOOTBALL TALK LLC can judge its system 's performance or execute visitors ' customized features .
Who Can Use Information and How
Football Talk LLC has comments and blogs available to visitors and may incorporate additional forums in the future .
Please be aware that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in any of these public forums .
Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums .
Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums .
Any personal information , including your email address , voluntarily disclosed by you and posted on a Football Talk LLC site can be viewed and used by others .
If you post personal information that is accessible to the public online you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
If you send Football Talk LLC personal correspondence , such as e-mails or letters , or if other visitors or third parties send Football Talk LLC correspondence about your activities or postings on a Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may collect such information into a file .
No such information will be released to third parties without your consent .
Any information or material disclosed or provided by you in personal correspondence to Football Talk LLC or in any survey conducted by Football Talk LLC will not be used by Football Talk LLC for advertising or marketing purposes without your consent but may be used for editorial purposes .
There will be times when you are shopping on Football Talk LLC , that you are directed to a third party domain where your information is collected .
This information is not shared with Football Talk LLC unless specifically stated at that third party domain .
In all cases the information is collected subject to the privacy policy of the third party .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites .
Distribution and Display .
Football Talk LLC will not make contact information available to the general public in any form without the consent of the visitor identified .
This does not prevent or restrict FOOTBALL TALK LLC from ( i ) distributing information that is already publicly available , including but not limited to information available in public telephone directories , classified ads , newspaper reports , publications , and the like , ( ii ) providing information as required by law , court order , or other valid legal process or ( iii ) displaying information in an online bulletin board , chat room , news group , or other public forum , where the information being displayed was placed there by a visitor or other third party .
News and Information .
Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer visitors access to co-branded news and other information on the Football Talk LLC site .
There is no collection of contact or other personal information in connection with the provision of such information .
Football Talk LLC may contain links to other third-party web sites , including affiliate and e-commerce partners , sweepstakes providers and sponsors .
When you register with third party web sites through FOOTBALL TALK LLC , there are instances where information is collected by the third party , and is not shared with Football Talk LLC .
In these cases , information provided is subject to the privacy policy of the third party .
Such third parties may use information to send promotional items to or otherwise communicate with you and/or may share information with additional parties .
Your ability to opt out of having this information used for such purposes is dependent upon the third party 's privacy policy .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites .
Co-branded Fantasy Games .
Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer the third parties ' visitors access to a co-branded fantasy game .
In such cases , the game is co-branded with logos and/or content from that third party .
Some or all of the profile information ( name , email address , etc . ) provided to Football Talk LLC by visitors who register from a third party 's web site may be made available to that third party subject to the preferences of each user ( opt-in/opt-out decision ) .
In some cases , the third party may have a limited contractual right with Football Talk LLC to communicate with visitors .
Your ability to opt out of receiving communications ( email or otherwise ) from Football Talk LLC and the third party depends on the Football Talk LLC privacy policy and the third party 's privacy policy , respectively .
Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties .
User Created Content .
Please be aware that all content that you create ( User Content ) that is posted on message boards , polls , blogs or other community oriented areas ( Community Areas ) is provided for entertainment purposes and that Football Talk LLC may , in its sole discretion , choose to remove any such content from Community Areas if we believe that the content is inappropriate for public display .
Our goal is to avoid abuse of these Community Areas in order to create an enjoyable and entertaining user experience .
Football Talk LLC can not ensure that parties who have access to the publicly available information in these Community Areas will respect your privacy so please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in these areas .
Football Talk LLC is also not responsible for the content or business practices of web sites that are linked from these Community Areas by our visitors so please keep this in mind before clicking on any links .
Football Talk LLC Rights to User Content .
Football Talk LLC does not claim ownership of User Content .
However , you hereby grant Football Talk LLC a world-wide , royalty-free , non-exclusive , perpetual , irrevocable , and fully sub-licensable right and license to use , reproduce , modify , adapt , publish , translate , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , and display your User Content and to incorporate User Content in other works in any form , media , or technology now known or later developed .
Upon registration , Football Talk LLC provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications ( updates , information and promotions ) from Football Talk LLC and its partners .
In addition , if you do not decide to opt-out during registration , you can remove yourself from either mailing list by following the unsubscribe instructions given at the bottom of all e-mail received from Football Talk LLC .
You may also change your opt-out preferences at any time by following the instructions located in Paragraph I of this Policy Updating Personal Information .
By registering for a specific Football Talk LLC service ( newsletters , premium content , fantasy games , etc . ) you are consenting to receive email relating to that service and will not have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications .
If once you receive a mailing you do not wish to receive future mailings , you may unsubscribe .
Disclosure of Personal Information
Football Talk LLC sites may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on Football Talk LLC , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Football Talk LLC or the visitors of Football Talk LLC , or ( c ) protect the personal safety of visitors of Football Talk LLC or the public .
In addition , notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy , in the event that Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity , personal information that users have provided at any point in time to Football Talk LLC may be released or transferred to the new business entity as one of the transferred assets .
Further , personal user information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with any Football Talk LLC offer to merge or sell substantially all of Football Talk LLC assets .
If Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity Football Talk LLC will provide notice of such a transaction on the Football Talk LLC web sites and via email .
All information gathered on the Football Talk LLC site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only .
Football Talk LLC uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information , including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers .
Football Talk LLC treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company .
Your Football Talk LLC profile is password-protected so that you are the only member who has access to this information .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
To ensure that you 've logged out of your account , please remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information , especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place .
FOOTBALL TALK LLC believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children .
Football Talk LLC does not willingly or knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to register to become a member of the Football Talk LLC community .
In order to register at Football Talk LLC and become a member , visitors must first certify that they are at least 13 years old and have read and accepted the Football Talk LLC privacy guidelines as well as rules and regulations pertaining to fantasy games and contests .

Rap Genius PRIVACY POLICY
Rap Genius ( `` Rap Genius , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you or associated with you ( `` personal information '' ) is collected , used and disclosed by Genius Media Group , Inc. and its affiliates , which own and operate Rap Genius services ( `` Rap Genius , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
This Policy applies to the online services offered by Rap Genius at rapgenius.com ( the `` Website '' or `` Our Service '' ) .
For more information about our service , please visit our About Rap Genius page .
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The categories of information we collect can include :
You can browse our site without providing personal information , but you must create an account in order to access some of the features of our site .
When you create an account , we may collect personal information , such as your email address , user name and password and date of birth .
If you take part in any interactive features of the Services ( such as any contests , games , promotions , quizzes , surveys , research or other services or features ) , we may collect additional types of personal information .
We may also collect information from you if you correspond with us directly .
Profile Information and User Content.After you set up your account , Rap Genius members may also chose to provide additional information which may be shared through public profiles , such as your user name , a picture to represent yourself ( which may or may not be a photo of you ) , and a personal narrative .
You control how much personally identifying information you wish to provide in your public profile .
We may collect User Content you provide on the Website and we may display it publicly on your user Profile .
For example , your profile page may display information about the pages , artists , or works upon which you have commented .
Such information may include `` favorites '' such as artists , songs and lines .
Other users can post to a wall in this profile , where the public can view references to your comments you have made on the Website .
If you chose to connect your social media account to your profile , we may also display information from your social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Information we may receive from social network sites : When you interact with our site through various social media , such as when you login with or link to your social media account , `` Like '' us on Facebook or share through another social media site , we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information , profile picture , gender , user name , user ID associated with your social media account , age range , language , country , friends list , and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties .
The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network .
You should always review , and if necessary , adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service .
We use this information to operate , maintain , and provide our features and services on the website , populate your profile , and communicate with you directly , such as by responding to a request or by providing updates on your Rap IQ or lyrics you have previously commented upon .
You can control your receipt of email messages by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' button at the bottom of email communications you receive from us .
We may also send you Service-related emails ( e.g. , account verification , change or updates to features of the Service , or technical and security notices ) .
You may not opt-out of Service-related e-mails .
For more information about your communication preferences , see `` Your Choices Regarding Your Information '' below .
Information Automatically Collected .
We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service .
When you visit the Service , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site .
A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service ( e.g. , the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on the Service ) , and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time .
We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service .
Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , browser type , identity of your internet service provider , information about your mobile device , referring / exit pages and URLs , the number and duration of page views , number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service , domain names , landing pages , and other such information .
When you access our site through a mobile device , we may receive or collect and store a unique identification number associated with your device and other device information .
We may also employ clear gifs ( also known as web beacons ) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients .
The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service .
We may also collect analytics data , or use third-party analytics tools , to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service .
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device , including the pages you visit , your use of third party applications , and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service .
We use or may use the data collected through cookies , log file , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site ; ( b ) customize your user experience ; ( c ) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors , traffic , usage , and demographic patterns on our website and our Service ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems ; and ( f ) otherwise to plan for , improve and enhance our service .
We may associate information we automatically collect with your other information .
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information in the instances described below .
For further information on your choices regarding your information , see the `` Your Choices Regarding Your Information '' section below .
Remember , our Services allow you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals .
Your profile information , including your user name , photo , and personal narrative , and comments you make on the Website , will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default and may be searchable by search engines which may display your information publicly .
Similarly , your name and photo will be displayed alongside any comments you make on the Website and may be displayed on our homepage alongside your Rap IQ if you make The Weekly Rap IQ Leaderboard , on our Contributors list , or in connection with your comments and reactions to our blog and to other contributors .
By using the Service , you consent to have your profile information displayed publicly .
We may also share your personal information with :
Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Genius Media Group. , Inc. , which also includes our subsidiaries ( i.e. , any organization we own or control ) or our ultimate holding company ( i.e. , any organization that owns or controls us ) and any subsidiaries it owns .
These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy ;
Third party vendors , consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf , in order to carry out their work for us , which may include providing cloud storage or hosting services , marketing assistance , email delivery , content or service fulfillment , or providing analytics services .
We share personal information with these third parties as needed to perform services for us and under reasonable confidentiality terms ;
Our business partners who offer a service to you jointly with us , for example , when running a co-sponsored contest or promotion ;
Third parties who we think may offer you products or services you may enjoy .
As of November 2013 , Rap Genius does not share your personal information with third parties for advertising purposes , however we reserve the right to share your personal information , such as email address and user name , with third parties for their marketing purposes in the future if we determine that there may be additional products or services which may be of interest to you .
See `` Your Choices '' below for details on how to opt-out of this sharing ;
Third parties at your request .
For example , you may have the option to share your activities on our Services with your friends through social media ;
Other parties in connection with any company transaction , such as a merger , sale of company assets or shares , reorganization , financing , change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings ; and
Third parties as required to ( i ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , subpoena/court order , legal process or other government request , ( ii ) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement , including the investigation of potential violations thereof , ( iii ) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations , ( iv ) protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Rap Genius , its users or the public as required or permitted by law and ( v ) detect , prevent or otherwise address criminal ( including fraud or stalking ) , security or technical issues .
We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual .
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Marketing Communications.If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us , you can click the `` unsubscribe '' button on promotional email communications .
Note that you will not be able to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account , such as account verification , password reminders , changes or updates to features of the Service , or technical and security notices .
As of November 2013 , Rap Genius does not share your personal information with third parties for advertising purposes , however we reserve the right to share your personal information , such as email address and user name , with third parties for their marketing purposes in the future if we determine that there may be additional products or services which may be of interest to you .
We will not send you an individualized notification that this policy is being updated if we elect to share information with a partner in this manner , so you must opt-out now .
As of November , 2013 , Rap Genius does not engage in online behavioral advertising and does not allow third parties to track your activities on our website over time and across other websites .
In the future , we may share certain tracking information with online advertising networks so that they may display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or apps .
Typically , the information we would share in this regard is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies .
The only way to completely `` opt out '' of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device .
Please refer to your browser 's or mobile device 's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies , and other tracking/recording tools .
Depending on your mobile device , you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings .
Do Not Track .
At this time , we do not collect information from you for behavioral advertising purposes , though we may collect persistent identifiers from your browser or mobile device to assist us with providing and improving the Service .
Because we collect browsing and persistent identifier data only for analytic and internal purposes , your selection of the `` Do Not Track '' option provided by your mobile browser will not have any effect on our collection of analytics information or the collection of a persistent identifier .
Because of the crowd-sourced and collaborative nature of our service , however , we will not be able to delete content you post to public areas of our site .
We may be able to anonymize your information such that you will no longer be reasonably identifiable .
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Rap Genius cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical , administrative , and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers .
Because of the nature of our website , WE DO NOT CURRENTLY ENCRYPT ANY TRANSMISSIONS TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE IN ANY MANNER .
IF YOU ARE UNCOMFORTABLE WITH THE UNENCRYPTED TRANSMISSION OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION DESCRIBED HEREIN , PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT INFORMATION TO US THROUGH THE WEBSITE .
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches , no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we can not guarantee that unauthorized access , hacking , data loss or other breach will never occur .
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security , we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate , notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps , in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations .
This Website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from children under 13 , we will delete or anonymize such information .
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Services may , from time to time , contain links to and from third party websites of our partner networks , advertisers , partner merchants , retailers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies .
Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites .
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time .
If we make any changes to this Policy , we will change the `` Last Revision '' date below and will post the updated Policy on this page .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As of November 2013 , Rap Genius does not share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes , but reserve the right to do so in the future .
Under California law , Rap Genius users who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please write to us at the following address :
In the United States :
Genius Media Group , Inc .
184 Kent Ave. , # C702
Brooklyn , NY 11249
Genius Media Group , Inc .
184 Kent Ave. , # C702
Brooklyn , NY 11249
This Policy was last revised on , and effective as of , November 26 , 2013

What is RhymeZone ?
RhymeZone is a website that aims to be the best and fastest way to find English words .
It has been in continuous operation since 1996 .
What can I do with RhymeZone ?
You can use it to help write poetry , song lyrics , greeting cards , term papers , and more .
You can use it to explore relationships between words .
You can use it to find the correct spelling of a word you 're not quite sure of .
You can use it as a springboard for finding pictures , documents , and other multimedia items related to a particular concept that you 're writing about .
Finally , you can use it to see how your word is used in the context of famous quotes , poems , and plays .
To use RhymeZone , type a word into the box above , select a function in the dropdown list next to the box , and then hit `` Go get it ! '' to view the results .
Here are the different functions that you can select from that dropdown list :
Find rhymes : This function will return words that exactly rhyme with the word you typed in .
Find near rhymes : This function will return words that almost rhyme with the word you typed in .
Find synonyms : This function will return words that are the same or similar in meaning to the word you typed in .
Find anonyms : This function will return words that can mean the opposite of what you typed in .
Find definition : This function will search for definitions of the word you typed in .
It will also allow you to submit your query to other online dictionaries on the Web .
Find homophones : This function will return words that have exactly the same pronunciation as what you typed in but are spelled differently .
Find similar sounding words : This function will return words that have a pronunciation that 's similar , but not necessarily the same , as what you typed in .
Match consonants : This option will return words that have the same pattern of consonant sounds .
Phonetic , for example , will return fanatic .
Find related words : This option will return words that are related in some important way to what you typed in .
Find similar spellings : This option will return words in the dictionary that are spelled similarly to what you typed in .
Use this feature to spell-check a word that you are n't sure of .
Match these letters : This option will return words and phrases that contain the letters you type in .
Search for pictures : This function will search for kids-friendly pictures on the Web related to the word you typed in .
Search in Shakespeare : This function will search all of Shakespeare 's plays and poems for your word .
Linking to RhymeZone and accessing it from your browser 's toolbar
You can install this magical link in your browser -- Search RhymeZone -- to make it easier for you to access RhymeZone .
To install the link , simply click and hold the hyperlinked phrase `` Search RhymeZone '' , above , and drag it up to your browser 's bar of links .
Alternatively you can right-click on the link and select `` Add to Favorites '' .
To use it on your own Web page , view the source of this Web page and copy the link to your own page .
You can link to this site , or include the forms on your own Web site , for any reason whatsoever .
Read what others have said about RhymeZone , and feel free to include the graphic on that page on your own Web pages .
Each query you submit , including your hostname and the options you select , is logged in a file .
This file is used solely to collect aggregate access statistics to enhance the service , and no individually identifying information is collected or exposed .
The aggregated data is never shared with any party other than those affiliated with the development of RhymeZone .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit RhymeZone .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Who contributed to RhymeZone
Doug Beeferman implemented RhymeZone in January 1996 ( it was called the Semantic Rhyming Dictionary until April 2000 . )
The pronunciation data that RhymeZone uses is derived in part from the CMU Pronouncing Dictionary .
The semantic data that RhymeZone uses ( synonyms , related words , and definitions ) is derived in part from WordNet .
( License info here . )
The logo was designed by 2wongs Design Studio .
The corpus of witty quotations is derived in part from data licensed from Starling Technologies .
Check out their great quotations search engine !
The frequency information that appears in the definitions of common names is derived from the U.S. Census Bureau 's study of frequently occurring first names and surnames from the 1990 Census .
Other public domain works on this site , such as Shakespeare and the American history documents , were originally drawn from Project Gutenberg , a great repository of public domain electronic texts .
The clip art that appears on this site from time to time was purchased from ArtToday.com .
Doug Rohde wrote the Boxcar Blockade applet .
It 's based on a game by Binary Arts .
How can I find out more
You can submit comments or questions through this feedback form .

When you use RT websites and applications , various types of personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you may become available or be purposefully collected by RT and third parties that provide site usage statistics services to us .
RT is committed to keeping such data confidential and does not seek to gather any personal information aside from that which allows us to provide you with a quality service , analyze the readability of our own content and functionality of our web and mobile products .
What information we collect
Your email address , as well as other information about yourself ( e.g . user name , name , place of residence , phone number ) you are either required to fill in or choose to disclose to us if you decide to register at RT.COM or contact us using our Feedback form
Information acquired using cookies stored on your computer or device that allow us to recognize you when you return to an RT website ( You can use your browser settings to change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies )
Any information about yourself you choose to make public when commenting on an RT website
Your list of favorite stories in the event you choose to establish one in your RT profile
Any information about yourself that you choose to disclose through an email sent to us
Personal information that becomes available to us when you access our content or use our applications through third-party websites and platforms ( e.g . social networks )
Your IP address , as well as information about your browser , type of operating system , type of handheld or mobile device you are using to access RT websites and applications
Non-personally identifiable data collected by third parties gathering user-behavior statistics on RT websites for us , which includes information about the location from which our websites are accessed and information about the content viewed .
RT websites and applications may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and controlled by third parties .
Please be advised that RT is not responsible or liable for the privacy policies of such web sources .
How we may use personal information
To provide you our online content
To personalize your RT experience
To receive feedback from you and respond to it
To contact you about anything you may submit to RT
To analyze user behavior in order to improve our web and mobile products
To block attempts to disrupt the work of our websites and applications
To prevent violations of RT comment posting rules
Sharing of personal information
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by the laws of the Russian Federation .
RT may share personal data in the following cases :
when transfer of personal data is effected upon consent of the owner of the data to have that personal data processed ;
when transfer of personal data is required for the administration of justice in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation ;
when transfer of personal data is required for RT or the third parties to exercise their legal rights and interests , or in order to achieve a significant public benefit conditional that it involves no violation to the rights and freedoms of the owner of personal data ;
in other cases defined by the laws of the Russian Federation .
RT strives to keep your personal information from being accessed by unauthorized third parties by using reasonable means to safeguard it .
However , as transfer of any kind of data over the internet is never 100 per cent secure , we can not give you any guarantees and urge you to be cautious when disclosing sensitive information .
RT may update this Privacy policy periodically .
We advise you to review this document from time to time .
If you have any comments or enquiries you are welcome to contact us using the Feedback form .

Blizzard Entertainment Online Privacy Policy
Validate TRUSTe privacy certification
Blizzard Entertainment and its affiliate companies ( collectively `` Blizzard '' ) respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for them .
We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us .
This Privacy Policy details how Blizzard safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors and does not apply to information that may be collected by Blizzard off-line .
Please note that when you link to other sites from a Blizzard website , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities on , those other sites .
Blizzard has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The scope of TRUSTe 's certification covers its North American websites us.blizzard.com and us.battle.net and their subdomains .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Blizzard Entertainment complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Blizzard Entertainment has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
If you are a visitor from outside the United States , the personal information you provide may be transferred to , stored , and processed within the United States or other countries where Blizzard maintains facilities or business operations .
What personal information is collected
Blizzard only collects personal information on a voluntary basis .
If an on-line visitor submits information to Blizzard , it will usually take the form of either : ( 1 ) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line stores , ( 2 ) product or account registration , or registration for on-line game participation , ( 3 ) player match-up services , ( 4 ) message boards or forums , ( 5 ) eCards or Recruit-a-Friend e-mails , ( 6 ) warranty registrations , ( 7 ) contest registrations , ( 8 ) a consumer complaint , ( 9 ) surveys , ( 10 ) customer service or technical support , and/or ( 11 ) newsletters .
Personal information collected may include your name , home address , phone number , and/or e-mail address .
We do not require this information to gain access to our sites , however , you will not be able to utilize certain products , services , or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided .
Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number , expiration date , and shipping and billing addresses .
Please note that , depending on the Blizzard site that you are visiting , many of the activities listed above may not be available and , as such , personal information may not be collected .
What other types of information may we collect
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other , non-personal information such as your age , date of birth , gender , and/or game and platform preferences ; and , combine such information with your personal information .
In addition , your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer ( capabilities , game data processing , etc . ) to Blizzard .
Blizzard may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners .
In addition , Blizzard may use such information for security , system integrity ( the prevention of hacking , cheats , etc . ) , or enforcement purposes .
From time to time , we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on Blizzard 's websites .
However , we will obtain the customer 's consent to post these testimonials prior to publication in accordance with the applicable Blizzard Terms of Use ( TOU ) .
How do we use your personal information
The personal information you provide Blizzard will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues ; to send eCards or Recruit-a-Friend emails ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers .
Blizzard may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Blizzard site with data from third parties in order to update your contact information , perform market analysis , or improve our products , services , or systems .
Blizzard may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you .
In such cases , we will notify you that the information will be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out .
Lastly , we may use your personal information for internal marketing , profiling , or demographic purposes , so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs .
We do this to better understand and serve our customers .
Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity ( e.g. , personal information contained in job applicant 's resume ) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any other practices stated in this Privacy Policy .
What type of communications may I receive
Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on products , services , special deals , and promotions .
Out of respect for your privacy , we present the option not to receive these types of communications .
Please see the Choice section below .
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes .
If you choose to use our recruit-a-friend or e-card features , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Blizzard does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and to track the success of our referral program .
Who is collecting your information
When you are asked for information while on a Blizzard site , you are sharing that information with Blizzard , its parent , and its various affiliates and sister companies , unless specifically stated otherwise .
As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from any of Blizzard 's affiliates .
In addition , some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies .
If your personal information is being collected by another company other than Blizzard , you will be notified at the time the information is collected .
If you do not want your information shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time .
Please be aware that we can not control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data , and as such we can not guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Blizzard .
Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our sites may collect personal information about you .
And remember , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities of , those other advertisers or websites .
With whom may your personal information be shared
Blizzard may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes , to process mailings , or to process , analyze , and/or store data on Blizzard 's behalf .
We will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your personal information for any other purpose , and that they have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us .
These service providers may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify , contact , or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for a Blizzard site or product , or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with Blizzard 's rights or property , other users of a Blizzard site or product , or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities .
As with any business , your personal information is also an asset of Blizzard and will become part of our normal business records .
As such , we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party , so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible .
Similarly , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , your personal information may be transferred to Blizzard 's successor or assign .
Blizzard sites may also have message boards , forums , and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another .
When posting to a message board , forum , or chat area , please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk .
For certain forums , anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their Real ID -- that is , their full first and last name -- with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character .
See discussion regarding Real ID below .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
What choices do I have regarding the collection , use , and distribution of my personal information
Blizzard allows you to control the way that we use personal identifying information that we might obtain .
At the time you provide personal information , Blizzard may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products , promotions , or services .
In addition , many of the `` mailings '' Blizzard may send you , such as newsletters , have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings .
Lastly , you may be given the opportunity to `` opt-out '' of certain features or functionality ( e.g . Real ID ) .
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law , our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , we do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without their approval .
If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from Blizzard ( via e-mail or postal mail ) about new products , services , or promotions , you can do so .
You may contact us at Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attn : Opt-Out Administrator , 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs .
Once a child states that his/her age is under 13 , we do not collect or store any personally identifiable information such as name , address , or email address .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information about young children .
We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when on-line .
Teenagers under the age of 17 and over the age of 12 should encourage their parents to review this policy and to contact us if they would like to evoke our opt-out policy or to raise any concerns .
What is Real ID
Real ID friends can see each other 's real-life name and can see each other 's characters across all Blizzard products and services .
By participating in Real ID , you will have the option of making your real name visible to your friend 's friends , who will also be able to invite you to become friends .
When you and a friend mutually agree to become Real ID friends , you will have access to a number of additional features , including the following :
Real Names for Friends : Your Real ID friends will appear under their real-life names on your friends list , when chatting , communicating in-game , or viewing a character 's profile .
Cross-Realm and Cross-Game Chat : With Real ID , friends can chat cross-realm , cross-faction , and cross-game using Blizzard 's products and services .
Rich Presence : You will see additional info on your friends list about what your Real ID friends are up to in Blizzard 's products and services in real time .
What are cookies and clear gifs and how are they used
Cookies are a feature of your Web browser that allows Web sites to transfer bits of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes .
A cookie stored on your computer can be used to `` remember '' things like your password , or that you have already registered .
This allows us to speed up your future activities , saving the time you would normally spend entering information such as your password or registration .
In addition , Blizzard may use cookies to retrieve user information for promotional , marketing , or security purposes .
Blizzard and our third-party tracking service also employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
These clear gifs are not tied to personally identifiable information .
Our third-party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate .
They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Web site .
We have no access or control of these third-party tracking utilities .
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
For this reason , these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information .
What are Internet protocol addresses
An Internet protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ( `` ISP '' ) .
Blizzard may track such IP addresses for system administration , to report aggregate information , site tracking , security purposes , or to prevent our servers from being abused .
What do I do if I want to correct or delete my personal information
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information , or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information , please contact Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention : Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
We will respond to any request for access within 30 days .
In some cases , we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account and applicable services .
How secure is my personal information
Blizzard has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form , i.e . free from any alteration .
As such , access to all personal information is strictly controlled .
When credit card information is transmitted , for example , we use industry standard , SSL ( secure sockets layer ) encryption .
In addition , we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information .
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services .
What if I have a question or complaint
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
By using this Website , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this site .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change .
Your continued use of the Blizzard website will signify your acceptance of these changes .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 25 , 2011

This website , avaaz.org ( along with all translated versions of which hereafter referred to as the Site ) is operated by Avaaz ( We or Us ) .
Avaaz is the operating name of the Avaaz Foundation , a non-profit organization incorporated in the State of Delaware .
Avaaz is committed to protecting your privacy online .
We 're members too , and we treat your privacy as we do our own .
We wrote this privacy policy to let you know how we treat your personal information and to show you all the ways we work hard to keep it safe and private .
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it .
By using or accessing our Website , you agree to this privacy policy .
This policy applies only to information collected through this website ( Avaaz.org ) and does not apply to information collected on any affiliated site or third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from this Website , nor does it apply to any offline contact between you and Avaaz .
This policy may change from time to time ( see Changes to the Privacy Policy ) and your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes , so please check the policy periodically for updates .
Avaaz will send you updates by e-mail .
In addition to the information you provide us , we collect certain additional information to help us improve our campaigns and to otherwise better serve our collective mission to close the gap between the world we have and the world most people everywhere want .
We collect and use the following information :
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or participating online in our campaigns .
This includes information provided at the time of registering as a member , signing petitions , sending messages through our site to campaign targets or others , or otherwise filling out forms on the Avaaz website .
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website .
Records and copies of your correspondence ( including e-mail addresses ) , if you contact us .
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes or to help direct our campaigns and activities , although you do not have to respond to them .
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website if you are one of our members who generously support Avaaz financially and the work we do together .
Certain information about usage of the Avaaz site , described below in the section on Data Tracking .
Where from the world you hail and whether you tell others about Avaaz campaigns .
We do not share the information you 've given us with unaffiliated groups without your explicit permission .
We may share some of your personal information with certain affiliated groups .
For example : Affiliated Third Parties and contractors such as our database administrators for the sole purpose of helping us do our work .
These groups do not share your personal information or use it for any purpose other than as instructed by us .
Third Party Administrators , such as organizations we engage to facilitate large distribution of messages .
The content of these emails will be from Avaaz and these third parties do not have direct access to your personally identifiable information .
In addition , with your explicit permission , we pass along certain of your information to the following groups ( as is standard practice ) :
World leaders , news publications and other targets when you choose to use our email tool to send them messages .
World leaders , news publications , and the general public when you sign petitions or complete surveys .
Further information about how we use personal information in connection with particular types of campaigns is discussed below .
For petitions and surveys you 've signed or completed , we treat your name , city , state , and comments as public informationfor example , we may provide compilations of petitions , with your comments , to world leaders and other targets , or to the press .
We will not make your street address publicly available , but we may transmit it to the designated target as part of a petition .
This is a standard industry practice in such situations .
In no such case will we disclose your email address or phone number , without your permission .
We may also make your comments , along with your first name , city and state available to the press and public online .
When you do give permission for us to share your email address as part of a campaign , Avaaz is not responsible for the content or use of your email address by campaign targets .
Sending Emails Via Avaaz
In certain cases , we enable you to send individual e-mails to world leaders or other targets as well as Letters-to-the-Editor to various news publications , through our website .
These messages are sent in your name , with your e-mail address as the return address and your full name and contact information is provided as part of the submission .
These messages will only be sent out under your name as you approve them on an individual basis using our email tool .
You are solely responsible for the specific message ( s ) you send using our email tool .
Avaaz takes no responsibility for the content or use of your email address by campaign targets .
If you choose to make a donation to Avaaz , your credit card information will be used only for this transaction through our secure online payment system .
Avaaz does not retain credit card information .
From time to time , the Avaaz staff members or Avaaz volunteers may contact you by telephone about urgent campaigns .
If you have provided your telephone number to us through our website then you may be contacted by one of our volunteers or staff members ( each of whom are bound by the terms of the Avaaz privacy policy and will not use your personal information for any other purpose ) .
Please allow 8-10 business days for your information to be removed .
Avaaz enables its members to develop and run their own campaigns on our member-initiated petition site .
Avaaz members run these campaigns under their own name and send them to friends , family and others to build a movement .
If these petitions demonstrate the ability to generate significant support , Avaaz may send the petition on behalf of the whole Avaaz community to larger segments of our membership .
When doing so , Avaaz may use the information the member who initiated the campaign has provided and may edit or modify it within our sole discretion .
While members will bear primary responsibility for delivering their petitions to the petition targets , Avaaz also may choose to deliver member-initiated petitions to their targets in some instances .
When people sign on to support Avaaz members ' campaigns , Avaaz collects the information those signers provide in order to send those new participants information about future campaigns and otherwise to further the Avaaz mission .
Those new participants can always choose to remain Avaaz members or to decline .
Avaaz may also provide the emails of people who sign a member-initiated campaign to the member who initiated the campaign so that member can continue that campaign 's efforts .
Whenever we do this , we will require that the member who initiated the campaign give signers an ability to opt-out of further emails from that member as a condition to receiving the emails of people who have signed that campaign .
When members initiate their own campaigns , Avaaz may send thank you notes and other correspondence to people who participate in those campaigns on behalf of the Avaaz member who initiated the campaign or on behalf of Avaaz .
When you give Avaaz personal information , we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , Avaaz can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
The safety and security of your information also depends on you .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password for access to certain parts of our Website , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
We ask you not to share your password with anyone .
Under circumstances where we determine that members may be misusing our systems for malicious purposes ( for example , using the numbers we provide to make harassing phone calls ) , such activities may be reported to law enforcement agencies .
In such cases , Avaaz may release personally identifiable information , including name and address , to those agencies .
Avaaz does not solicit nor knowingly collect personally identifying information from children .
Visitors who are under 13 years of age should ask their parent or legal guardian for assistance when using the Site and should not submit any personally identifying information to the Site .
For example , visitors under 13 years of age should not make donations , provide their name , address , contact information , or other information , or use the Avaaz email tool .
Some parts of the Site are password-protected .
We will use a cookie ( cookies reside on your computer and are under the control of your browser ) to enable you to return to password-protected areas of the website without having to re-enter your password or to otherwise optimize your experience on the site by , for example , tracking the type of webmail you are using to maximize the site 's compatibility with your system .
We also may use cookies to track data without identifying specific users as described below .
If you wish to disable these cookies , the help portion of the tool bar on most browsers will tell you how do that .
If you set your browser to disable cookies , however , you may not be able to access certain parts of this Site .
In order to better serve our members , in addition to collecting the information listed above , we also use cookies and other tools such as Google Analytics , Chartbeat , Litmus and similar services to analyze web activity .
These services provide us with statistical data that does not identify any individual .
This helps us understand traffic patterns and know if there are problems with our website .
We may also use embedded images in emails to track open rates for our mailings , so that we can tell which mailings appeal most to Avaaz members .
We also may collect IP addresses or other data about visits to our website to better understand where our traffic is coming from , how our services are being accessed , and to provide customized services to members .
URLs contained in emails may contain an ID that enables us to correctly identify the person who takes an action using a web page .
We use these URLs to simplify the process of signing petitions and filling out surveys .
We may occasionally present a shortened URL that references a longer URL which contains an idwe do this to simplify the display , to prevent links from becoming broken when copied , and to ensure compatibility with email programs which do not handle long URLs .
When a shortened URL is displayed in an email , you will see the full URL in the browser 's address bar when you access the page .
Links to Other Websites
Avaaz may provide links to third party web sites , and other web sites may provide links to the Site .
Third party web sites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies .
Avaaz has no control over such third party web sites , and by using this Site , you acknowledge and agree that Avaaz is not responsible for the availability of such third party sites , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products or other materials on or available from such sites .
You further acknowledge and agree that Avaaz will not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites .
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You can review and update your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page and making changes .
If you have forgotten your password , once you have tried to register and failed , you can click on the `` Forgot your password ? '' link to reach a page on which you can submit your e-mail address .
Your user name and password then will be e-mailed to you .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Avaaz may revise or amend this policy at any time at our sole discretion .
If we make any substantive changes in the way we collect or use personally identifying information provided by users , we will post a prominent announcement on our web site home page and post the changes on this page .
We will never change our policies and practices to make them less protective of user information collected prior to the effective date of any changes without the consent of affected users .
We encourage users to visit this page periodically to review our current policy .
Avaaz will send you updates on this and other important campaigns by email .

Privacy Statement for UC Berkeley Websites
Effective Date : April 2009
The University of California , Berkeley is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information to the extent possible , subject to provisions of state and federal law .
Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information , or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access , personally-identifiable information is not actively shared .
In particular , we do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our web servers .
UC Berkeley websites may collect personal information such as name , address , e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , and/or educational interests .
Such personal information may be requested by us for research , public service or teaching programs , or for administrative purposes .
Additional personal information , such as credit card account information , may be requested for purchases or enrollment purposes .
Web servers typically collect , at least temporarily , the following information : Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of computer being used ; web pages requested ; referring web page ; browser used ; date and time .
UC Berkeley may collect statistics identifying particular IP addresses from which our websites are accessed .
Use of collected information
UC Berkeley may use personal information collected from websites for the purpose of future communication back to online enrollees , in order to keep you informed of such activities as campus programs , symposia and/or special events , but only if you are provided the opportunity to opt out of that type of use .
UC Berkeley may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site accesses and for profiling purposes .
This information is generally used to improve Web presentation and utilization .
The campus also may use IP address information for troubleshooting purposes .
Some UC Berkeley online activity sites may use `` cookies '' in order to deliver web content specific to individual users ' interests or to keep track of online purchasing transactions .
Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies .
Distribution of collected information
UC Berkeley will not disclose , without your consent , personal information collected about you , except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure is required by law .
UC Berkeley will not distribute or sell personal information to third-party organizations .
Individuals who wish to use methods other than online enrollment may submit requests by email or U.S. mail addressed to the UC Berkeley organization responsible for the website .
Access to own information
Questions regarding users ' rights to review , modify or delete their previously provided personal information should be directed to the campus organization to which they provided the information .
Any disputes will be resolved under existing records regulations applicable to UC Berkeley .
For more detailed information about requirements for campus online activities see the e-Berkeley Policy section on Privacy and Confidentiality of Information .
Responsibility for external sites
UC Berkeley does not control the content or information practices of external organizations .
We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations .

The openness of protocols and imperfection of operating systems do not protect users connected to local or global networks from damage or theft of data .
Files with private key , personal logins , passwords or other secret and significant data are subject to steal because such data provide access to different services and resources .
The whole complex of measures and special hard and software devices ( firewalls , proxy servers ) are used in WebMoney Transfer to prevent unauthorized access .
If you wish to prevent your computer from unauthorized access , follow our pieces of advice .
In this case , you can make payments worth thousands of dollars from your computer without any fear to lose them .
To prevent your computer from unauthorized access you just need to follow these recommendations :
It is advisable to install Windows 7 on your computer .
Security of Linux ( Unix ) requires HIGHLY qualified specialists and therefore it can hardly be advisable for use .
Regularly update Service Park and Hot-fix at windowsupdate .
Maximally approximate OS security to the S2 standard or ITSEC ( refer to
Regularly update your anti-virus base
Test all incoming information ( email , news ) on Trojans or other viruses and never run any software ( .com , .exe ) , scripts ( .js , .vbs ) , files with macrocommands ( .doc ) , and package files ( .bat , .pif ) if they came from a doubtful source .
Store files with secret information on diskettes , CD , smart or flash cards .
Regularly back up secret files .
Do n't forget to remove the diskette and put in a safe place having logged out .
Store the removable carrier with secret information and its backup separately , in different places .
Study the security possibilities of the systems you are using .
Never leave your computer unattended when having logged into WebMoney Transfer .
Be sure store diskettes with secret information in a safe place .
Never let any extraneous software access your passwords and key .
If any extraneous software demands you to specify your WebMoney password , you must not enter it .
Only WebMoney Keeper must be able to access your password and key in the system .
Our recommendations will increase the security of your computer and help you manage your electronic funds privately and secure .

This is the website of Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC d/b/a PRWeb ( `` PRWeb '' ) .
Our postal address is
Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC
Beltsville , MD 20705
PRWeb takes privacy seriously .
As a pioneer of online visibility and search engine optimized press release distribution services , we are committed to establishing and maintaining policies and procedures which protect the privacy of personal information gathered from our customers , prospects and other visitors to our website .
PRWeb is a newswire service which distributes press releases on behalf of our users .
If you decide to submit a press release for distribution through our system we will transmit your entire press release including any personal information therein contained to our media contacts and online distribution points including search engines .
This is the only redistribution of your information that we engage in .
Your submission of press releases through our system indicates consent with this policy .
This Policy applies to all of the products , services and websites offered by PRWeb .
In order for PRWeb to take the appropriate action please describe in reasonable detail the nature of your request or inquiry .
We do not share user information with any third parties other than via press release distribution as described above .
PRWeb may use `` cookie '' technology to track or record information about our website visitors .
PRWeb requires the use of `` cookie '' technology so that we can guarantee we 'll present the correct information to users as they move from screen to screen .
PRWeb users who disable their web browser 's ability to accept cookies may not be able to successfully use our service .
Changes to Personal Information :
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by logging into their account .
The site contains links to other websites .
PRWeb is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites .
You will need to check the policy statement of other websites to understand their policies .
Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information .
It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential .
With respect to security , we employ industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving user data exchanged with our site .
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site .
We do not store credit card information in our systems .
Changes to Privacy Statement :
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change in the future , we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
To keep up-to-date with PRWeb 's policy , please check this page periodically .
Contacting the Website :

Shabdkosh Windows 8 App Privacy Policy
The Shabdkosh Windows 8 app ( the app ) transmits information about users such as their IP address , their access and time of such access of Shabdkosh.com online dictionary or locally installed data/files .
The server ( s ) from which such services are provided may also record the queries searched .
The search queries , frequency of searches and the user agent activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content , which is considered violation of copyright .
At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users ( registered or otherwise ) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use the app .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , visit Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Specifically , Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
The app also provides advertising from Microsoft Advertising program .
The trademarks , logos , and service marks ( collectively the Trademarks ) displayed on shabdkosh.com , shabdkosh.in and m.shabdkosh.com ( Web Site ) are registered and unregistered trademarks of its affiliates and others .
Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this Web Site , or any other content on this Web Site , except as provided herein , is strictly prohibited .
Links to Third Party Sites
This Web site contains links to other Web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by the owners of the Web site .
No responsibility is accepted for the content of those sites .
These links are provided for your convenience only , and the material on these sites is not necessarily endorsed .
Great efforts are made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this Web site , but this does not guarantee that there are no errors .
The documents and information provided on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors .
The information provided may at times be out of date or inaccurate .
The content of this website may be modified without notice .
No claims , promises or warranties , express or implied , are made about the accuracy , completeness or fitness for purpose of any material on this Web site .
No claims , promises or warranties , express or implied , are made about the reliability of the access to this Web site .
No liability of any description is accepted , including liability for negligence , for any direct , indirect , special or consequential damages or losses ( including but not limited to loss of business , revenue , profits , or consequential loss ) resulting from the use of or the inability to use this Web site .
Liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this Web site is expressly disclaimed .
No liability is accepted for any failure to keep the information in these documents up-to-date , and no responsibility is accepted for keeping the information in these documents up-to-date .
The material in this Web site does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this Web site to make ( or refrain from making ) any decision or take ( or refrain from taking ) any action .
Nothing that can have an adverse effect on the User
Shabdkosh.com Website Privacy Policy
This web site also records the IP address and/or username of users that contribute/vote or use the contribute system in the collaborative dictionary .
The server ( s ) on which this web site is hosted also records the IP address and surfing activity ( including but not limited to the queries searches in the dictionary ) .
The search queries , frequency of searches and the user agent ( browser , automated browsing software , spiders ) activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content ( which is considered violation of copyright ) .
At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users ( registered or otherwise ) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial gain .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , visit Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Specifically , Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Unless otherwise specified , the copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site is owned by the owner ( s ) of the domains of the Web site and all rights are reserved .
Title to copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site will at all times remain with the copyright owner .
Users are permitted to copy some material for their personal use as private individuals only .
No part of the data is to be republished either on another Web site or in any other medium , print , electronic or otherwise , or as part of any commercial service , without the prior written permission of the copyright owner .
If you require any further information on permitted use , then please use the contact form .
These terms and conditions ( the Terms ' ) govern your use of any or all of the documents that comprise the Web sites known as shabdkosh.com and/or shabdkosh.org ( the Web site ) .
Please read through the Terms .
If you do not agree with the Terms , then do not use the Web site .
If you do use the Web site , then your use indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms .
Changes may be made in these terms and conditions at any time and without notice ; users are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the current Terms and Conditions .

Protecting your private information is our priority .
This Statement of Privacy applies to
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to
website operates as an Affiliate Network Provider .
By using the ShareASale website , you
consent to the data practices described in this statement .
Collection of your Personal Information
ShareASale may collect personally identifiable information , such as your name .
gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future .
your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by ShareASale .
This information can include : your IP address , browser type , domain names , access
times and referring website addresses .
This information is used for the operation of the
service , to maintain quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the ShareASale website .
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or
personally sensitive data through ShareASale 's public message boards , this information
may be collected and used by others .
ShareASale encourages you to review the privacy
statements of websites you choose to link to from ShareASale so that you can understand
how those websites collect , use and share your information .
responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the
Use of your Personal Information
ShareASale collects and uses your personal information to operate its website ( s ) and
deliver the services you have requested .
ShareASale may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other
products or services available from ShareASale and its affiliates .
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of
potential new services that may be offered .
ShareASale does not sell , rent or lease its customer lists to third parties .
ShareASale may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis , send
you email or postal mail , provide customer support , or arrange for deliveries .
third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these
services to ShareASale , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your
ShareASale will disclose your personal information , without notice , only if required to do
so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ShareASale or the site ; ( b )
protect and defend the rights or property of ShareASale ; and , ( c ) act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ShareASale , or the public .
The ShareASale website may use `` cookies '' to help you personalize your online
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
uniquely assigned to you , and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued
the cookie to you .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a
For example , if you personalize ShareASale pages , or register with
ShareASale site or services , a cookie helps ShareASale to recall your specific
information on subsequent visits .
This simplifies the process of recording your personal
information , such as billing addresses , shipping addresses , and so on .
When you return to
the same ShareASale website , the information you previously provided can be retrieved ,
so you can easily use the ShareASale features that you customized .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to fully experience the
interactive features of the ShareASale services or websites you visit .
Security of your Personal Information
ShareASale secures your personal information from unauthorized access , use or
When personal information ( such as a credit card number ) is transmitted to
other websites , it is protected through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Sockets
Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
ShareASale does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
under the age of thirteen .
If you are under the age of thirteen , you must ask your parent or
guardian for permission to use this website .
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving
announcements of certain information .
Users may opt-out of receiving any or all
communications from ShareASale by contacting us .
Changes to this Statement
ShareASale will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and
ShareASale encourages you to periodically review this Statement to
be informed of how ShareASale is protecting your information .
ShareASale welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy .
If you believe that ShareASale has not adhered to this Statement , please contact
ShareASale.com , Inc .
15 W. Hubbard STE 500
Chicago , Illinois 60654
Effective as of August 09 , 2012

This policy governs any kind of processing ( including collection , use , transfer , storage and deletion ) of personally identifiable information ( any information that may be used to identify a physical person , and any other information associated therewith ) about natural persons , which are either consumers of LEGO products or services , or representatives of our cooperation partners ( personal data ) , by all business units and entities within the LEGO Group .
This policy applies to our processing of personal data collected through any means , actively as well as passively , online as well as offline , from persons located anywhere in the world .
Any question regarding our processing of personal data may be directed to :
Attn : Privacy Officer
or to the company within the LEGO group of companies closest to you .
Generally , the LEGO Group will be guided by the following principles when processing personal data :
We will only collect personal data for specific and specified purposes ;
We will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes ;
We will not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected , except as stated herein , or with prior consent ;
We will not transfer personal data to third parties or across borders , except as stated herein , or with prior consent ;
We will seek to verify and/or update personal data periodically , and we will accept requests for amendments of personal data ;
We will apply high technical standards to make our processing of personal data secure ;
Except when stated herein , we will not store personal data in identifiable form longer than is necessary to accomplish its purpose , or as is required by law .
The LEGO Group encourages families to visit our LEGO.com sites together as a shared activity .
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES AND/OR OTHER COUNTRIES
As a general principle , we process personal data in order to facilitate or improve the LEGO Group 's offerings and services to you .
We do purchase supplementary data from public sources to complement our data bases .
We do not process personal data on behalf of third parties , nor do we sell personal data to , or share personal data with , third parties for their own , independent use , except if you allow us to do so ( see LEGO Shop at Home below ) .
We do share personal data with third party vendors when it is necessary to provide services that we do n't perform ourselves , e.g . shipping of LEGO products , mailing of LEGO Club Magazines , etc .
We also use third party data hosting companies to store personal data collected by us in their servers , and to do data validation checks for us ( see LEGO ID - Linked Accounts below ) .
We undertake or commission consumer research projects from time to time and we may share personal data with third party research companies for this purpose .
Also , such third party research companies may host survey data in their data bases on our behalf .
All data transfers to third party vendors or partners , including those listed as examples above will be subject to a written contract between us and the third party vendor or partner in question , and the vendor or partner will not have any authority to use such personal data for any purpose other than as instructed by us .
When relevant , personal information may be shared among the business units and entities inside the LEGO Group .
We will disclose personal data when legally obligated to do so under subpoena or court order , or for law enforcement purposes .
For operational security reasons , we process ( mirror ) personal data in Europe and the United States .
This means that all personal data processed by us is transferred between our facilities in Europe and the United States periodically .
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED ONLINE FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
When a child under the age of 13 ( or such higher age as may be determined by local law ; in the following , the age 13 is used as the common denominator for easy reference ) contacts the LEGO Group online , for example to participate in a contest or to ask a question , we will collect that child 's email address and the e-mail address of the child 's parent or guardian .
We will use the child 's e-mail address only for the purpose for which it was collected , and we will use the e-mail address of the parents or guardians only to provide notification about the child 's contact with us , and to provide notification of the types and uses of personal data collected , if and as required by law .
As a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 from whom we have collected personal data , you have the right to review and have deleted such personal data , and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such personal data .
To do so , you should contact us by clicking here Parents and guardians who wish to review personal data concerning their children will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the children concerned , and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes .
We can not and will not establish conditions that will require or encourage children to disclose personal data over and above what is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity features on our web sites .
Children under 13 years of age are allowed to participate in contests .
However , if such a child wins , notification will be sent to the parent or guardian 's e-mail address ( provided by the child when he/she enters the contest ) .
Also , we will not ask the child for any personal data beyond e-mail addresses without obtaining prior parental consent .
Any personal data obtained from children and parents during contests will be kept until the contest ends and prizes are delivered , and then it will be deleted .
If any online activity offered by us will allow children under the age of 13 to reveal personal data publicly ( for example via un-moderated chat rooms or bulletin boards ) , we will obtain parental consent before allowing the child to participate .
Currently , all such activities are moderated , monitored and/or screened .
Processing of personal data through LEGO channels
We have introduced one common profile platform ( LEGO ID ) which is usable across different LEGO online applications .
When you have created one LEGO ID for one application , it can be used for other applications as well .
A LEGO ID may be created by children and adults alike , but where an individual younger than 13 signs-up , we will , as a general rule , collect personal data from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child .
In order to create a LEGO ID , we will process personal data such as email address ( and a parent or legal guardian email address if the creator is under the age of 13 ) , birthday , country of residence , and gender .
We will also require a password and a username to be created .
The email address is used for sending account notifications and other system-related information as needed .
By linking children 's LEGO ID 's with parents or legal guardians LEGO ID 's , we enable more substantial parental control over the child 's online activities .
In doing so , however , it is extremely important that we can verify the relationship between the child and the parent or legal guardian to whose LEGO ID the child 's LEGO ID is to be linked .
For this reason , we will process personal data in regards to the parent or legal guardian such as first and last name , mailing address , date of birth and a more reliable type of offline ID number ( e.g . driver 's license number or social security number , personal identification number or the like ) varying by jurisdiction .
We will transfer these data to an external service provider , which will perform the validation for us .
Validation services will be performed under a written contract between us and the service provider .
We will not store personal data collected for the validation in our archives .
The result we receive back will be a match ( in which case the child and the parent or legal guardian LEGO ID 's will be linked ) or a no match ( in which case the LEGO ID 's will not be linked , until and unless an appropriate relationship between the child and the applicant has been established otherwise ) .
The external service provider will process and store the personal data submitted by us strictly for documentation purposes .
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA THROUGH LEGO CHANNELS
LEGO SHOP AT HOME
When you use our LEGO Shop at Home service online or offline ( e.g . ordering online via shop.LEGO.com or via the LEGO Consumer Services Center , via catalogue or otherwise ) , we will process transaction-related personal data , such as your first and last name , mailing and shipping address , phone number , email address , credit card or other payment information , and ( if you have created a [ LEGO ID ] ) your date of birth and gender .
We will also process information about your purchases with us .
We will use such personal data to process and deliver your order , to provide notification of order status , and to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available .
We will also use said personal data to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO Shop at Home communication with you , if applicable .
In this respect , we may transfer tracking information about your use of our sites to external service providers , which will help us optimize your browsing experience .
Optimization services will be performed under a written contract between us and any service provider .
If you opt-in ( or upon request ) , we will send you LEGO Shop at Home promotional and marketing emails .
These may be targeted to you based on your purchase history or online browsing behaviour .
You may allow us to share your name , address and ordering activity with carefully selected third parties in whose products we believe you might be interested .
If you are 13 years or older ( age limitation may vary by country ) , you can join our LEGO VIP Program in physical LEGO Brand Retail Stores , online via LEGO Shop at Home , by phone via the LEGO Consumer Services Center , or through LEGO events offered by the VIP program .
If you sign up in a store or by phone , you will be required to subsequently visit VIP.LEGO.com/Register to finalize the sign-up process online .
We will process personal data such as your first and last name , address details , phone number , cell phone number ( optional ) , email address , credit card or other payment information , LEGO ID username and password , date of birth and gender .
We will also process information about your purchases with us ( online and offline ) , marketing preferences and your use of LEGO.com related websites .
We use your personal data to send you regular email newsletters , to send you marketing offers ( if you opt-in ) via catalogues , emails and text messages , to analyze customer behavior and to customize our LEGO VIP Program communication with you .
We will also use your personal data to update your profile periodically to ensure that we have the most accurate personal data available .
Children can join the LEGO Club .
If the child is under the age of 13 , we will , as a general rule , collect personal data relevant to the membership from the parents or legal guardian of the child rather than the child .
Where the only personal data needed is the email address of the child ( e.g . for participation in a contest ) , we may collect the email address directly from the child , and provide notification to the parents or legal guardian as required by law .
As a member of one of the LEGO Club , the child may receive periodical LEGO Club Magazines , LEGO Club email newsletters , and be able to participate in contests , etc .
When completing a LEGO Club membership application , you consent to the LEGO Club using your child 's information for mailings and emails .
The data will be used only for LEGO mailings and will not be sold , rented , or otherwise disclosed to any company outside the LEGO Company except for companies acting as our agents to help us provide services requested by the child .
We will process personal data such as the child 's first and last name , mailing address , gender , date of birth , email address and phone number , as relevant .
You may contact our LEGO Consumer Service Center with questions or comments related to the LEGO Group , and our products and services .
You may also request replacement parts for your LEGO sets , request catalogues , etc .
When you contact us , we will process personal data such as age group , your email address , your gender , first and last name , mailing address , phone and/or cell phone number , as relevant .
We use cookies on our websites .
Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device .
A cookie itself does not contain or collect information .
However , when it is read by a server via a web browser it can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service for example , remembering previous purchases or account details .
We use cookies in order to remember your choices , to give you a better user experience by improving our web sites and for providing content more accurately suited to your needs .
This means we use cookies in order to remember :
Your browser settings , such as the type of browser you use and what plug-ins you have installed .
This keeps us from bothering you every time you enter the site in order to make sure that you have the necessary equipment to play a game or download information from our sites .
It also allows us to know how many people are using certain types of software , so that we can adjust our site to provide the best browsing experience for every visitor .
Your language and region choice .
This means that if you have once chosen English as a language this is the default language that will be using when you revisits us What games you play , your high scores and your progress in the games depending on the features of each game .
This state is saved in Flash Local Shared Objects a.k.a . Flash cookies .
Your LEGO ID sign-in state .
Your shopping cart and shopping options .
What products you view and buy in the shop so we can provide you with suggestions .
What products and gallery entries you have rated and the rating you have given .
The last time we asked you to participate in a survey and whether you answered it so we do not prompt you too often .
Your movement on and usage of our sites .
We do not collect personal data as part of this .
We collect statistical data so we can optimize our site .
Recently used data - to improve performance .
In case we store personal data in a cookie , the information will be encrypted and thus safe .
Some cookies last until you close your browser , others are stored for longer .
Our maximum cookie age is 400 days as we want to make sure that you can find your information if you only visit us approximately once a year .
We use third party companies as suppliers for some of our functions .
Their use of the data is controlled by our contract with them and they are only allowed to use the data strictly for the purpose we have stated .e.g . the data is not used in connection with data from other companies and we are not tracking user behavior outside our own sites .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or device by setting your browser to not accept cookies .
Some browsers provide a mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit .
This is called InPrivate in Internet Explorer version 8 and newer ; Incognito in Google Chrome version 10 and newer ; Private Browsing in Firefox version 3.5 and newer ; Private Browsing in Safari version 2 and newer and Private Browsing in Opera version 10.5 and newer .
The exact instructions for this can be found in the manual for your browser .
You can delete cookies already on your computer or device at any time .
If you choose not to accept cookies at all , you can still visit our website , however we can not guarantee an optimum experience without cookies .
In some cases , a browser is inside another program .
This list tells you how you control those :
For LEGO Digital Designer on Mac use Safari .
For LEGO Digital Designer on PC use from Internet Explorer .
For LEGO Mindstorms on Mac and PC simply restart the program .
REVIEW AND UPDATE OF PERSONAL DATA
You may always contact us to review and update personal data we may have stored about you .
You may either use the following link or contact our LEGO Consumer Service .
Please note that prior to accessing and making changes to your account , we must verify your identity properly .
It may take up to 10 business days before changes take effect .
Access to a number of LEGO.com services are protected by access restrictions based on the LEGO ID user name and password .
It is important that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others , and protect your password against disclosure .
All external transmissions of personal data facilitated by us are protected by encryption .
All data storage , at LEGO Group operated computer facilities as well as at business partner facilities , will be subject to written contracts .
Generally , processing of personal data will take place in accordance with applicable legislation and best practices concerning data security .
Credit card information is directed to one or more approved and certified service provider ( s ) , and will not be stored by us for longer than it takes to process the data .
Handling of personal data is controlled by documented policies and procedures , including strict physical and logical access control , security back-up , failover , anti-malware protection , monitoring and vulnerability detection mechanisms .
The LEGO Group may need to change its data processing policy from time to time to keep up with the ways in which we collect , use , transfer , store and/or delete personal data .
If policy changes are made , which would materially and adversely affect the privacy of individuals to whom this policy applies , we will endeavor to give notice of such changes to all individuals concerned .
EFFECTIVE DATE : 25th May 2011

Call Toll Free : 877-985-2695
SupplementsFood & BeveragePersonal CareHouseholdPetsKidsFitnessLibraryTop SellersContact Us
Mercola.com 's Policy on Security , Privacy and Website Terms of Use
truste-logoThis policy sets forth the type of information Mercola.com collects from you via this website ( the `` Website '' ) , the way we use such information , and the procedures we use to keep such information confidential .
This policy also sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of the website and its content .
Mercola.com takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users ' personal information .
When users submit sensitive information via the Mercola.com website , their information is protected both online and off-line .
Opt-Out or Termination of User Accounts
The Information We Collect
The Way We Use Information
Copyright Infringement Policy for Claims under the DMCA
Warranties and Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability and Liability Disclaimer
By using the Website , you consent to the collection and use of certain information in the manner we describe and agree to be bound by the terms of use as set forth herein .
By logging into your cart , you consent to periodic email notifications regarding the status of your check-out process .
You may opt out of these any time after your initial notice .
The practices and policies contained in this Policy are subject to change at any time without prior notice .
If we decide to change our policies , we will post those changes on this Website .
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the Policy in place at the time such information is collected notwithstanding future changes to this Policy .
The practices and policies in this Policy replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter .
Opt-Out or Termination of User Accounts
If users have opted out of all communication with the Website , or deleted/deactivated their account , Mercola.com will not contact such users again nor will their personal information ever be used by us in any manner .
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us .
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us , and we maintain commercially reasonable procedures and technology designed for this purpose .
The Website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control .
However , we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information , such as credit card number , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry , 128-bit SSL .
While on a secure page , such as our order form , the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to un-locked , or open , when users are just 'surfing ' .
While we use 128-bit SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online , we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line .
All of our users ' information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example , our billing clerk or a customer service representative ) are granted access to personally identifiable information .
Finally , the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment .
The Information We Collect
We request information from the user on our secure order form .
A user must provide contact information ( such as name , email , and shipping address ) and financial information ( such as credit card number , expiration date ) .
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer 's orders .
We may store this information securely on our server .
If we have trouble processing an order , the information is used to contact the user .
This information is only shared with other companies who work on behalf of Mercola.com to provide a product or service to you .
Unless we tell you differently , these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
We may also use this information to inform you of additional goods and services about which you might be interested or to customize your experience and use of the Website .
We may ask you for personally-identifying information in connection with a promotion or survey .
Any email you receive from us , or third parties authorized by you to send email , will contain additional opt-out or unsubscribe options in the email with instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving future emails .
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors , such as IP addresses , browsers , pages viewed , number of visitors , goods and services purchased , transactions completed , etc .
To do this , we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics and marketing partners .
Although these partners log the information coming from our site on our behalf , we authorize how that data may and may not be used .
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents .
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our website , and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages .
If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities .
Like most standard website servers , we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
The Way We Use Information
Our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs , therefore we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes .
In addition , we use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyze site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site 's content , layout , and services .
We may use your information to deliver information to you that , in some cases , is targeted to your interests , such as targeted banners , new products , services and promotions .
At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests , experience or requests , which we may use to customize our products and services for you .
If you place a request for products or services , we use your personal information to ship your order ; if the products or services are from a retail partner , we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction .
If you establish a credit account with us or our providers , we collect additional information , including billing information , credit card number and expiration date , and tracking information from checks or money orders .
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes or investigate problems .
We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , to manage our website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive .
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions on our unsubscribe page .
If a user elects to use our E-mail to a friend service for informing a someone about an article , we launch the default email program on the users computer .
We do not know who you send the article to and therefore we could not collect and store that data .
The Web site contains links to other sites .
Mercola.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites .
By including links to other websites , we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may differ from ours .
This privacy statement applies solely to the Mercola.com website .
We do not accept any paid advertisements on Mercola.com .
Any services or products recommended and/or offered in the newsletter or elsewhere on Mercola.com have gone through extensive review before such recommendations , and based on that review were recommended and/or offered .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ds on Mercola.com .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Mercola.com users based on their visit to Mercola.com and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We welcome feedback , questions and comments about our products , services and this Website .
As a general policy , we do not accept unsolicited ideas for products or services through this Website .
All communications and other materials ( including , without limitation , unsolicited ideas , photographs , drawings , suggestions , or materials ) you send to this Website by e-mail or otherwise are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Mercola.com and may be used by us for any purpose whatsoever , commercial or otherwise , without compensation to you .
Mercola.com is the exclusive owner and or licensee of the content , products and services ( `` Content '' ) offered on the Mercola website and retains all proprietary rights in and to such Content , including all copyrighted material , trademarks , and other proprietary information of Mercola.com , and its licensors .
Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission , you may not copy , modify , publish , transmit , distribute , perform , display , or sell any such proprietary information .
Copyright Infringement Policy for Claims under the DMCA
If you believe that any Content has been copied and posted on the Mercola website by Mercola or any third party in a manner that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement , please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information : an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest ; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website ; your address , telephone number , and email address ; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ; a statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf .
Mercola.com 's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement under the DMCA can be reached as follows :
3200 W. Higgins Road
Hoffman Estates , IL 60169
Warranties and Warranty Disclaimer
Mercola will use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the functionality and availability of the services ; however the services are provided to you `` AS IS '' without any warranty of any kind .
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW , MERCOLA.COM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE , ITS CONTENT , PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
You agree that your use of the Website is done entirely at your own risk .
Mercola does not warrant that your use of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free .
Mercola.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the website , whether caused by Mercola , Members , non-members , agents , representatives , partners or licensors .
Mercola.com assumes no responsibility for any error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , communications line failure , theft or destruction or unauthorized access to , or alteration of , user or Member communications .
Mercola.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines , computer online systems or access , servers or providers , computer equipment , software , failure of email on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or combination thereof , including injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any other person 's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the services .
Mercola makes no warranties and shall have no liability for any claim of copyright , trademark or patent infringement based on your use of or combination of any third party product or software with the services , or any part thereof , ( unless authorized in writing by Mercola ) if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of the services without the use of other software , hardware or products .
Limitation of Liability and Liability Disclaimer
MERCOLA AND ITS AGENTS , REPRESENTATIVES , PARTNERS , SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR AND DAMAGES OR LOSS ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGE , WHETHER BASED ON TORT , BODILY INJURY , DEATH , LOST REVENUE OR OTHERWISE , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER MERCOLA WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES IN ADVANCE AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED OR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF ANY KIND .
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN , MERCOLA.COM 'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER , AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION , WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID , IF ANY , BY YOU TO MERCOLA.COM FOR THE SERVICES .
ON BEHALF OF ITSELF , ITS PARTNERS , LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS , MERCOLA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING BODILY INJURY OR DEATH ) ARISING FROM OR RELATED THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICES .
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mercola.com , its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , agents , licensors , partners and employees , from any loss , liability , claim , or demand , including reasonable attorney 's fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website , Content and services in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement .
Any dispute about or involving Mercola.com and/or your use of this Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of Illinois .
If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be or becomes unenforceable or illegal , such provision shall be adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to cure such unenforceability or illegality and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms as modified by such adjustment .
truste-logoMercola.com is a Participant in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world .
As this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns .
Mercola Health Resources , LLC , Vitamins & Food Supplements , Hoffman Estates , IL
McAfee SECURE sites help keep you safe from identity theft , credit card fraud , spyware , spam , viruses and online scams Click for company profile
Subscribe to Dr. Mercola 's Natural Health Newsletter :
Dr. Mercola 's Clinic
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration .
This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease .
If you are pregnant , nursing , taking medication , or have a medical condition , consult your physician before using this product .
Disclaimer : The entire contents of this website are based upon the opinions of Dr. Mercola , unless otherwise noted .
Individual articles are based upon the opinions of the respective author , who retains copyright as marked .
The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice .
It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and information from the research and experience of Dr. Mercola and his community .
Dr. Mercola encourages you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional .
If you want to use this article on your site please click here .
This content may be copied in full , with copyright , contact , creation and information intact , without specific permission , when used only in a not-for-profit format .
If any other use is desired , permission in writing from Dr. Mercola is required .
The World 's # 1 Natural Health Website claim is based upon Alexa Natural Health Website rankings .
Copyright 1997-2013 Dr. Joseph Mercola .
All Rights Reserved .

Nordstrom Privacy Policy Overview
Welcome to Nordstrom .
As a customer of the Nordstrom family of companies , your trust is our most important asset .
We take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information in our possession .
In order to preserve your trust , we want you to understand what personal information we may collect from you , how we use such information , and the choices you have regarding our use of this information .
In this policy , `` personal information '' means any information by which you can be identified or contacted , such as your name ( first and last ) , address ( city , state , zip ) , e-mail address , telephone number , etc .
This Privacy Policy governs your experience in our US stores and on this website unless otherwise indicated .
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect personal information when communicating or interacting with you through Nordstrom.com , our stores or the Nordstrom family of companies .
Some examples include :
registering for a shopping account , Wish List or Product Review account on our website
when you request that merchandise be sent to you or others , make purchases or returns with us , place an order with us online , via phone , mail , e-mail or fax , or request an e-receipt
fulfilling orders you place and delivering packages
requesting a catalog or other content and communications from us or when offering recommendations to you
subscribing to Nordstrom.com E-mail Updates ( our e-mail newsletter ) or other communications from us or managing your preferences with us
applying for an account with us
your Financial Account numbers when transacting with us
interacting with our websites or mobile sites , mobile applications and services
when you participate in any of our programs such as contests , sweepstakes , surveys , loyalty programs , wedding programs etc .
when you apply for employment which may include your social security number or social insurance number
working with our salespeople who assist you with your fashion needs and purchases
through communications with you , or through the Nordstrom family of companies
contacting us with a comment , question or complaint
We may also collect personal information about you from other third parties , such as demographic firms , to make our future service and marketing efforts more efficient and personalized for you .
We may combine all information we collect and we may disclose this information within our corporate family of companies or our service providers .
When you visit our websites we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information may include Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses or other device identifiers , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , location , date/time stamp and clickstream data .
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information that we and our service providers collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products , services and experience .
We may collect and use your information to provide you products and services , notify you of product recalls or safety issues , process and respond to your application for current or future career opportunities , process membership requests when you apply or otherwise administer your participation in our programs , to respond to your comments , questions or complaints , determine your satisfaction with our programs and service , to personalize your experiences , if you ask us to , send you marketing communications and other information you have chosen to receive regarding our products , services , marketing or special events .
We also use your personal information for our everyday business purposes such as security , payment processing , analytics , operations , fraud detection and prevention , reporting , making back-ups and legal compliance .
How We Share Your Information
To best serve you , we may share your personal information with other members of the Nordstrom family of companies and with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services , administer our programs , operations , fulfill your requests , surveys , contests , sweepstakes and product reviews , or provide you with membership information .
Service providers , third parties who perform services on our behalf , are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from Nordstrom .
We may also , in certain instances , disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you , contact you , to advise you of a product recall , detect and protect you or us from fraud , manage information security or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of Nordstrom or others .
We may also disclose your personal information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required or permitted by law .
One of our most valuable tools we have for building and maintaining our relationship with you is Personal Book .
It allows us to better serve you in a number of ways , including keeping you informed on when your alterations , repairs , or your favorite brands or product will arrive , and notifying you about sales , special appearances and store events or promotions of interest to you .
To best serve you , we record and access information in Personal Book , including your name , address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , interests , privacy preferences and purchase history .
All Nordstrom Salespeople are expected to use Personal Book in an ethical and appropriate manner .
This includes only entering accurate customer information , voluntarily given by you to the Salesperson , for the specific purpose of entering it into Personal Book or any other Nordstrom-approved data device .
Personal Book allows our Salespeople to follow through on our commitment to serving you in a professional manner , and we are dedicated to ensuring that the information you provide is protected and secure .
Personal Book is the property of Nordstrom and may be used for Nordstrom-related purposes only .
Nordstrom offers mobile applications ( commonly known as `` apps '' ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about store events , or receive other information from Nordstrom .
All personal information collected by Nordstrom via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy .
Although you do not have to provide your location information to Nordstrom to use our mobile applications , our store-specific services such as find-an-item require a zip code to function .
You may manually enter a zip code and we will save your zip code ( s ) for future reference .
Alternatively , when you download our mobile application , you may choose to allow it to obtain your precise location from your mobile device when you click the `` near me '' button .
In this case , we will determine your zip code from the precise location data received from your mobile device .
We do not store precise location data ; we only store the zip code associated with the location .
We may also update our mobile applications to offer automatic ( or `` push '' ) notifications .
We will provide push notifications only to those customers who opt-in to receive such notifications from Nordstrom .
If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings .
In the future , we may offer updated or enhanced versions of our mobile applications that include additional features created by us or using third party functionality .
Our applications or the third party may automatically collect information about your precise location from your device , but only if you allow it .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Similar Technologies
Our website uses `` cookie '' and `` web beacon '' technology .
We use cookies and web beacons to identify your device , provide website user authentication , conduct fraud prevention and management services , distinguish you from other visitors , record your IP address and understand your use of our site , and identify the name of the Web site from which you linked to Nordstrom .
This information is used for fulfilling contracts with our business partners , and to help us serve you better by improving our website design , as well as our products , services , and promotions .
We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites .
Information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers on our behalf .
More information is available under Third-Party Advertising Partners .
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website .
A `` session cookie '' expires immediately when you end your session ( i.e. , close your browser ) .
A `` persistent cookie '' stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date , the cookie information is still available .
A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie .
When you visit our website , we may use both a session and a persistent cookie .
This Nordstrom-placed cookie may contain information ( such as a unique user ID ) that is used to track your usage of our website and in some cases , your e-mail address .
Your e-mail address is only saved in this Nordstrom-placed cookie if you register with us .
A web beacon allows us to capture certain additional types of information about a visitor 's actions on a web site , such as a visitor 's cookie number , the time , date , duration and number of page views , a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed , and details about any items that were purchased .
If you register with us , this Nordstrom-placed cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and provides you with access to your account information .
If you save your information with or order from us , we may also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website .
If you have not saved your information with or ordered from us , we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in a manner that does not identify you .
You can disable cookies at any time by using your browser options ; however , if you turn off cookies , we will not be able to track your order or enable you to make a purchase from our website .
In addition , we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user to allow you access to your account information .
We may use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
We do not use Flash cookies for marketing or behavioral targeting purposes .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements ( banners or links ) on our behalf across the Internet .
These advertising service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website , and your interactions with our products and services .
Such non-identifiable information does not include your name , address , e-mail address or other personal information .
The information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags ( also known as action tags ) , which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites .
In addition to the information about your visits to our website , our service providers may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from Nordstrom .
Currently , we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partner : TellApart .
In the future we may partner with other companies to provide interest-based advertising , both on and off Nordstrom.com .
If this occurs , Nordstrom provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served .
You may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking here .
Facebook Custom Audience Ads from Nordstrom
We may display interest-based ads to you when you are using Facebook through a tool offered by Facebook called the Custom Audience Tool .
This tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us .
We do not share any of your personal information , including your shopping history , with Facebook .
The tool lets Nordstrom convert your e-mail address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers Facebook generates from e-mail addresses of its users .
You may opt-out of Facebook Custom Audience ads from Nordstrom by clicking here .
Nordstrom invites you to socialize and share your fashion inspiration , finds and purchases with your friends using Social Media tools such as Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and Instagram .
If you choose to use these tools , you may be sharing certain profile elements , including your comments .
This sharing is subject to each social media program 's privacy policies .
We also use Facebook Social Plugins to allow Facebook to share information and friends ' activities with its members while they are on our website .
For example , Social Plugins allow Facebook to show you and your friends ' `` Likes '' on our product pages if you are logged into Facebook while shopping at Nordstrom.com .
Nordstrom does not receive or control any of the content from Facebook Social Plugins .
To remove a Facebook `` Like '' through Nordstrom , place your cursor in the `` grayed out '' Like button and click on the `` X '' that appears .
This removes the `` Like '' from your Facebook Page , as well as from Nordstrom 's websites .
You can also delete comments made while at Nordstrom.com from your Facebook Page .
For more information about Facebook Social Plugins and other social media tools , click here .
We may allow you to sign in to your Nordstrom.com account using Facebook Connect .
If you choose to do this , we may collect information necessary to facilitate social interactions such as friend lists , birthday , check-ins , basic profile information and your profile picture but only if the privacy settings you and your friends set within Facebook allow it .
We will use the information we collect to create and facilitate an interactive social experience and to bring you products , services and programs from Nordstrom .
Nordstrom will always comply both with its privacy policy as well as with Facebook Connect terms regarding use of Facebook profile information .
Links to Other Websites and Services
Websites provided by the Nordstrom family of companies may include links to other Internet sites , content , or videos ( embedded or direct links ) maintained by third parties ( 'Linked Sites ' ) .
Nordstrom provides Linked Sites to you solely as a convenience , and the inclusion of Linked Sites does not imply endorsement by Nordstrom of the Linked Sites .
You access Linked Sites at your own risk and by accessing them you leave Nordstrom 's website .
Linked Sites are not under the control of Nordstrom and Nordstrom is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site , including the privacy policies or tracking technologies they may use .
We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy to determine how they will handle any personally identifying information they collect from you .
Browser Do Not Track Signals
Although our websites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize the various web browser Do Not Track signals , we do offer our customers choices to manage their preferences that are provided in the previous sections above .
Your Information , Your Choice
To update us with your preferences , you may contact us using one of the following methods :
Call 1-866-554-6591 , or
Send your request to Nordstrom Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111
Please note your preference as stated below :
`` I prefer not to receive e-mail advertisements , such as updates regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events . ''
( You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all Nordstrom.com e-mail advertisements to be removed from future e-mail updates . )
`` I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements , such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events . ''
( Please note that direct mail requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective . )
`` I prefer not to receive marketing phone calls such as special events , special appearances , or promotions or new product arrivals from my salesperson or the company . ''
To update your Wish List privacy settings , you may select `` Private '' ( not searchable ) to protect your Wish List information from being publicly searched on our site or you may select `` Public '' ( searchable ) .
To protect your privacy , we initially set your Wish List account to a `` Private '' setting .
We respect your need to be able to access and update the personal information that you have provided to us .
If you have registered online , you may access and update your personal information at any time by logging into your account .
You may also request access and update your personal information by e-mail or writing to the Nordstrom Privacy Office at the contact information set out below ( subject to certain exceptions and as prescribed by law ) .
We may request certain personal information to verify the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records .
California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or with corporate affiliates ( such as Nordstrom Bank , and HauteLook ) for those entities direct marketing purposes .
Nordstrom does not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
Nordstrom will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent .
If you are under 13 years old please do not provide your information on our website .
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Nordstrom for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information transmitted to us using this website .
To help guard your information , our website uses Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Nordstrom is able to decode your information .
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information .
To be sure your connection is secure , look at the bottom status bar of your browser window .
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending on your browser ) the SSL is active and your information is secure .
Most browsers offer additional security alerts as well .
If for some reason you are unable to connect to our secure server , please call us toll free at 1-888-282-6060 .
We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Nordstrom and their issuing bank or credit card company .
Additionally , we are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect personal information in their online accounts , including the following :
Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses
Reset your e-mail account password
Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters )
Do not use the same password on more than one website
Do not share your password with others
Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal
Visit these additional resources :
Fraud Alerts : Protecting Your Personal Information
You may come in contact with websites , e-mails or texts that try to lure you into providing personal information with the offer of a Nordstrom gift card .
Nordstrom does not sponsor these offers nor are we affiliated with the promotion originators .
We take these matters , and the protection of our customers ' sensitive information , very seriously .
View our Fraud Alerts page .
Data Processing and Storage
Nordstrom and its third party service providers may process or store your personal information outside of the United States or Canada and other countries .
In accordance with the laws of those countries , in certain circumstances your personal information may be accessible by foreign law enforcement , regulatory bodies or other authorities .
For more information of our use of foreign service providers please contact us as described below .
Protecting the privacy and security of Nordstrom customer information is a top priority for Nordstrom .
In some cases , Nordstrom partners with outside vendors to help facilitate transactions .
When that is the case , we work closely with the vendor to ensure that the transaction is appropriately handled and all the information you provide is treated with the utmost care .
To sell and fulfill online purchases that customers choose to ship internationally , Nordstrom partners with Borderfree , Inc .
( `` Borderfree '' ) .
We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your personal information , with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission .
Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for executing international shipping orders .
When you identify your Nordstrom.com order as being shipped internationally , Nordstrom will facilitate your secure Checkout transaction with Borderfree .
On the Checkout page you will be required to submit credit card and personal information ( name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from Nordstrom .
Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify Nordstrom of the approval of your order , and Nordstrom will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your data collected from their page with Nordstrom , that data is protected by the Nordstrom Privacy Policy .
Any personal information you provide directly to Nordstrom while on Nordstrom.com is controlled and processed by Nordstrom , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 .
Any personal information provided at Checkout is controlled and processed by Borderfree , 55 West 39th Street , 18th Floor , New York , New York 10018 .
If you choose to provide Nordstrom with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
Nordstrom adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority .
We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Nordstrom privacy program assessments .
Nordstrom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , as has Borderfree .
For more information about the Safe Harbor , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect personal information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update personal information or change marketing preferences , or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods :
Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or
Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Nordstrom commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Nordstrom using one of the following methods :
Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or
Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986
Nordstrom has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
In-Store Prosthesis Privacy Policy
To access the Nordstrom In-Store Prosthesis Privacy Policy click here .
To access the Nordstrom Canada Privacy Policy click here .
For more information about our Careers Privacy Policy click here .
As we continue to develop our business , we may undergo a business transition such as acquiring another company , merging with an existing company , or selling a portion of our assets .
In such transitions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
In the unlikely event that Nordstrom , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding , you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices .
We reserve the right to change this policy , and to apply any changes to information previously collected , as permitted by law .
If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future , we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website .
If you 're not comfortable shopping online ( and would prefer to make your purchase via telephone ) , just give us a call at 1-888-282-6060 .
Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to assist you .
For your convenience , Nordstrom may link to unaffiliated third party websites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites .
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at :
Seattle , WA 98111-3986
1212 S. Flower Street , Suite # 300
Los Angeles , CA 90015
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only , and are not intended to be exhaustive .

Shutterfly , Inc. and our family of brands take your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Our Online Privacy and Security is organized as follows :
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Information Sharing With Third Parties
Opting Out Of Information Sharing
Access to Your Account Information and Preferences
Your California Privacy Rights
Updates to Privacy Policy
We collect personal information when you register with any of our family of brands via our websites , mobile sites or mobile applications ( collectively , our `` Sites and Apps '' ) and when you use any of our products or services .
Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable , such as your name , address , email address or phone number , Facebook Connect sign-in information ( if applicable ) , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available .
In addition , if you send email invitations to friends and family to allow them to view your pictures or saved projects , or if you invite them to participate in Shutterfly Share Sites , those email addresses are personal information .
Also , your account includes an address book , which you can use to store email addresses of friends and family , and those emails are personal information .
We or our third party service providers may also collect information relating to your devices , including your device model , operating system , browser type , unique device identifier , IP address , mobile phone number , mobile network carrier , location , and event information ( such as application installations ) .
If you order products or pay for services , we will need your shipping address , billing name and address , as well as your credit card number and expiration date .
If you tag yourself , friends , or family in pictures , we may use facial recognition technology to help you tag and organize your pictures .
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies , pixel tags , and/or other similar technologies to collect visitor information .
Cookies , for example , are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
They make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out , recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you .
By doing this , we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout .
It is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off , but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user , your browser must be set to accept cookies .
We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Sites and Apps .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services .
For instance , they may collect web log data from you ( such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads .
Through this process , demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
They do not know the name , address , email address , phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user .
The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) allows for the central opting out of all of its members ' cookies from a single opt-out page .
If you delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt-out choice .
We also work with third party service providers to monitor certain pages of our Sites and Apps for such purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics .
Where authorized by us , these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors .
No personally identifiable information is transferred to these third party service providers .
We use your information for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , administrative purposes , to improve our services , to customize the advertising and content you see , to contact you , and for internal business purposes .
We use third party information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request .
For example , sharing your pictures electronically is one of the key benefits we offer .
You are able to send an email invitation to your selected recipients , and then to allow them to view , save , or purchase products from your pictures .
This email invitation contains a link created specifically for your pictures .
The email also may include information about special promotional offers from our family of brands and/or carefully-screened third parties .
Another example of how we use third party information you provide to us is Shutterfly Share Sites .
If you create a special site through Shutterfly Share Sites to share your pictures , you may invite recipients to participate in that site .
In addition to the email invitation , these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the site ( e.g. , when new content is added ) .
As the creator of the site , you can determine the frequency of these email digests .
In addition , any recipient who is a Shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences .
If you use one of our referral programs to refer any of our family of brands to your friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your invitation .
If you send Treat Digital Cards to friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your cards .
Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through email invitations , Shutterfly Share Sites , our referrals programs , Treat Digital Cards , or the address books of any of our Sites and Apps to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family .
( Of course , if a friend or family member signs up with any of our family of brands or we receive their email address from another unrelated source , we may communicate with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy . )
Your accounts may also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays , anniversaries , and other key dates and details about friends and family .
You can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates .
We may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar .
Reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties .
When you add personal messages to your products , an order-processing representative may view your message .
However , third parties are not allowed to view or use this information .
We use anonymous information , such as that pertaining to web or mobile pages you have viewed , in order to analyze trends , track user 's movements , provide a better user experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally .
See `` Authorized Third Parties . ''
Information Sharing With Third Parties
From time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us .
We may share personal information within our family of brands .
We may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners .
These companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us , to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes .
Information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs .
With that in mind , when you purchase an item , your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle , store , retain , use , share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies , and we disclaim any and all liability relating thereto .
Every now and then , we will invite customers to take part in surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes .
The information we collect from these surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by our family of brands to improve your overall customer experience , and may be shared with select third parties
If you log in through Facebook Connect , information you provide to us may be shared with Facebook .
Opting Out Of Information Sharing
We understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share their information with other select companies .
If you do not want us to share your information , please contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands , and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable .
When contacting us , please clearly state your request , including your name , mailing address , email address and phone number .
However , under the following circumstances , we may still be required to share your personal information :
If we respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process , or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
If we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law .
If we believe it is necessary to restrict or inhibit any user from using any of our Sites and Apps , including , without limitation , by means of `` hacking '' or defacing any portion thereof .
Our Sites and Apps are not intended for children , and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children .
If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 , we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files .
Access to Your Account Information and Preferences
You have the right and ability to edit your member account information on our Sites and Apps at any time .
You can opt in or out of receiving future communications from us about special offers and new product information , you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive , or you can change your marketing preferences by contacting us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
We do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide , such as service announcements and administrative messages .
We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications .
We use a secure server ( SSL ) to encrypt your personal financial information .
We use other physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we have collected , and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information .
Our Sites and Apps may contain links to other sites for news and other information .
Our Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Apps , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites which are linked to or integrated with our Sites and Apps .
You should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them .
See our Terms of Use for additional information .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as S.B . 27 , allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways : send a letter to Legal , Shutterfly , 2800 Bridge Parkway Redwood City , CA 94065 or through the various ways of contact described in the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above .
ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS , WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT , WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A NAMED OR UNNAMED MEMBER IN A CLASS , CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL LEGAL ACTION .
YOUR ACCESS AND CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF OUR SITES AND APPS SIGNIFIES YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THIS WAIVER .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
Updates to Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updates on this page .
Please check back periodically to view any updates .

This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by the Netflix family of companies ( `` Netflix '' ) ( help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) .
To learn which company is responsible for processing your personal information and for instructions on how to contact us , please see the International Users/Contacting Us section below .
By using , visiting or browsing the Netflix service , you accept and agree to our information practices described below .
Please note that this Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through our website , so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices ( for example game consoles or Internet enabled televisions ) , you may need to visit the website to review these hyperlinked terms .
Collection and Use of Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Other Websites , Platforms and Applications
Right to Access Your Information
Cookies and Internet Advertising
Changes to This Policy
Collection and Use of Information
We receive and store information , including personal information , about you and your use of our service .
This information is gathered in a number of ways , including when you enter it on our website and from interactions with our service .
In this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to mean information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you .
Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you .
We may collect , use , transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose .
You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you , but , in general , most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so .
When you interact with us , we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide , enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts .
For similar reasons , we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources , as permitted by law .
We use this personal information for various reasons , including to process your registration , your orders and your payments , and to communicate on these and other topics .
For example , we may use your e-mail address or other methods to send newsletters , messages about new Netflix features , Netflix special offers , promotional announcements , consumer surveys and other correspondence and marketing concerning our service .
Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions .
We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our service , including but not limited to : your online activity , title selections , reviews , ratings , payment history , correspondence , Internet protocol addresses , device and software data ( such as type , configuration and unique identifiers ) , instant watching of movies , TV shows and related activity .
We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location , providing localized content , enforcing our terms ( such as determining your eligibility for a free trial ) , providing recommendations on movies & TV shows we think will be enjoyable , personalizing the service and our marketing to better reflect particular interests , tracking your instant-watching hours , determining your Internet service provider , helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyzing , enhancing , administering or promoting our service offering for you and other users .
We may supplement this information with information from other sources , including offline data and your browsing behavior on other sites and interactions with our advertising .
We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties .
We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , movie & TV show ratings , consumption habits , commentary , reviews and other information .
For example , we use movie & TV show ratings and consumption behavior to improve our recommendations to you as well as other users .
While using the Netflix service , you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums .
Please understand that when you post such information , it is made public and is not subject to this policy .
We are not responsible for any third party 's use of information you publicly disclose through our service .
From time to time , we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members .
In conjunction with these partners , we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf , as permitted by law .
You may connect one or more social networks ( such as Facebook ) with your Netflix account .
If you choose to do so , we will collect and use information from your social networking account ( s ) and your use of our social features .
Disclosure of Personal Information
The Netflix companies that access your personal information will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition we use other companies , agents or contractors ( Service Providers ) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you .
For example , we engage Services Providers to provide marketing , communications , infrastructure and IT services , personalize and optimize our service , process credit card transactions , provide customer service , collect debts , analyze and enhance data , including users ' interaction with our service , and process consumer surveys .
In the course of providing such services , these other companies may have access to your personal information .
We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing the services we request of them .
We may offer joint promotions or programs that , in order for participation , will require personal information be shared with third parties .
For example , we may partner with companies that offer incentives , such as frequent flyer mileage awards , if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service .
In fulfilling these types of promotions , we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive .
By participating in such joint promotions or programs , you agree to our sharing of your information .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses .
Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to ( a ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , or governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable terms of use , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Netflix , its users or the public as required or permitted by law .
In connection with any reorganization , restructuring , merger or sale , or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information , including personal information , provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy .
You may elect to share information about your use of the Netflix service , including what you watch , within Netflix as well as on other social networks and in other communications .
Other Websites , Platforms and Applications
The Netflix service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours .
For example , you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as PlayStation systems , Microsoft Xbox , Nintendo Wii , Roku Streaming Player , iPad or iPhone and a number of other Internet connected devices .
While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies , Netflix can not be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms .
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements , notices and terms of use , which we recommend you read carefully .
In addition , you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service .
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service .
In certain jurisdictions , the age of majority may be older than 18 , in which case , you must satisfy that age in order to become a member .
Right to Access Your Information
We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account , including your contact information and your communication preferences in the `` Your Account '' portion of our website .
You must be signed in to access `` Your Account . ''
Cookies and Internet Advertising
Netflix takes information security seriously and uses reasonable administrative , technical , physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access .
For example , we utilize Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process .
Unfortunately , no security system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Accordingly , we can not guarantee the security of your information and can not assume liability for improper access to it .
By using our service , including our website and user interfaces , or providing information to us through any means , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service .
In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service , Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service .
You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box `` Remember me on this computer '' when you login on the website .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account .
Where possible , users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit .
If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device , you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so .
If you do not maintain the security of your password or device , or fail to log out or deactivate your device , subsequent users may be able to access your account , including your personal information .
Changes to This Policy
Netflix may , from time to time , make changes to this Privacy Policy , the Social Terms or About Cookies and Internet Advertising .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately ; provided however , for existing members , such revisions shall , unless otherwise stated , be effective 30 days after posting .
We will endeavor to post prior versions ( including marked changes ) of the Privacy Policy , if any , for the preceding 12-month period .
Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
Therefore , by using Netflix , you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country ( including the United States ) where we have facilities or engage third parties ( including but not limited to payment processors , cloud service or other IT providers , and other companies that provide services to us ) .
You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country .
If you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area , your personal data is controlled by Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l , who is providing the service to you ( address below ) .
Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil , Ltda .
Bernardino de Campos , 98 - 4 andar - sala 36 , Paraiso , Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil .
Otherwise , Netflix , Inc. ( address below ) is providing the service to you and is the data controller ( where applicable ) .
If you have questions concerning your account , please contact Customer Service .
For US , Canadian , Latin American and other non-European customers :
Netflix , Inc. , 100 Winchester Circle , Los Gatos , CA 95032 , U.S.A . Attention : General Counsel .
For European customers :
Netflix Luxembourg S . r.l. , 26 , Boulevard Royal , # 205 L2449 Luxembourg , Attn : Manager .
Last updated : September 11 , 2013

PRIVACY STATEMENT SLASHDOT MEDIA
LAST UPDATED : MARCH 15 , 2013
( Effective Date May 24 , 2008 )
Dice Career Solutions , Inc. and Slashdot Media ( Slashdot Media ) , subsidiaries of Dice Holdings , Inc. , operate the Internet sites SlashdotMedia.com , SourceForge.net , Slashdot.org , feedery.com , and Freecode.com ( the Sites ) .
Slashdot Media is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Sites .
This Privacy Statement applies to each of the Sites and describes the information Slashdot Media collects about users and how that information may be used .
Slashdot Media complies with the United States ( US ) /European Union ( EU ) and US/Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Slashdot Media has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
We self-certify compliance with
SafeHarborLogo-FinalLines copy.jpgTRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
For additional information about what to do if you have questions or concerns about our Safe Harbor program , please see the enforcement section below .
Slashdot Media reserves the right to update and change this Privacy Statement from time to time .
If Slashdot Media makes material changes to its privacy practices , a notice will be posted on this web page .
Each time a user uses the Sites , the current version of the Privacy Statement applies .
Accordingly , a user should check the date of this Privacy Statement ( which appears at the top ) and review for any changes since the last version .
If a user does not agree to the Privacy Statement , the user should not use the Sites .
Slashdot Media has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe program covers information that is collected through the Sites .
Slashdot Media provides this Privacy Statement to make users aware of Slashdot Media privacy practices , and of the choices a user may make about the way the user 's information is collected and used .
Users represent they are of legal age to create binding and financial obligations for any liability users may incur as a result of their use of the Sites .
The Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13 .
Slashdot Media does not knowingly collect , or wish to obtain , personally identifiable information from children .
If Slashdot Media becomes aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has provided personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental or guardian consent , it will remove user 's personally identifiable information from its files .
What information Slashdot Media collects
Slashdot Media may collect three types of information from users of Sites : personally identifiable information , device information about the device you are using to access our site , and aggregate information .
Personally identifiable information is any piece of information which can potentially be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a user of the Sites ( such as name , email address , postal address , telephone number ) .
Device information is information about the device and its attributes ( such as information about how your browser is configured , whether your device has enabled cookies , its Flash settings , the device 's identification number and other characteristics about the device ) ; it also may be personally identifiable information in cases where it is associated with the name or other identifier for a Site user .
We use device information for purposes such as enhancing the user experience .
Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about users of the Sites ( such as frequency of visits to Sites , Site pages most frequently accessed browser type ) .
Aggregate information also may include pages visited along with any navigation and in-page interactions used during each visit .
In-page interactions monitored include : clicks and selections , mouse movement , page scrolling , and form fields focused on ( specific keystrokes entered into each field are not collected ) .
Aggregate information is used in a collective manner and no single person can be identified by that compiled information .
We also use Omniture , comScore and Google Analytics for aggregation and analysis of session information .
If you would like to opt-out of the aggregation and analysis of your session information by Omniture , please see the section about browser cookies below for information about how you can control browser cookies .
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics , Google has developed a tool that works with major internet browsers to permit you to opt-out .
If you opt-out of Google Analytics , and Omniture monitoring , we still may collect some device and aggregate information ourselves through log files as discussed below or in connection with our forms .
On the Sites , users may order products or services , and register to receive materials .
Personally identifiable information collected on the Sites includes community forum content , diaries , profiles , photographs , name , unique identifiers ( e.g. , passwords ) , contact and billing information ( e.g. , email address , postal address , telephone , fax ) , and transaction information .
In order to tailor Slashdot Media 's subsequent communications to users and continuously improve the Sites ' products and services , Slashdot Media may also ask users to provide information regarding their interests , demographics , experience with its products , and detailed contact preferences .
If you chose to use third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook or Twitter , to log into one of our sites that offers that login feature , we may collect information , such as your basic profile information , gender , age , interests , and other demographic and geographical information , from the social networking site you use to interact with our site .
If you do not want to share information from your social networking account with us you can either decline to use these features or check your social networking site 's current privacy setting options to see what options they provide for limiting disclosures when you use login sharing features .
This privacy policy will apply to our use of information collected about you through these offerings .
We do not control the privacy practices of your social networking sites .
As a result , we want you to be aware that when you use these offerings you may be providing information to both us and the social networking site , and you should review your social networking site 's privacy policy to be sure that you know how it will use any data that it collects .
Similarly , if you choose to post content from our site through your social networking accounts , you will be sharing information about your activities with your social networking provider .
Slashdot Media uses web beacons from time to time .
Such web beacons may be provided by Slashdot Media 's third party advertising companies to help manage and optimize Slashdot Media 's online advertising .
Web beacons enable Slashdot Media to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits a Site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to each Site .
For example , when a user visits a web page , the code for the page may include instructions to go to another server to gather a single pixel graphic image .
Web beacons are not placed on a user 's computer .
Slashdot Media uses cookies on the Sites .
A browser or HTTP cookie is a unique text file that may be used for data analysis , and enables a web site to tailor information presented to a user based on a user 's browsing program .
Slashdot Media may use browser cookies to personalize a user 's pages at a Site or Sites , to remember a user when the user registers for products or services , for fraud prevention , or to track visits to a Site or across our Sites .
If a user does not want Slashdot Media or its partners to deploy browser cookies in the user 's browser when the user visits the Sites , the user may set the browser to reject cookies or to notify the user when a web site tries to place cookies in the browser program .
Rejecting cookies may affect a user 's ability to use some of the products , features , functions , or services on our Sites .
Our Sites also may use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our website to personalize your visit .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
The ads appearing on the Sites may be delivered to visitors by third parties , such as Google .
The third party advertising technology that Slashdot Media uses on the Sites uses information derived from a user 's visits to the Sites to target advertising within the Sites .
In addition , Slashdot Media 's advertisers may use other third party advertising technology to target advertising on the Sites .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Sites , our partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on a user 's browser .
Information about users ' visits to the Sites , such as the number of times users have viewed an ad ( but not users ' names , addresses , or other personally identifiable information ) , are used to serve ads to visitors .
The use of cookies enables our partners to serve ads to users based on such user 's visit to Slashdot Media 's sites and other sites on the Internet .
As with other cookies , and consistent with Slashdot Media 's policy on cookies stated above , the user may block or delete such cookies from the user 's drive or memory .
As noted in the Web Beacon discussion above , users also can opt-out of receiving these types of targeted network advertisements from many advertising networks by visiting the National Advertising Initiative website identified above .
For a more detailed discussion , please see Slashdot Media 's Cookies and Opt-Out Choices Statement .
Slashdot Media web servers may automatically log aggregate information , such as a user 's IP address , domain name , browser type , date and time of access , and other log file data .
This information may be used to analyze trends or administer the Sites .
With respect to SourceForge.net , Slashdot Media contracts with third party mirror providers , who deliver integrated communications services , including Internet access services , to deploy mirrors of downloads in order to make file downloading via SourceForge.net faster and more convenient .
The logging practices and other policies of mirror sites may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Statement .
How Slashdot Media uses the information collected
Slashdot Media may use the personally identifiable information a user submits for any purposes related to Slashdot Media 's business , including , but not limited to :
To understand a user 's needs and create content that is relevant to the user ;
To generate statistical studies ;
To conduct market research and planning by sending user surveys ;
To notify user referrals of Slashdot Media services , information , or products when a user requests that Slashdot Media send such information to referrals ;
To improve services , information , and products ;
To help a user complete a transaction , or provide services or customer support to users and to recipients of Slashdot Media products ;
To communicate with the user and with recipients of Slashdot Media products ;
To update users and recipients of Slashdot Media products about services , information , and products ;
To personalize a Site for the user ;
To notify the user of any changes with a Site which may affect the user ;
To enforce terms of use on a Site ; and
To allow the user to purchase products , access services , or otherwise engage in activities the user selects .
User names , identifications ( IDs ) , and email addresses ( as well as any additional information that a user may choose to post ) may be publicly available on a Site when a user voluntarily and publicly discloses personally identifiable information , such as when a user posts personally identifiable information in conjunction with content subject to an Open Source license , or as part of a message posted to a public forum or a publicly-released software application .
Users may not be able to change or remove public postings once posted .
Such personally identifiable information may be used by visitors of these pages to send unsolicited messages .
Slashdot Media is not responsible for any consequences which may occur from the use of personally identifiable information that a user chooses to submit to public pages .
With respect to surveys , in the event that responses are publicly disclosed , users will be notified at the time they take the survey .
Slashdot Media will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users , i.e. , anonymous information that does not identify any specific individual .
Circumstances under which Slashdot Media would publicly disclose such aggregate information include , but are not limited to , sharing survey results with the site population , providing data to Slashdot Media advertisers on user preferences and/or demographics , and publicizing overall usage data in press communications .
Where surveys allow users to submit written comments , and where Slashdot Media advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey , Slashdot Media reserves the right to disclose any information provided by users , provided that no personal information identifying a specific user is disclosed .
Participation in surveys is at a user 's option ; Slashdot Media does not conduct mandatory surveys .
A user makes the decision whether to proceed with activities that request personally identifiable information , such as online contact us and order forms .
If a user does not provide requested information , the user may not be able to complete certain transactions .
Users who use the personally identifiable information of other users agree to use such information only for :
Using services offered through a Site ;
Site transaction-related purposes and not for unsolicited commercial messages ; or
Other purposes that the other user expressly chooses .
Users are not licensed to add other users to a Site , even users who entered into transactions with them , or to their mail lists without consent .
Slashdot Media encourages users to evaluate privacy and security policies of any of the Sites ' transaction partners before entering into transactions or choosing to disclose personally identifiable information .
Slashdot Media will not use the personally identifiable information provided to it online in ways unrelated to the purposes identified in the How Slashdot Media uses the information collected section above without first letting a user know and offering the user a choice .
If a user no longer wishes to receive direct marketing materials , Slashdot Media will provide instructions in its marketing email messages on how to be removed from any lists .
Slashdot Media will make commercially reasonable efforts to honor such requests .
For information about how Slashdot Media may share personally identifiable information , please see the Onward Transfer section below .
Users may have the opportunity to use a service to send electronic mail to another user or email list .
In such cases , a user 's valid email address and real name will be included with such messages .
In order to prevent abuse , users may not opt out of such a display , but may choose to refrain from using such service to transmit an email message .
Slashdot Media sites may offer an email alias service that allows a user to create an email alias that forwards to the user 's personal email account .
Slashdot Media does not publish a user 's personal email address , but does publicize email aliases which may allow an individual to identify or contact a user .
A user who obtains an email alias may not opt out of such publication of the email alias .
Please note , however , in certain cases , such as a bounced-back email message , it is possible that the user 's personal email address could be exposed to other parties to the communication .
Profile or User ID Display
A user 's personally identifiable information may be publicly available through a user 's profile or user ID display .
Depending upon which of the Sites the user visits , the user may have the option to opt out of publicly displaying their real names by changing their display name under the Sites ' user preferences .
Profile or user ID display may allow other users to see a user 's activities , including purchase and sales content , ratings , and comments .
Users may have the opportunity to submit photographs to the Sites for product promotions , contests , and other purposes to be disclosed at the time of request .
In these circumstances , the Sites are designed to allow the public to view , download , save , and otherwise access the photographs posted .
By submitting photographs , users waive any privacy expectations users have with respect to the security of such photographs , and Slashdot Media 's use or exploitation of users ' likeness .
All photographs submitted to Slashdot Media become the property of Slashdot Media and will not be returned .
With whom may Slashdot Media share information
Unless Slashdot Media has a user 's permission , as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement , or as required by law , such as to comply with a subpoena , Slashdot Media will only share the personally identifiable information a user provides online with other entities that are part of the Slashdot Media corporate family and/or outside service providers who may be used to ship products , process credit cards , provide technical support , handle order processing , or otherwise act on Slashdot Media 's behalf .
These third party service providers are prohibited from using users ' information for any other purpose , including their own marketing .
When Slashdot Media uses third parties to assist in processing a Site user 's personally identifiable information , Slashdot Media requires that these third parties establish safeguards to protect the confidentiality of the information that we provide them .
For processing that involves information subject to Safe Harbor , we take steps to confirm that they subscribe to Safe Harbor , are subject to the EU Directive or another adequacy finding , or we enter into a written agreement requiring that they provide at least the same level of protection as required by the relevant Safe Harbor principles .
Sites may share personally identifiable information with third parties for marketing purposes , but will provide users with choices about disclosures of personally identifiable information for marketing purposes .
Please be advised that in certain instances , it may be necessary for Slashdot Media to disclose a user 's personally identifiable information without a user 's permission to government officials or otherwise as required by legal obligations .
Slashdot Media may disclose such personally identifiable information when responding to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise legal rights or defend against claims , including fraud or infringement investigations .
Data collected online may be combined with information a user provides through other means of communication , such as postal mail or third parties to further carry out the purposes described above under the heading How Slashdot Media uses the information collected .
When users choose to provide Slashdot Media with personally identifiable information , users consent to the transfer and storage of such information by Slashdot Media servers in the United States .
In addition , Slashdot Media reserves the right to share aggregate information collected from users of the Sites , without prior notice , with entities that are part of the Slashdot Media corporate family and unrelated third parties .
Aggregate information is used in a collective manner and no single person can be identified by such compiled information .
Slashdot Media may share certain data from SourceForge.net , Freecode.com , Feedery.com , and Slashdot.org with researchers and research organizations for the sole purpose of supporting academic and scholarly research on free and/or open source software .
Slashdot Media may further choose to establish agreements , as in the case of University of Notre Dame , for these parties to act in a clearinghouse capacity and authorize them to share this data with other researchers studying free and/or open source software .
When data from these websites is transmitted to researchers , Slashdot Media makes commercially reasonable efforts to remove personally identifiable information from data fields designed to capture personally identifiable information ( other than user names and information that users have made publicly available through one of the sites ) .
Slashdot Media , however , does not guarantee the complete removal of information that may identify a user , particularly in cases where the user has provided that information in comment fields or other fields not specifically designed for the collection of identifiers .
Slashdot Media may make presentations , white papers and other content from other organizations available to the users of Slashdot Media sites .
To obtain access to this content you may be asked to provide personal information , such as your name and contact information .
This personal information may be shared with the organization that is making the content available and their use of the personal information will be subject to their own privacy policies .
If you choose to make information available to other people through instant messages , status updates , group forum discussions or lists , electronic mail messages , bulletin boards , blog postings , or by joining groups or using other networking functions that we may offer on the Sites ( either our own or through third party applications such as Facebook , Twitter or Linkedin ) , this information will be visible to these third parties .
Please take care in deciding what information you choose to make available through these mechanisms , as we do not control the manner in which recipients or persons who may see the information may use , retain , or re-disclose the information that you choose to provide .
In addition , if you use third party social networking sites to interact with our sites , we may exchange information with those social networking sites .
Whether to use social networking sites to interact with our Sites , when that capability is offered , is your choice .
In addition , you may restrict the sharing of information from your social networking accounts to the extent permitted by your social networking site 's privacy settings .
To purchase services , users may be asked to be directed to a third party site , like PayPal , to pay for their purchases .
If applicable , the third party site may collect payment information directly to facilitate a transaction .
None of this information will be captured or stored by Slashdot Media .
Links to third party web sites
Links to third party web sites or widgets to enable sharing of information through social networks on the Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user .
When a user uses these links , the user leaves the Sites .
Slashdot Media has not reviewed all of these third party sites , does not control , and is not responsible for , any of the third party sites , their content or privacy practices .
Slashdot Media does not endorse or make any representations about the third party sites , or any information , services , or products found on the sites .
If a user decides to access any of the linked sites , Slashdot Media encourages the user to read their privacy statements .
The user accesses such sites at user 's own risk .
SourceForge.net offers web hosting services that permit project teams to share information among developers and end users ( Project Web ) .
The project web services include a pool of web servers which serve project related web content and support common scripting language .
Slashdot Media hosts these web servers , but does not review or control any of the web content , including personally identifiable information , which may be created by project teams ; nor are we liable for any data breach related to a Project Web application .
Web content created by Project Web teams may implement the collection of personally identifiable information ; thus the Project Web teams are responsible for any required breach notification .
Before linking to , accessing or otherwise using the project web services , a user should take those steps necessary , in such user 's discretion , to protect his or her privacy , including not using the Project Web services .
Bankruptcy or Sale of business
Slashdot Media reserves the right to share or transfer personally identifiable information and aggregate information to a third party should Slashdot Media ever file for bankruptcy or in the event of a sale , merger or acquisition of Slashdot Media , provided such third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Statement .
DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
Should a user find inaccuracies in such user 's information , or desire to close an account or view or remove the personally identifiable information Slashdot Media may have regarding the user , the user may contact Slashdot Media through the communication methods described below , or when technically feasible , directly on a Site .
Slashdot Media will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to requests for access , updating or removal within thirty ( 30 ) days of receiving requests .
Slashdot Media may decline to process users ' access , updating or removal requests concerning their personally identifiable information if the requests require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of other users , are inconsistent with our legal obligations , or are impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the appropriate use of information , Slashdot Media implements physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information Slashdot Media collects .
Slashdot Media uses encryption when using the Internet to transfer or receive requested sensitive personally identifiable information .
However , Slashdot Media does not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never defeat measures taken to prevent improper use of personally identifiable information .
Internal Slashdot Media access to users ' nonpublic personally identifiable information is restricted to Slashdot Media 's administrators and individuals on a need-to-know basis .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality agreements .
User passwords are keys to accounts .
We use unique numbers , letters , and special characters for passwords and do not disclose passwords to other people in order to prevent loss of account control .
Users are responsible for all actions taken in their accounts and are responsible to notify Slashdot Media of any password compromises , and change passwords periodically to maintain account protection .
In addition to passwords , SourceForge.net users also obtain encryption keys for the release of files for download , development of web content , and other services .
Users are responsible for all actions taken with encryption keys , and must promptly notify Slashdot Media of any security compromises involving such encryption keys .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
In the event Slashdot Media becomes aware that the security of a Site has been compromised or user 's personally identifiable information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity , including but not limited to security attacks or fraud , Slashdot Media reserves the right to take reasonable appropriate measures , including but not limited to , investigation and reporting , and notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities .
In the event of a data breach , Slashdot Media will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if Slashdot Media believes that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law .
If you have comments or questions about Slashdot Media 's privacy statement , please contact :
Dice Career Solutions , Inc .
Urbandale , IA 50323
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here , or by fax at 415-520-3420 or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .

As a Federal agency , the Privacy Act of 1974 ( 5 U.S.C . 552a ) requires us to protect the information we collect from you .
We respect your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit our website .
We have always treated the privacy of our customers with utmost importance .
In fact , we wrote our first regulation to ensure your privacy .
You may have access to any of the information we collect about you at this site and we will correct any errors you may find .
Our regulation subsection 401.40 provides information on how to get information about you and subsection 401.65 provides information on how to correct information about you .
The Privacy Policy below explains our online information practices .
This policy applies only to the information we collect from you over the Internet .
This policy does not apply to third-party websites that you are able to reach from our website , nor does it cover other information collection practices within the Social Security Administration .
For more information about our privacy practices , please visit our privacy and disclosure webpage .
Our Use Of Web Measurement And Customization Technologies
In order to optimize your experience and provide statistically accurate data about how you use our web site , we use web measurement and customization technologies .
These technologies are commonly known as cookies , but may include other technologies .
We have no plans to implement any other such technology , but will continually review any potential future uses of cookies or other technologies and revise this policy as needed .
When we use such technologies , a small piece of text is sent to your computer along with the web page when you visit a site .
No other web site can access the cookie we set ; your computer will share the information in the cookie only with the computer that sent it .
There are three tiers of these web measurement and customization technologies , as established by the Office of Management and Budget :
Tier 1 Single session .
This technology remembers the online interactions within a single session or visit to a single web site ; they let our server know that a person is continuing a visit to our site and connect the person 's activities for analysis .
Any information related to a particular visit to the web site is deleted from the person 's computer immediately after the session ends .
Tier 2 Multi-session without personally identifiable information ( PII ) .
This type of technology notices when a person returns to a web site and remembers his or her online interactions and preferences across multiple sessions , typically for the purpose of web analytics , but also for customizing people 's online experience .
Tier 3 Multi-session with PII .
This type of cookie is the same as Tier 2 , but back-end web site programming ties it to people 's PII .
We do not , and have no plan to , use Tier 3 cookies .
The purpose of the web measurement and customization technology
We can provide a better experience for you if we understand how you use the site .
To this end , we use Tier 1 technology when you transact business on line with us , such as applying for benefits or changing your address .
We store this session cookie on your computer only during your visit .
The session cookie keeps you and us from losing information you have entered during a business transaction with us .
Once you exit our application , your computer deletes the cookie from your computer .
When you partially complete one of our on-line applications , we provide you with a secure means of returning to your application that does not use any web measurement technology .
We use Tier 2 technology to help us analyze site use by identifying you as a new or returning visitor ; this does nothing other than distinguish whether you have been to our site before .
Our web measurement applications compare the behavior of new and returning visitors in the aggregate to help us identify work flows and trends and also resolve common problems on our site .
We do not use this technology to identify you or any other person .
We use Tier 2 web measurement technology to improve our website and provide a better user experience for our customers .
This technology anonymously tracks how visitors interact with socialsecurity.gov , including where they came from , what they did on the site , and whether they completed any pre-determined tasks while on the site .
This technology is provided by Google Analytics and the information collected is used to optimize our website ; helping us determine top tasks , improve our user interface and diversify our content offerings to meet the needs of our customers .
No personally identifiable information is collected , so the anonymity of the end user is protected .
The measurement data that is collected is only retained for as long as is needed for proper analysis and optimization of the website and is accessible only to employees whose position necessitates it .
Since disabling this web measurement technology requires modifying individual browser settings it is enabled by default .
Please note that opting-out in no way effects your access to content within socialsecurity.gov or how you see the site .
We also use Tier 2 technology on our Open Government page hosted by IdeaScale to make your login easier , prevent anonymous abuse of the service , and ensure fair voting .
We also maintain pages on Facebook and YouTube , both of which use Tier 2 technology .
We will update our policy as necessary should we extend our use of these technologies in other similar services .
In the future , we plan to make it possible for you to customize your online experience with us by saving your website preferences .
While we are not presently offering such an option , Tier 2 technology is the usual way of providing for such a service .
The usage Tier , session type , and technology used
We implement Tier 1 ( Single session ) and Tier 2 ( Multi-session without PII ) technologies using the text-based cookie technology .
The nature of the information collected
We collect information to distinguish between new and returning visitors and track aggregate visitor participation in surveys , outreach , or public interaction
The purpose and use of the information
We collect this information to optimize your experience on our website and to collect statistically accurate data about your use of our web-site .
Whether and to whom we will disclose the information
We use the information we collect using these technologies only for SSA program purposes , and disclose only to SSA employees or contractors for those program purposes .
The privacy safeguards applied to the information
We will comply with all applicable statutes and policies in regards to protecting the privacy and security of information we collect using a web measurement or customization technology .
The data retention policy for the information
We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable .
Whether we enable the technology by default or not and why
In order to optimize your experience and provide statistically accurate data about use of our web-site , the technologies we describe above are enabled by default .
We will review any future additional use of these technologies and change this policy statement accordingly before implementing additional uses of the technologies .
How to opt-out of the web measurement and/or customization technology
Statement that opting-out still permits users to access comparable information or services
Should you choose to opt-out , we will always make comparable information or services available to you .
You should be aware that changing the settings in your browser to block cookies will affect your interactions with any other web sites that use cookies .
The identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process
We currently use Tier 2 technology on our Open Government page hosted by IdeaScale , as well as on our YouTube and Facebook pages .
There are a number of Tier 1 technologies used by SSA .
WebTrends is a web-based reporting tool for our internet and intranet applications and informational pages activities .
Our WebTrends data collection is purely internal to SSA 's computers ; the data collected is not shared with , or stored on , WebTrends ' servers .
WebSphere is a similar tool that tracks a user 's session within an application .
Tivoli is an application that keeps track of the authenticated user and maintains a user 's session on the firewall .
Some third party social media sites we use may utilize web measurement and customization technologies , however these technologies are not used on behalf of SSA , and are solely used for the third party 's own purposes .
In addition , some pages on SSA.gov may include web content or functionality from third parties , such as embedded videos hosted by non-SSA.gov services .
Other Information We May Collect
All personal information you provide to us is voluntary .
We may collect personal information about you ( such as , name , e-mail address , Social Security Number , or other unique identifier ) only if you specifically and knowingly provide it to us .
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information and other information only as necessary to administer our programs .
The information you provide will be used only for that purpose .
We do not sell the information collected at this site , or any other information we collect .
You do not have to give us personal information to visit our website .
We may share the information you provide with our employees or representatives with a need-to-know , other Federal agencies ( for example , Railroad Retirement Board , or the Department of Veterans Affairs ) , or other named representatives as needed to expeditiously process your request or transaction .
In a government-wide effort to combat security and virus threats , we may share some information we collect automatically , such as your Internet Protocol address , with other Federal government agencies .
Also , Federal law ( such as , the Privacy Act and Social Security Act ) may require us to share the collected information for other purposes .
More information about how we share information can be found in our Privacy Act Notices of Systems of Records .
How We Use Your Personal Information
Throughout our website , we will let you know if the information we ask you to provide is voluntary or required .
By providing your personal information , you give us consent to use the information only for the purpose for which it was collected .
We describe those purposes when we collect information .
We will ask for your consent before using the information you provide for any secondary purpose other than those required by Federal law .
We are especially concerned about protecting children 's privacy .
Therefore , we comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) .
COPPA and its accompanying Federal Trade Commission regulation establish United States Federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet .
We encourage parents and teachers to involve themselves in children 's Internet explorations .
We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13 .
Our Kids ' Place page does not require children to provide any information that could personally identify them .
If , however , a child chooses to provide personally identifying information to us , through an e-mail or otherwise , we will only use it to respond to the inquiry and we will not retain it .
The Internet was originally designed as an open system with no built-in security ; however , we are required to protect the information we collect and maintain about you and will not use the Internet to do business with you unless we can do so in a secure manner .
We will take reasonable precautions to maintain the security , confidentiality , and integrity of the information we collect at this site .
We take the following steps to secure the information we collect .
Employ internal access controls to ensure that the only people who see your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties .
Train appropriate personnel on our privacy and security policies to know requirements for compliance .
Secure the areas where we retain paper copies of the information we collect online .
Perform regular backups of the information we collect online to ensure against loss .
Use technical controls to secure the information we collect online including , but not limited to :
Secure Socket Layer ( SSL )
Periodically test our security procedures to ensure personnel and technical compliance .
Employ external access safeguards to identify and prevent unauthorized tries of outsiders to hack into , or cause harm to , the information contained in our systems .
When we use contractors to perform various website and database functions .
We make sure that the agreement language with the contractor ensures the security , confidentiality , and integrity of any personal information the contractor may have access to in the course of contract performance .
We suggest that you do not send personal information to us via email .
We will only send you general information via email .
Electronic mail messages that meet the definition of records in the Federal Records Act ( 44 U.S.C . 3101 et seq . ) are covered under the same disposition schedule as all other Federal records .
This means that emails you send us will be preserved and maintained for varying periods of time if those emails meet the definition of Federal records .
Electronic messages that are not records are deleted when no longer needed .
Our website contains links to international agencies , private organizations , and some commercial entities .
These websites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy , security , or accessibility polices .
Once you link to another site , you are subject to the policies of that site .
All Federal websites , however , are subject to the same Federal policy , security , or accessibility mandates .
The Social Security Administration ( SSA ) uses third party social media sites to increase transparency , encourage public collaboration with SSA , and in general make our content available in other formats or forums .
While we do moderate comments or opinions made on third party social media sites , we do not collect , maintain , or disseminate any personally identifiable information made available to SSA by those sites or users of those sites .

Welcome to SoundCloud , a service provided by SoundCloud Limited ( SoundCloud , we our , us ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , store , use and disclose your personal information when you use soundcloud.com and m.soundcoud.com ( together , the Website ) , our mobile and desktop apps ( the `` Apps '' ) and all related sites , players , widgets , tools , apps , data , software , APIs and other services provided by SoundCloud ( the Services ) .
This Privacy Policy explains the following , amongst other things :
Our principles with respect to your data and your privacy
The information we collect about you
How we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
How we use cookies and similar technology
Your choices with respect to your personal information
How to contact us regarding privacy issues
By using the Website , the Apps or any of the Services , and in particular by registering a SoundCloud account , you are consenting to the use of your personal information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy .
For your convenience , information relating to our use of cookies and similar technologies is set out in a separate Cookies Policy .
The Cookies Policy forms part of ths Privacy Policy , and whenever we refer to the Privacy Policy , we are referring to the Privacy Policy incorporating the Cookies Policy .
Please take some time to read this Privacy Policy ( including the Cookies Policy ) , and make sure you are happy with our use and disclosure of your personal information .
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy , you should not use the Website , the Apps or any of the Services .
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Website , the Apps and the Services ( together , the Platform ) .
When using the Platform , you may find links to other websites , apps and services , or tools that enable you to share information with other websites , apps and services .
SoundCloud is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites , apps and services and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of each of these websites , apps or services before connecting your SoundCloud account or sharing any personal information .
We have a pretty simple approach to data protection and privacy , which can be summarised as follows :
You should know exactly what we do with your data
This Privacy Policy is designed to give you full transparency regarding our data protection practices .
You should have full control over your data
We 've designed the Website to give you control over the information you publish and share using SoundCloud and other sites and services to which you connect your SoundCloud account .
Please take full advantage of these tools and make sure you only share what you want to share .
Information we collect about you
We collect personal information about you from various sources :
Information provided by you
You do n't need to provide us with any personal information in order to visit the Website .
However , certain Services do require that you register for a SoundCloud account and , by doing so , you will provide us with certain personal information :
Essential Information : When you register any kind of SoundCloud account , you will need to provide your email address and choose a password .
In addition , if you register a premium account , you will also need to provide your real name , address and payment verification information .
Profile Information : You may choose , at your discretion , to provide additional information for your public profile on SoundCloud for example :
a user name ( which may be your real name or a pseudonym )
the city and country in which you live
a profile picture or avatar
information about how you categorise yourself with respect to your content ( for example , whether you are a musician , a label or some other category of creator )
details of your other websites and social media profiles , including links to those websites and profiles
None of this profile information is mandatory , and any information you do provide may be deleted , edited , changed or amended by you at any time .
For more information , see the Choice and Control section below .
Information from Correspondence : You will provide certain personal information if you contact us by email , use any of the webforms on the Website , or contact us by mail , fax or other offline means .
Survey Information : If you participate in any survey , you will provide certain personal information as part of your response , unless you respond anonymously .
Information that you post : You may provide personal information when you upload sounds to the Platform , or when you post comments , or contribute to community discussions .
Information we collect automatically
There is certain information that we collect automatically as the result of your use of the Platform , or through the use of web analytics services as described in our Cookies Policy .
This information includes :
the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the device from which you access the Platform ( this can sometimes be used to derive the country or city from which you are accessing the Platform )
the site that you visited immediately prior to visiting the Website
the specific actions that you take on the Platform , including the pages that you visit , streaming or downloading sounds , uploading or recording sounds , connecting your Facebook or Google+ account , sharing a track with another user , following or unfollowing another user , joining or leaving a group , posting a comment , or performing a search
any search terms that you may enter on the Website
the time , frequency and duration of your visits to the Platform
your browser type and operating system
the nature of the device from which you are accessing the Platform , for example , whether you are accessing the Platform from a personal computer or from a mobile device
information collected through cookies and similar technology , as described in our Cookies Policy
information regarding your interaction with email messages , for example , whether you opened , clicked on , or forwarded the email message
Information from Other Sources
SoundCloud allows you to sign up and log in using your Facebook account .
If you sign up using Facebook , Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with SoundCloud .
This includes your first name , last name , gender , general location , a link to your Facebook profile , your timezone , birthday , profile picture , your `` likes '' and your list of friends .
This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook 's privacy policy .
You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account .
If you sign up to SoundCloud using Facebook , your SoundCloud account will be connected automatically to your Facebook account , and information regarding your activity on SoundCloud , specifically any new public sounds that you post on SoundCloud and any new favourites , will be shared with Facebook and will be published in your timeline and your Facebook friends ' newsfeeds .
If you do not wish to share your SoundCloud activity with your Facebook friends , you can control this from the Settings page on the Website for more information , see the Choice and Control section below .
You can sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Google+ account .
When you sign up using Google+ , Google will ask your permission to share certain information from your Google+ account with SoundCloud .
This includes your first name , last name , a link to your Google+ profile , your profile picture , and your list of friends .
This information is collected by Google and is provided to us under the terms of Google 's privacy policy .
If you sign up to SoundCloud using Google+ , by default information regarding your activity on SoundCloud will be visible on Google to everyone in your Google+ circles and shared with Google according to Google 's terms of service and Google 's privacy policy .
For more information on how to manage the activities you share back to your Google+ account , see Google 's support page .
You can manage who from your Google+ circles sees your SoundCloud activity from within your Google+ App settings page .
If you want to control the type of SoundCloud activity that is shared with your Google+ circles , you can do this from the settings page of your SoundCloud account under the Connections tab .
How we use your personal information
We use the information that we collect about you for the following purposes :
Your email address and password are used to identify you when you log into the Platform .
Any additional information that you provide as part of your public profile , such as your real name , and links to your website and other social media profiles ( but not your email address ) , will be published on your profile page .
This information will be publicly accessible and may be viewed by anyone accessing the Website , or using our API or other Services .
Please bear this in mind when considering whether to provide any additional information about yourself .
If you subscribe to a premium account , your name , address and payment verification information will be used to process your account subscription and to collect your payment .
All payment verification information is transmitted using industry-standard SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encryption .
SoundCloud also complies with the Payment Card Industry Security Standards .
Your email address will be used to send you service updates and notifications regarding your account , and ( if you have elected to receive them using your account preferences ) newsletters , marketing messages and certain email notifications .
For information about how to change your preferences , and to unsubscribe from newsletters , marketing messages and email notifications , please see the Choice and Control section , below .
If you are a Facebook user , and one of your Facebook friends registers for a SoundCloud account , we will suggest to your Facebook friend that you might be someone they may wish to follow on SoundCloud .
If you are a Facebook user and sign up using Facebook , we may also use the information we receive about you from Facebook to suggest or connect you to users that you may wish to follow on SoundCloud .
It will be up to you if you choose to follow these users and you can unfollow them at any time .
If you are a Google+ user , and one of your Google+ friends registers for a SoundCloud account , we will suggest to your Google+ friend that you might be someone they may wish to follow on SoundCloud .
If you are a Google+ user and sign up using Google+ , we may also use the information we receive about you from Google to suggest or connect you to users that you may wish to follow on SoundCloud .
It will be up to you if you choose to follow these users and you can unfollow them at any time .
Your personal information is also used for the following general purposes :
To operate and maintain your SoundCloud account , and to provide you with access to the Website and use of the Apps and any Services that you may request from time to time .
To identify you as the creator of the sounds that you upload , the comments that you post and/or the other contributions that you make to the Platform .
To seek your participation in surveys , and to conduct and analyse the results of those surveys if you choose to participate .
To provide you with technical support
To provide other users with data regarding people streaming and downloading their sounds .
To analyse the use of the Platform , and the people visiting the Website and using the Apps and Services , in order to improve SoundCloud .
To respond to you about any comment or enquiry you have submitted .
To customize your use of the Platform and/or the content of any email newsletter or other material that we may send to you from time to time .
To prevent or take action against activities that are , or may be , in breach of our Terms of Use , Community Guidelines or applicable law .
For other purposes , provided we disclose this to you at the relevant time , and provided that you agree to the proposed use of your personal information .
Sharing of your personal information
We will not share your personal information with any third party , except as described in this Privacy Policy ( including our Cookies Policy ) .
There are circumstances where we may need to share some of the personal information we collect about you or which you provide to us - these circumstances are as follows :
Other Users : Any personal information in your public profile ( other than your email address ) will be accessible by other users of the Platform , who may view your profile information , listen to and comment on any of your public sounds , add themselves to your list of followers , and send you messages .
If you listen to any sounds uploaded by a premium user , the fact that you have listened to those sounds will be shared with that premium user , so that they can track the popularity of their sounds .
Similarly , if you comment on any sounds on the Platform , your comments will be available to all users of the Platform .
With your consent : We will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so .
We will make this clear to you at the point at which we collect your information .
Service Providers : We use certain reputable third parties , some of whom may be located outside of the European Economic Area , to provide us with certain specialized services related to the Platform .
These third parties will have access to certain information about you , but only where this is necessary in order for those third parties to provide their services to us .
Where we transfer personal information to these third parties , we ask and require these third parties to implement appropriate organisational and technical security measures to protect against unauthorised disclosure of personal information , and only to process personal information in accordance with our instructions and to the extent necessary to provide their services to us .
Users of our API : SoundCloud has an open API , which enables application developers to integrate elements of the Platform into exciting new apps .
Some of these developers may be located outside of the European Economic Area .
Any personal information that you choose to make public on the Platform , including your public profile information and any public sounds , may be accessible to these developers .
Please bear this in mind when deciding what information to publish on your profile .
For information on how to limit the information that is available over the API , please see the Choice and Control section below .
Other networks and connected apps : If you choose to connect your SoundCloud account to other apps or social networks such as Facebook , Google+ , Tumblr or Twitter , you will be sharing certain information with these apps or networks .
In the case of Facebook , Google+ , Tumblr or Twitter , any new public sounds that you post or listen to on SoundCloud or any new favourites will be shared to those networks and will be visible to your followers and friends on those networks .
In the case of connected apps , you will need to provide the app developer with full access to your SoundCloud account in order to upload and download sounds , or comment on , favourite or repost sounds from within the app .
This will mean sharing your public information , plus access to your private sounds .
SoundCloud is not responsible for these other apps or networks , so please make sure you only connect your account with apps or services that you trust .
For information on how to control the information that your share , and how to disconnect your account from other networks or apps , please see the Choice and Control section below .
As aggregated data : We may aggregate your personal data with similar data relating to other users of the Platform in order to create statistical information regarding the Platform and its use , which we may then share with third parties or make publicly available .
However , none of this information would include any email address or other contact information , or anything that could be used to identify you individually , either online or in real life .
If required by law : We will disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that we are permitted or required to do so by law , including in response to a court order , subpoena or other legal demand or request .
To protect our interests : We may disclose your personal information if we feel this is necessary in order to protect or defend our legitimate rights and interests , or those of our users , employees , directors or shareholders , and/or to ensure the safety and security of the Platform and/or the SoundCloud community .
In the context of a business transfer : We may transfer your personal information to any person or company that acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of SoundCloud , or on a merger of our business , or in the event of our insolvency .
Cookies and similar technology
In common with most websites , we use cookies and other standard Internet technologies to help us improve the Website and the Apps and Services we provide .
We have included information about our use of cookies and similar technology in a separate Cookies Policy that forms part of this Privacy Policy .
The Cookies Policy also includes information about how you can block or disable third party cookies ( which we only use for the purposes of analyzing the use of our Platform and optimizing the content on our Platform ) , and how to opt out of other technologies such as bug reporting within our mobile apps .
We have done our best to provide you with as much information as possible about our use of cookies and similar technology .
If you choose to use the Platform without blocking or disabling these cookies or opting out of other technologies as described in our Cookies Policy , you will indicate your consent to our use of these technologies and to our use ( in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy ) of any personal information that we collect using these technologies .
We do our best to give you as much choice as possible regarding the amount of personal information you provide to us , and the control you have over that information .
It is not necessary for you to provide us with any information in order to visit the Website , although certain information will be collected automatically by virtue of your visit ( as described above ) .
However , if you do decide to register a SoundCloud account , you can control your personal information in the following ways .
Check out the Email tab within your Settings page on the Website .
When you are logged in to your account , you can access your Settings by clicking on your profile picture at the top of the screen , and selecting Settings from the drop down menu .
From the Email tab you can tell us :
which email notifications ( if any ) you would like to receive from us ; and
any additional or alternative email addresses that you may wish us to use to communicate with you .
You can also turn off email notifications from the Account page within your Settings .
This will immediately disable all email notifications , other than essential account notifications such as important service updates , reports of copyright infringement and other essential information relating to your account and your use of the Platform .
It is also possible to unsubscribe from email newsletters and notifications ( other than essential account notifications ) at any time by clicking on the link at the end of each email .
Sharing with other apps and networks
The Connections tab within your Settings on the Website enables you to control the information you share with other networks and applications .
As well as selecting those of your social networks you wish to share to , you can also control access to other services and applications to which you have connected your SoundCloud account .
If you sign up for SoundCloud using your Facebook or Google+ account , your SoundCloud account and your Facebook or Google+ account respectively will be connected automatically .
Information regarding the public sounds that you post , listen or favourite on SoundCloud , will be shared with the connected Facebook or Google+ account .
Content that you share with Facebook will appear on your timeline and in your Facebook friends ' newsfeeds .
Content you share with Google will be seen by the people from your Google+ circles when they visit your Google+ profile , make relevant Google searches , on Google-served ads , and the services selected in your Google account settings .
If you do not want this information shared with Facebook or Google , please change your Settings .
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party sites or applications , and we can not control the activities of those sites or applications .
You are advised to read the privacy policies of those sites or applications before sharing your information with , or connecting your SoundCloud account to , any of these third party sites or applications .
Sharing with other users
SoundCloud is a very social place , but if you would prefer to browse the Website anonymously , you can do so by checking the Anonymous Listening box in the Account tab within your Settings on the Website .
By checking this box , other users will not be able to see the sounds that you listened to , but we will still have access to this information .
If any of your sounds contain any personal information , you can control who has access to these sounds using the settings in the sound page ( click on the pencil icon in the waveform player for the relevant sounds ) .
By setting your sounds to private , rather than public , you can limit who has access to your sounds .
Sharing with app developers
SoundCloud has an open API , which allows third party developers to build some really cool apps as an extension of the Platform .
If you would prefer that your sounds are not made available to third party app developers , you can disable API access within the sound page for each of the sounds that you upload .
Click on the pencil icon in the waveform player , and uncheck the Apps enabled box at the bottom of the page .
Please note that your public profile information will still be accessible , but this does not include anything that this not publicly available on the Website .
Information on how to block or disable cookies is included in our Cookies Policy .
You can use the settings within our iOS device or within the Android app to opt-out of analytics tracking and bug reporting .
For the opt-out , if you are using our iOS app , go to the settings of your iOS device and open the SoundCloud tab .
With an Android device you need to open the SoundCloud app and open the basic settings tab within .
From there you can simply disable analytics and/or bug reporting to stop any analytics data or bug reporting information being sent from the app .
Further information is available in our Cookies Policy .
You can delete your account from the Account page within your Settings on the Website at any time .
Please bear in mind that , if you delete your account , all data associated with your account , including the sounds that you have uploaded and the usage data associated with those sounds , will be deleted and may not be recoverable .
You are therefore advised to copy or back up all content uploaded to your account before you delete your account .
Even if you delete your SoundCloud account , it is possible that your information may still show up in some internet search results for a short while afterwards , if the search engine maintains a temporary cache of web pages .
Search engines ' caching processes are outside of SoundCloud 's control and therefore we can not be responsible for any information that remains cached by search engines after that information has been removed from the Platform .
Please note that deleting any SoundCloud Apps , or any third party apps to which your SoundCloud account is connected , will not delete your SoundCloud account .
If you wish to delete your account , you will need to do so from the Account tab in your Settings on the Website .
Similarly , if you delete a third party app that is connected to your SoundCloud account over our API , this will not necessarily delete all data from within that third party app .
You will need to refer to the app provider 's terms of use and privacy policy to find out how to delete your data from that third party app .
Access to your Data
As described above , most of the personal information you provide to us can be accessed and updated in the Settings page of your SoundCloud account .
If you ask us to delete your account ( either via the Settings page or by email ) , we will do so within a reasonable period of time , but we may need to retain some of your personal information in order to satisfy our legal obligations , or where we have a legitimate reason for doing so .
SoundCloud is based in Europe , and your personal information is collected , stored , used and shared in accordance with European laws .
However , from time to time , it may be necessary for us to transfer your personal data to the United States .
You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not be equivalent to the laws in your country , and by using the Platform , you consent to the transfer , storage and processing of your personal information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law .
SoundCloud is not intended for use by children .
Anyone under the age of 13 is not permitted to use the Platform and must not attempt to register an account or submit any personal information to us .
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register an account .
If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13 , we will delete this information as quickly as possible .
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy , and when we do so , we will also revise the Effective Date set out below .
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will always be available here so that SoundCloud users are always aware of what information we gather , and how we might use and share that information .
Please be sure to check back here from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated to registered users by a notification to their account and/or by posting a notice of the change on the Website .
Greifswalder Str . 212-213
Attention : Legal Department
Do n't want to give us your information
If you decide that you do not want us to use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy ( including our Cookies Policy ) , please do not use the Platform .
If you have already registered an account , you can find out how to terminate or cancel your account here .

Who We Are and What This Is
The Stack Exchange network is a set of Q & A sites dedicated to providing high-quality questions and answers , with the modest goal of making the Internet a better place .
It is owned and operated by Stack Exchange Inc .
We really , truly care about your privacy .
We may joke around , but we mean it .
We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously , and are committed to protecting it .
To do that , we 've set up procedures to ensure that your information is handled responsibly and in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws .
We 're grateful for your trust , and we 'll act that way .
This will teach you what info we collect and how we use it .
If you wanted to learn to play the keytar , you 're in the wrong place .
This privacy policy describes what information we collect when you visit the network , how we use that information , and what choices we offer you to access , update , and control it .
This version of the policy is effective as of June 28 , 2012 .
We follow the strict Safe Harbor Framework that complies with the EU and Swiss privacy requirements .
We have chosen to comply with the principles of the Safe Harbor Framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission and the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland , except where limited by any legal , regulatory , ethical or public interest considerations .
Personal information can potentially identify who you are .
Personal information is any information that we could use to identify an individual .
It does not include personal information that is encoded or anonymized , or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public information .
Sensitive information can identify specific private attributes , such as ethnicity , health info , criminal history , or trade affiliations .
Sensitive personal information , is information that meets the personal information criteria and also a ) reveals race , ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership , or b ) concerns health or sex life , information about social security benefits , or information on criminal or administrative proceedings other than in the context of pending legal proceedings .
How We Collect Information
We collect information two ways : Information we get from your use of the network , and information you provide to us directly .
Your web browser tells us stuff like your approximate location and how you use the site .
It also bakes us yummy cookies .
Information we get from your use of the network is primarily non-personally- identifying information of the sort that web browsers , servers , and services like Google Analytics* typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the time of each visit .
Other non-identifying information that we might have access to includes how you use the service ( e.g. , search queries ) , your approximate location , cookies , etc .
We try to use this non-personal info to help make better Q & A sites , and to destroy spam .
We eat the cookies .
We collect this non-personally identifying information in order to better understand how visitors use the service and where possible , to improve their experience .
For instance , we may monitor the most common content on the network to help identify spam .
In some cases , we may publicly display information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate , ( e.g. , by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the network , ) or may provide it to third parties .
Your browser also gives us your IP address , which could identify you , but we do n't use it to do that .
When you use the network , we also collect potentially personally identifying information in the form of Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
But we do n't use that information to identify you , and we handle and disclose these addresses in the same way we handle other potentially personally identifying information as described below .
If you register an account , you may need to give us your email and other personal info , but we 're not the boss of you and ca n't make you .
Information you provide to us directly .
Certain visitors to the network choose to interact with it in ways that may require them to provide us with personally identifying information .
The amount and type of information that is provided depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who sign up for stackoverflow.com to provide a username and email address .
Employers who engage in financial transactions with careers.stackoverflow.com are asked to provide additional information , such as the personal and financial information required to process those transactions .
We use a payment gateway to protect financial information we collect online , and we only collect as much information as is necessary or appropriate given the type of interaction .
We do not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below .
And you can always refuse to supply personally identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain activities .
The non-identifying content of a service request may be made public .
You want to help , do n't you ? If you send us a request , such as emailing us for support , we reserve the right to publish it ( absent any personally identifying information ) in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or help other users .
If you do n't like cookies or have other dietary restrictions , please tell your browser .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
We use cookies to help us track visitors ' use of the network and their preferences .
If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer , you should set your browser to refuse cookies , but should be aware that certain features of the network may not function properly without them .
Our servers live in the United States .
So , if you send us your info , that 's where it 's going .
If you are outside the United States , you should know that any personally identifiable information you enter into the network will be transferred out of your country and into the United States , and possibly to other countries .
By using the network , you consent to such transfer , and are representing that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country .
If you 're under 13 , we want to mind our own business , not yours .
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information , we 'll delete it .
Information You Choose to Display Publicly on the Network
If you decide to post personal information in the public parts of our sites , it 's um , public .
Some users may elect to publicly post personally identifying or sensitive information about themselves in their normal use of the network .
This could occur through use of the optional profile fields , in question or answer posts , or when an individual posts a job history on the Careers site .
Information like that , which is voluntarily posted in publicly visible parts of the network , is considered to be public , even if it would otherwise be considered to be personally identifying or sensitive .
As such , it is not subject to the protocols listed below , because we do n't control it ; you do .
Additionally , voluntarily publicizing such information means that you lose any privacy rights you might normally have with regards to that information .
It also increases your chances of receiving unwanted communications , like spam .
Information You Give to Other People
We 're not responsible for any information you give other websites we link to .
Sort of like how your TV maker is n't responsible if you buy a lousy product , even if you saw it in an awesome commercial .
This Policy only applies to information collected by Stack Exchange .
It does not apply to the practices of companies that we do n't own or control , or employees that we do n't manage .
The network contains links to third party websites , and any information you provide to those sites will be covered by any privacy policies they may have .
Please be sure to read the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit .
It is those sites ' responsibility to protect any information you give them , so we ca n't be held liable for their wrongful use of your personally identifying information .
How We Use Information We Collect
We will tell you what we 're collecting , what we 're doing with it , and when we might share it with others .
( Almost never , unless you ask us to . )
Notice Notice is what this privacy policy that you 're reading is all about .
You are reading it , right ? It 's important ! When we collect your personal information , we 'll tell you how we 're using it , any types of third parties to which we might disclose it , ( other than moderators or agents , such as vendors or contractors , who are only processing such information for us or at our direction ) , and the choices we offer you to limit the use of your information .
We 'll tell you all this stuff as soon as you register .
Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when you are first asked to provide us with personal information , or as soon as practicable thereafter , and we 'll notify you before we use the information for something other than the purpose for which it was originally collected .
If we change this policy , we 'll update this document to keep you in the loop .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , we may occasionally need to change this policy .
If we do update it , we 'll notify you either by posting the new policy on the network or by emailing you the changes or a link to the modified document .
( See the Choice section below for information about how we 'll notify you if we change our policy regarding sensitive information . )
In any case , the way we use information you provide will be covered by the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected .
We mostly use your information to customize and improve your ( and others ' ) experience .
Here are some of the ways we may use personal information you provide us :
To allow you to register for our web sites , online communities and other services , and to administer and process those registrations
To communicate with you about our products , services and related issues
To evaluate the quality of our products and services , and to enhance your experience on our web sites
To help employers find or contact users who post profiles on the Careers site
To maintain and administer our web sites and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies
To transfer information to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal , regulatory , compliance , or auditing requirements
Choice Choice is all about making sure you have the ability to control how we share your personal information with others .
We almost never share any of your personal information with non-agent third parties , with one exception , where you basically are asking us to do so :
If you post a profile on Careers , employers can see your name , and if you apply for a job , we give them your contact info .
( Because they ca n't hire you if they ca n't contact you . )
Users who post profiles on our Careers site are generally doing so for the express purpose of getting connected with potential employers .
So , if you post a profile on our Careers site , and choose to make your profile visible to employers , your name ( which is required ) and most of the other ( optional ) information in your profile will be visible to employers searching for candidates .
That said , your contact information ( email , phone , and address ) will not be provided to employers in their candidate searches .
We will only allow employers to have access to your contact information in two cases , both of which are under your control :
If you apply directly for a specific job , you will be asked to provide your name and email address ( and other optional information ) to the employer
If an employer finds you through a search and wants to contact you , we will ask if you are interested in hearing from them , and if you are , we will then provide them with your contact information .
Outside of when you apply for job listings , we do n't share your personal info with anyone .
That could theoretically change in a merger , etc . but the buyer would still be bound by these rules .
Other than on Careers , we wo n't share your personal information with non-agent third parties unless we are required to do so by law , or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property , rights or those of third parties or the public at large .
It is possible that we may , on occasion , buy or sell assets from or to other companies .
If that should occur , user information is typically one of the assets that get transferred .
Similarly , if Stack Exchange or most of its assets were acquired , or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy , user information could be transferred or acquired .
You should be aware that such events can occur , and that if it does , the buyer may continue to use your personal and non-personal information , but only as set forth in this policy .
Other than in these rare circumstances , Stack Exchange will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying information to anyone .
In the unlikely event that we should need to collect and transfer your sensitive information , we 'll ask first .
It 's hard to imagine that we would ever consider collecting , let alone sharing , sensitive information with a non-agent third party , but if such a day should come , we will first give you the opportunity to explicitly consent ( opt-in ) to such disclosure or to any use of the information for a purpose other than the one for which it was originally collected or previously authorized .
If you give us your email , we may email you .
But probably not very often .
We 're busy , too .
If you are a registered user of the network and have supplied your email address , we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with the network .
We generally use the network to communicate this type of information , so we expect to keep this type of communication to a minimum .
If we do send you information that you did not expressly request , we will provide you with a way to request that you do n't get any similar notices ( opt-out ) .
Anyone that has access to your info will be required to treat it like we do .
Onward Transfer Prior to providing agents with any personal information , we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard it in accordance with this policy .
Examples of assurances that may be provided include :
A commitment that they will handle in the information in accordance with this policy , or will provide the same level of protection , as required by the Safe Harbor Principles , subject to EU Directive 95/46/EC ( the EU Data Protection Directive ) ;
Safe Harbor certification by the agent , or being subject to another European Commission adequacy finding .
In the unlikely event that we should discover that an agent is using personal information in way that conflicts with this policy , we will take all reasonable steps to stop them immediately .
We promise to work hard to keep your info safe , and to restrict who can access it .
Security All records containing personal or financial information are considered to be our property and are afforded confidential treatment at all times .
We work hard to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration or destruction of personal or financial information .
All such electronic information is stored on restricted database servers , and is generally kept until such time as you may ask us to edit or delete it , as described below .
We only disclose such information to our employees , agents or affiliates that a ) need to know that information in order to process it for us or to provide other services , and b ) have agreed not to disclose it to others .
We want to keep your data accurate and up to date , so Data Integrity In addition to assuring you that we will protect your personal information , we also want to make sure that it is reliable , accurate , and up-to-date .
In order to do that , we provide :
we 'll provide it to you to review .
Access Upon request , we will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information we collect about you .
Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your information as permitted by the Safe Harbor Principles .
Additionally , there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide .
For example , we may limit an individual 's access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual 's privacy or where doing so would violate others ' rights .
Enforcement We will conduct internal audits of our compliance with this privacy policy , including an annual self-assessment .
Our employees take your privacy as seriously as we do , and we will take all reasonable measures against any employee found to be in violation of this policy .
If you have any concerns about your privacy , we genuinely want to know about it .
We will work hard to investigate and resolve any complaints you might have .
In the really , really , super-unlikely event that we ca n't help , you can contact eTrust .
We hope it wo n't ever come to this , but if you 've already contacted us and feel that your complaint can not be resolved between the two of us , we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures established in the Safe Harbor Principles regarding personal information received from the EEA .
For such escalated disputes , you can contact eTrust at 616 Corporate Way , Suite 2 , # 4000 , Valley Cottage , NY 10989 .
How to Contact Us
We 're here if you need us .
Our Data Protection Officer is Michael Pryor .
Who writes letters ? Like with stamps and stuff ? Ugh .
Written Inquiries can be sent to :
Stack Exchange , Inc .
110 William St , 28th Floor
New York , NY 10038
Employees ' & Prospective Employees ' Information
Working here rocks .
We have insanely great health insurance , reimburse employees ' gym membership , and give employees free transportation by unicorn transit cards .
This section covers any ways in which personal information we collect from employees or applicants might be treated differently than user information .
You can probably stop here if you not an employee or interested in applying for a job with Stack Exchange .
But maybe you should be interested : Who would n't want to work with an amazingly talented team dedicated to making the Internet a better place to get expert answers to questions , especially at a company with free lunches , top-notch benefits , and a CEO who has literally written the book on how to make great workplaces for building amazing software .
And if you do , be sure to review the following non-comprehensive list of ways that we may use information provided to us by employees or applicants :
If you do work or apply to work here , here 's how we handle your personal information .
The lawyers say I have to remind you again that you really need to read the long version on the right .
Which hurts my feelings a little , but is still probably good advice .
Responding to inquiries in connection with prospective employment at Stack Exchange , and processing employment applications
Carrying out human resources functions like training , career / succession planning , administering contracts , evaluating employees , and providing benefits
Enabling Stack Exchange and its employees to contact each other by telephone fax , e-mail or snail mail
Administering compensation , bonus and other employment needs
Arranging employees ' travel plans
Maintaining building security and employee health and safety
Running internal administrative analytics , such as staffing , headcount and statistics initiatives
Complying with our legal obligations , policies and procedures
Transferring personal information to others as required by our legal , regulatory , compliance and auditing needs

At StatCounter we are heavily committed to your privacy .
Maintaining the privacy and integrity of your account is of paramount importance to us .
If you would like to see our privacy policy include something else , then please get in contact with us .
StatCounter.com respects the privacy and rights of its visitors .
No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge .
When a visitor requests pages from the StatCounter.com site , our Web servers automatically log the browser 's domain name , and IP address .
This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals .
Personally identifiable information such as visitor 's name , telephone number , postal address and email address are technically impossible for StatCounter to collect and no attempt is made to do so .
The information that is recorded consists of the date and time of visit , ip address , browser ( e.g . Firefox 3.5 ) , operating system version ( e.g . Windows XP ) , screen resolution ( e.g . 800x600 ) , referring link , the current page url and the current page title .
To enable StatCounter.com to track whether a visitor has been to your website before ( i.e . a first-time or returning visitor ) we send a cookie to your visitors ' computer .
This information is collected solely to improve the service we offer to you and statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals .
StatCounter.com maintains a strict `` no-spam '' policy .
Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party .
The misuse of StatCounter.com to track unsolicited bulk mailings or fraudulant websites will not be tolerated ( spam & phishing ) .
Any account which is found to be engaged in such activities will be closed immediately .
We despise spam .
We believe people who send spam should spend time in prison for wasting the world 's time .
If you come across a spam or phishing site using StatCounter.com , please contact us with the URL of the offending page , or with a copy of the spam email message , and we will take appropriate action .
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions without notice by posting the changes to our Web site .
We or you may terminate your account and remove your site from our database at any time for any reason .
The following types of sites are NOT allowed to participate in StatCounter.com : sites encouraging illegal activity or racism , sites providing instructions or discussions about performing illegal activities , sites that promote or utilize software or services designed to deliver unsolicited email , or any other sites we deem to be inappropriate .
You agree not to change the StatCounter.com counter code that you will insert on your site .
You have read our copyright notice and terms and conditions and you agree to them .
Users acknowledge and agree that their Web site information ( site name , URL , traffic counts , etc . ) may be utilized by StatCounter.com .
Possible uses include ( but are not limited to ) a directory of the sites using our service , general promotional uses , etc .
You agree to use our services at your own risk .
Our services are provided on an `` as is '' and `` as available '' basis .
You agree that you have made your own determination regarding the usefulness of the service .
We disclaim all warranties including , but not limited to , warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
We are not liable for damages , direct or consequential , resulting from your use of the service , any failure to provide service , suspension of service , or termination of service .
We do not guarantee the availability of the service .
You agree not to hold us responsible for data loss or interruption of service of any kind .
We retain ownership and all rights to StatCounter.com logos , trademarks , software , trade secrets , databases , reports , and Web site .
If this agreement is terminated by us or by you for any reason , you agree to remove our code , logos and trademarks from all of your Web sites and other items .
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND , INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS , LOSSES , LIABILITY COSTS AND EXPENSES ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEY 'S FEES ) ARISING FROM YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY THIRD-PARTY 'S RIGHTS , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INFRINGEMENT OF ANY COPYRIGHT , VIOLATION OF ANY PROPRIETARY RIGHT AND INVASION OF ANY PRIVACY RIGHTS .
THIS OBLIGATION SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT .
OUR LIABILITY WILL NOT EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SERVICES .
We both own the data regarding visitors to your Web site that we collect .
You can use the data we provide for any legal purposes .
We will use the data in compliance with our privacy policy .
This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Republic of Ireland without regard to its conflict of law principles .
Venue for any dispute under this Agreement will be Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
You may print and download portions of material from the StatCounter.com website .
We retain ownership and all rights to StatCounter.com logos , trademarks , software , trade secrets , databases , reports , and Web site .
If this agreement is terminated by us or by you for any reason , you agree to remove our code , logos and trademarks from all of your Web sites and other items .
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND , INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS , LOSSES , LIABILITY COSTS AND EXPENSES ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEY 'S FEES ) ARISING FROM YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY THIRD-PARTY 'S RIGHTS , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INFRINGEMENT OF ANY COPYRIGHT , VIOLATION OF ANY PROPRIETARY RIGHT AND INVASION OF ANY PRIVACY RIGHTS IN ANY MEDIA NOW KNOWN OR HEREAFTER DEVELOPED .
You also grant to StatCounter.com the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising , marketing and promotional material related thereto .
You agree that you shall have no recourse against StatCounter.com for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communications to StatCounter.com

Whenever You use this website , you will be subject to the Privacy Statement in force at all times , and You should review that text in order to check that You are in agreement with it .
The provision of your data is voluntary , however , please note that if You do not provide us with the required personal data , we may not be able to provide the information , products or services You need or process your request .
Personal data You provide will be kept in a file under the responsibility of ITX FASHION LIMITED ( `` ITX '' ) for the purposes of :
the performance and enforcement of the purchase and sale contract over the products You have purchased , or of any other contract between You and us ; and
attending to Your requests .
You have the right to access and correct your personal data and request information about our data protection policies and procedures .
To fulfill the purposes above , we are required to disclose the information that You have provided to us to other companies in the Inditex Group located in Spain ( with activities , both online and in-store , related to the sectors of decoration , textiles , finished clothing products and home decoration , other complimentary sectors such as cosmetics and leather goods , as well as the development and support of e-commerce business ) which ITX forms part , and Industria de Diseo Textil , S.A. ( Inditex , S.A. ) , the holding company of the Inditex Group with registered address at Avenida de la Diputacin , Edificio Inditex , 15142 Arteixo ( A Corua ) , and we understand that by providing information in this website or otherwise to us , You expressly authorize us to disclose and process your information as described .
We also intend to use your name , email address , address or phone number to send you commercial communications ( both online and in-stores ) about decoration , textile , finished fashion , homeware and furniture , cosmetics , leather goods , lingerie , underwear , accessories , fragrances products and services of Zara and/ or of any other brands/companies belonging to the Inditex Group , including those with activities related to the development and support of e-commerce business .
Zara may share your personal data with any other companies within the Inditex Group who provide decoration , textile , finished fashion , homeware and furniture , cosmetics , leather goods , lingerie , underwear , accessories , fragrances products and services , as well as the development and support of e-commerce business for direct marketing purposes .
required before we do so .
You can withdraw your consent by writing to the above referred address/e-mail of ITX FASHION LIMITED .
You can change your preference in respect of receiving such communications by logging into the MY ACCOUNT section of this website and editing your preferences .
You can unsubscribe at the Newsletter section .
The user ( You ) hereby guarantees that the personal data provided is true and accurate and undertakes to notify any change or alteration to the same .
Any loss or damage caused to the website or to the person responsible for the web-site or to any third person through the provision of erroneous , inexact or incomplete information on the registration forms will be the exclusive responsibility of the User .
Cookies : We use cookies in this website , small text files with information on your navigation in this site whose principal objective is to improve your experience in the website .
You can find further information on the cookies that we use , their purpose and other information of interest in the section Information on cookies .
By accepting this privacy policy you consent to the use of the cookies used in this website and which are described on the previously indicated page .
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows You to refuse the setting of cookies .
However , if You select this setting You may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or unable to avail of any of our services .
Unless You have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will issue cookies when You log on to our site .
What is a cookie ?
A cookie is a small text file that a website places in your PC , telephone or any other device , with information on your navigation in that website .
The cookies are necessary to facilitate navigation and to make it friendlier and they do not damage your computer .
Although in this policy the general term cookies is used since it is the principal method of storing information that this website uses , the browser 's `` local storage '' space is used for the same purposes as the cookies .
In this regard , all the information included in this section is also applicable to this `` local storage '' .
For what are cookies used in this website ?
The cookies are an essential part of how our website functions .
The principal objectives of our cookies are to improve your navigational experience .
For example , the cookies help us to identify you ( if you are registered in our website ) , to remember your preferences ( language , country , etc . ) during the navigation and in future visits , to manage the shopping cart , to allow you to carry out on-line purchases , etc .
The information collected in the cookies also allows us to improve the website , by means of estimates on the numbers and patterns of use , the adaptation of the website to the users ' individual interests , the improved speed of the searches , etc .
For what are the cookies NOT used in this website ?
We do not store sensitive information of personal identification such as your address , password , credit card data , etc. , in the cookies that we use .
Neither do we use the cookies to guide advertising to our users according to your navigation nor for other advertising aims , not ours or of third parties .
Who uses the information stored in the cookies ?
The information stored in the cookies of our website is used exclusively by us , with the exception of that of Google Analytics , which are used and managed by Google and by us for statistical aims , and the Payment Operation Analysis cookie , which is generated exclusively when a purchase is made , and it is analyzed by an external company with the objective of offering sufficient guarantees on the payment operations performed .
Can the use of cookies be deactivated ?
Yes , the cookies can be deactivated .
However , if you select this configuration , you might not be able to access certain parts of our website , it may cause less efficient navigation and you can not take advantage of some of our services .
If you prefer to restrict , block or erase the cookies from this website , you can do so by modifying your browser 's configuration .
Although the parameterization of each browser is different , the configuration of the cookies is usually done in the `` Preferences '' or `` Tools '' menu .
For more details on the configuration of the cookies in your browser , consult its `` Help '' menu .
What specific cookies use this website and for what purposes ?
Below is a table with the cookies used by this website along with the purpose of each of them :
Identification and authentication cookies
These cookies are used to identify the user during the session , avoiding the user having to repeat authentication processes in the website and accelerating some processes of the website .
TITLE OF THE COOKIES
TECHNICAL NAME OF THE COOKIES
WC_AUTHENTICATION_ < userid > , WC_USERACTIVITY_ < userid >
They are used to identify and authenticate the user .
They also contain technical data of the user 's session , such as , for example , connection timeout , session identifier , etc .
JSESSIONID , `` Local storage ''
It is common in all the web applications to identify a user 's petitions in a session .
These cookies serve for the user 's navigation during the session , remembering the selections made , the pages of our website already visited , etc .
TITLE OF THE COOKIES
TECHNICAL NAME OF THE COOKIES
They store the session values selected by the user such as the store , language , currency , etc .
With WC_PERSISTENT various sets of identifiers can exist if the user visits more than one store ( country ) .
It permits remembering the selected store ( country ) by the user during navigation and purchase .
It permits remembering the filter established by the user in the grid of products during navigation and purchase .
It allows remembering the last category seen by the user .
`` Local storage ''
They store information on the mini-shopping cart of purchases , as well as the identification information of the user associated with this shopping cart .
It allows identifying the start of the session for the
loading of the web page .
The cookies allow remembering certain user selections in the following accesses to the web page .
TITLE OF THE COOKIES
TECHNICAL NAME OF THE COOKIES
It allows the favorite stores of the user in subsequent accesses to the web page .
It allows the last store ( country ) visited by the user in subsequent accesses to the web page .
This cookie permits remembering the last products seen by the user for subsequent accesses to the web page .
Cookies for navigation analysis
These cookies obtain generic information on the user 's accesses to the website ( not to its content ) in order to provide us subsequently with aggregated information of these accesses for statistical purposes .
TITLE OF THE COOKIES
TECHNICAL NAME OF THE COOKIES
It is used to know the origin of a user upon reaching a page of this website , for example , if it comes from a page of product detail from a product grid , from the search engine or from an external website .
Google Analytics ( third-party cookie )
__utma , __utmb , __utmc , __utmd , __utmv , __utmz
They allow monitoring the website by means of the Google Analytics tool , which is a service provided by Google for obtaining information of the accesses of the users to the websites .
Some of the data saved for subsequent analyses are : number of times a user visits the website , dates of the first and last visit of the user , duration of the visits , from what page the user accessed the website , what search engine the user used to reach the website or what link he clicked on ,
from what place of the world the user accesses , etc .
Cookies for purchase analysis
These cookies allow compiling information on the device from which the purchase is made in this website for the purpose of verifying that these operations offer sufficient guarantees for the clients .
At no time do these cookies include sensitive information such as credit card data .
TITLE OF THE COOKIES
TECHNICAL NAME OF THE COOKIES
Purchase device ( third-party cookie )
It allows identifying solely the device ( PC , telephone , etc . ) from which the purchases are made in this website for its subsequent analysis with the purpose of being able to offer our clients sufficient guarantees in the purchase operations .
The information contained in this cookie is collected by an external company in order to conduct these analyses .
NOTE : In the above table the information that is not stored exactly in a cookie but rather in the browser space called `` local storage '' , but whose processing and purpose is similar to that of a cookie is identified as `` local storage '' .
This list will be updated with the greatest speed possible as the website services change that are offered on this website .
However , occasionally during this updating it could occur that the list no longer includes a cookie , although it always deals with cookies with identical aims as those that are recorded in this list .

Valve Corporation and Valve S.A.R.L ( collectively , Valve ) respect the privacy of its online visitors and users of its products and services .
Valve recognizes the importance of protecting information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy to inform users about how Valve gathers , stores , and uses information derived from their use of Valve products , services and online sites .
This policy is current as of its last revision date .
However , please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy .
Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy .
By using Valve 's online sites , products , and services , users agree that Valve may collect personally identifiable information ( as defined below ) .
Valve will not share personally identifiable information with other parties except as described in this policy .
Valve may also collect aggregate information and individual information .
`` Aggregate information '' is information that describes the habits , usage patterns , and demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user .
`` Individual information '' is information about a user or user 's machine that is presented in a form distinguishable from information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to communicate directly with any user .
Valve may share aggregate and individual information with other parties without restriction .
`` Personally identifiable information '' is information that can be used to uniquely identify a user , such as name , address or credit card number .
You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information in connection with the use of Valve 's products , services and online sites .
While Valve collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis , for certain products and services Valve 's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to the product or service or to process a user 's order .
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is used internally by Valve to develop , deliver and improve our products , content and services .
In addition , Valve may allow third parties performing services under contract with Valve , such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services , to access and use personally identifiable information , but only to the extent necessary to provide those services .
Valve will not share personally identifying information with third parties for marketing purposes .
Valve may use personally identifying information provided by users to send information about Valve , including news about product updates , contests , events , and other promotional materials , but only if the users agree to receive such communications .
In some situations , personally identifiable information that users input in connection with their use of Steam may be available to other users of Steam .
For example , during the creation of a Steam account , Valve collects a user 's email address and username , and at the user 's option , first and last name .
Some of this information is searchable and available to other users within Steam .
Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users via Steam or other Valve software , such as in multiplayer chat or other public functions .
External websites and companies with links to and from Valve 's online sites and products may collect personally identifiable information about users .
Third party publishers may also collect personally identifiable information as a requirement of accessing their games or content .
Valve 's privacy policy does not extend to these external websites and companies or third party publishers .
Please refer directly to these companies and websites regarding their privacy policies .
Valve may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information .
In the event of a reorganization , sale or merger we may transfer personally identifiable information to the relevant third party .
Children Under The Age of 13
Valve will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under .
Valve encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online .
Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us .
Cookies and Other Information on a User 's Machine
Valve 's products , services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags .
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user 's hard drive to customize a person 's use of a product or online site , keep records of a user 's access to an online site or product , or store information needed by the user on a regular basis .
Use of cookies is typically associated with websites .
For example , when you sign in to Steam , Valve stores your user id and a combination of your IP address and time of login as a cookie on your hard drive .
This cookie allows you to move from page to page without having to sign in again on each page .
Similarly , if you enter information during your session , such as age verification data , this will be stored as a cookie and you will not have to re-enter such information during that session .
We may also use third party web site analytic tools that employ cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning use of our websites , such as referring web site addresses , page views and browser types .
Valve also stores information on a user 's hard drive that is used in conjunction with use of Valve 's products and services .
This includes a unique authorization key or CD-Key that is either entered by the user or downloaded automatically during product registration .
This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve 's products , services and third party games .
Information regarding Steam billing , a user 's Steam account , a user 's Internet connection and the Valve software installed on a user 's computer is uploaded to the server in connection with the user 's use of Steam and Valve software .
Valve software automatically generates and submits to Valve bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Valve software , services or Steam games .
This automatically generated bug report information may include information about other software or hardware on a user 's system .
Valve does not associate and store the automatically generated bug report information with personally identifiable information .
Any bug reporting information manually submitted by users ( e.g . through Valve 's Bug Reporter form ) is associated and stored with personally identifiable information .
Chat Forums , Etc
Valve 's products or services may provide chat , forums , bulletin boards , or instant messaging tools to users .
Any information that is disclosed in chat , forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information , and users who message one another may not know each other personally .
Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions .
Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums .
Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play ( e.g . player name and current player statistics ) is public information and may be displayed to other users .
Valve gives users the option to receive promotional email communications from Valve .
Users may opt out of these communications .
Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Valve will be provided in email communications to users .
Storage and Security of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information provided to Valve by customers in the EU is controlled by Valve S.a.r.l , with place of business set out below .
Valve Corporation acts as the data processor on behalf of Valve S.a.r.l .
Personally identifiable information provided to Valve will be collected , processed and stored by Valve Corporation in the United States .
Valve has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us , including , but not limited to , setup of processes , equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information .
Valve Corporation complies with the Safe Harbor framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union relating to the transfer and processing of personally identifiable information .
Corrections , Updates and Removal of Personally Identifiable Information
If you are concerned about the accuracy of personally identifiable information maintained by Valve or wish to review , access , amend or correct it , or would like your personally identifiable information removed from Valve 's records or otherwise deactivated , please contact us here .
We may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or are extremely impractical .
If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy , or the privacy practices of Valve , please contact us here .
You may also contact Valve Corp. or Valve S.a.r.l . at the addresses below .
Bellevue , WA 98004
Regus City Center Suite 227
Revision Date : August 1 , 2012

Coastal Research Group has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The Coastal Research Group is the sole owner of the information collected on The Student Doctor Network .
The Student Doctor Network collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site .
In order to use some sections of this Web site , you must first complete the registration form and create a user name and password .
During registration you are required to give contact information ( such as email address and age ) .
We use this information at the time of registration to ensure validity of member registrations .
Protecting the privacy of young children is important to us .
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on our site from persons under 13 years of age .
If we learn that a person less than 13 years of age has been collected on our site , then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this account .
We are a member of their affiliate program .
All information collected on this site is governed by Amazon.com 's privacy statement :
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
The Student Doctor Network does not store this information .
We use the personal information you supply us , including your registration data , to enhance our services ; fulfill your requests for products , programs , or services ; and personalize your experience .
We also use other information obtained from user site traffic patterns to better provide you with a personalized experience .
The Student Doctor Network uses the information described above to do , among other things , the following :
Personalize and enhance the site and service such as providing you with information we believe will be of interest to you .
We may also use the information we collect to develop summary reports for our advertisers .
An example of a summary report might be 100,000 people clicked on this advertisement .
We provide this information to assist our advertisers in determining how to promote their products .
We do not tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements .
Information that you provide while using products such as SDN Forums and SDN Chat is available for all to see .
Discretion should be used in entering Personally Identifiable Information within such forums , as it may be collected by third parties .
The Coastal Research Group does not actively associate the message content entered by our users in SDN Forums , or SDN Chat with those users ' registration information .
Our server computers will retain this information .
It is available for distribution to law-enforcement agencies acting under subpoena power .
See Legal Disclaimer below .
Communications from the Site
We will occasionally send you email messages from the SDN Forums .
We only send information that you specifically request during registration at the SDN Forums .
This includes , but is not limited to , Private Message notifications , subscribed thread notifications , system updates and birthday greetings .
You may indicate when you register whether or not you would like to receive messages from our Web Administrator as described above .
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
You may not opt-out of receiving these communications .
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email only .
We store information that we collect through cookies , log files , and clear gifs to create a profile of your preferences .
We do not tie your personally identifiable information , or your purchasing history , to information in the profile .
We do not share your individual profile with other third parties .
However , we may share information from your profile in aggregate form only with potential or existing advertisers or potential or current partner organizations .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Aggregate Information ( non-personally identifiable
We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our advertisers .
This information does not identify individual users .
This includes , but is not limited to , age , gender , education status .
We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information .
Sharing of Information with SDN Partners or Affiliates
You have the option to opt-in to receive email from SDN partners or affiliates .
If you choose this option , we may share your email address with those organizations .
We will put in place reasonable restrictions to maintain proper use of your personal information by such providers .
We DO NOT Share Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties who are not agents or service providers .
We use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders ( for example SDN T-Shirts ) .
We use PayPal who will bill you for goods purchased on their site and when donating to SDN .
You will be directed to the PayPal.com Web site in these cases , and PayPal 's privacy statement will govern the collection and use of personally identifiable information during this process .
These companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes except order fulfillment .
They may not use it for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
As is true of most Web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information .
IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to allow us to ban guests that repeatedly violate our terms of service and/or usage policies .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do link the information we store in cookies to personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We do this to allow you to remain logged-in while using the SDN Forums , Wiki , Classifieds and My SDN Space .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help file .
Cookies are used to enhance your experience at the SDN Forums .
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords , so you do n't have to enter it more than once .
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site .
If you reject cookies , you may still use our site , but your ability to use some areas of our site , such as the SDN Forums , will be limited .
Some advertisers use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by this site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
See the Third Party Advertisers section .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs
We employ , and/or our third party advertising partner , Google , may employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
Some of the ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by Google , our advertising partner .
Google may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by The Coastal Research Group such as Amazon.com and PayPal.com .
Please be aware that we , The Coastal Research Group , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
Links from this site are monetized through VigLink.com .
VigLink may receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information such as IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving your use of the Site , the Software and/or the Services .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
Forums and Chat Rooms
If you use the SDN Forums or SDN chat room on this site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
However , use of information for these purposes is a violation of our SDN Forums Usage Policies .
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us through our contact form .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can contact us through our contact form .
In the event The Coastal Research Group goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another organization , or distribution of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred .
You will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information .
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us at :
26 Pinecrest Plaza # 262
Southern Pines , NC 28387
Or use our contact form at :

The Information We Collect
How We Use the Information
Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our Commitment to Security
Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information
Special Note for Parents
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy
European Union Privacy Information
For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand
This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada .
Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the `` Apps '' ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the `` Services '' ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice .
The Information We Collect
Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information .
We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services .
For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines .
At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information .
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest .
We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request .
They may contact you with special offers of possible interest .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account .
If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a `` letter to our editors '' or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us .
You hereby consent to this .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc .
We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf .
Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person .
Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here .
Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ . )
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties .
Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place `` cookies '' on your computer or device .
Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information .
We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered .
Local Shared Objects : Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies , . also may be stored on your computer or device .
Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way .
Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings .
HTML 5 : HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities .
This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users .
Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past .
Web Beacons : Our websites may also use small pieces of code called `` web beacons '' or `` clear gifs '' to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above .
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf .
These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information .
We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content .
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) .
We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information .
Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction : ( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws .
Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity .
Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the `` Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information '' section above .
Special Note for Parents
The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children .
For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc .
The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc .
Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :
Attention : Consumer Affairs
3000 University Center Drive
Tampa , Florida 33612-6408
This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 .

Privacy & Cookie Policy
Updated 16 August 2013
Introduction & Who We Are
PPIOM and PPOL are wholly owned subsidiaries of Paddy Power plc. , of Power Tower , Belfield Office Park , Beech Hill Road , Clonskeagh , Dublin 4 , Ireland .
Paddy Power plc . and all entities within its group of companies shall be referred to herein as `` Paddy Power '' .
1.2 Together , the Websites , the Betting Apps , Dial-a-Bet and Text Betting are referred to collectively herein as the `` Paddy Power Services '' .
Together , Paddy Power Services and the Additional Gaming Services ( as defined in the Paddy Power Remote Gambling Terms & Conditions ) are referred to collectively herein as the `` Services '' .
1.4 All customers who registered for any of the Services prior to 8 March 2010 are registered and transacting with PPIOM .
All customers that register for any of the Services on or after 8 March 2010 are registered ( or will be registering , in the case of new customers ) and transacting with PPOL .
1.5 This Privacy and Cookie Policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you or that you provide to us will be processed by us .
Paddy Power has created this Privacy and Cookie Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our Websites and customers of our Services .
We are committed to ensuring that all Services and activities made available through our Websites are provided in a safe and secure environment .
Acceptance of Privacy and Cookie Policy
2.1 Your use of the Services will constitute acceptance of the then current Privacy and Cookie Policy , to include any amendments thereto .
Please read this policy carefully to ensure that you understand our views and practices regarding the capture , retention , processing and transfer ( where applicable ) of your information .
If you do not agree to accept and be bound by the Privacy and Cookie Policy , please discontinue your use of the Services .
Changes to Privacy and Cookie Policy
3.1 Paddy Power reserves the right to amend the Privacy and Cookie Policy at any time .
Any such revision will be binding and effective immediately on posting notification of such changes on the Website .
The date on which the then current Privacy and Cookie Policy came into force will be as stated at the top of this Privacy and Cookie Policy .
Please check this Privacy and Cookie Policy frequently for updates .
Information we may collect about you
4.1 We collect information about you during the account registration process for any of our Services .
This information may include , but is not limited to your name , postal address , e-mail address , phone number , credit/debit card details and any other mandatory details as might be requested from you for the purpose of registration and/or continued use of our Services .
4.2 We may also collect and process the following data about you during the course of your use of our Services :
( a ) if you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence ;
( b ) your entry details for a competition or promotion ;
( c ) details of your visits to our Services and the resources and webpages that you access including , without limitation , traffic data , location data and other communication data ( including IP address ) .
We do not extract any personal information ( e.g . email address or name ) that may be in a web browser 's user preference file ;
( d ) technical information relating to the device that you use to access our Services ;
( e ) information and communications on forums on the Websites , including chat rooms and message boards ;
( f ) information we collect using cookies stored on your device about how you use our Services and/or selected third party websites .
For more information on cookies please refer to section 8 below ;
( g ) where you communicate or share information with Us or other users of our Services through player forums , message boards , profile comments , in-game challenges and chat messaging with game operators or other users ;
( h ) your telephone conversations - either to place a bet or a customer service call - these may be recorded both to assist us in training and in quality management , and to allow for the speedy resolution of queries ; and
( i ) your betting , gaming , payments and other account transactions these are routinely analysed so as to assist us in improving the Services we provide to you .
You acknowledge and consent to the recording and retention of such information for these purposes .
4.3 Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly record or retain any personal information from such individuals .
In the event that we inadvertently gather personal information in relation to a minor , we will take reasonable measures to promptly close any relevant accounts and remove any records where possible , other than such information as will allow us to identify and prevent future access from such individuals .
How we use your information
5.1 The information that we collect is used by Us in order to process your transactions and requests and for any other purposes set out herein .
This processing includes , in certain circumstances , the transfer of your information to our third party data processors who assist with the performance of certain Services or elements thereof .
Your information may be processed in the following ways :
( a ) for general account management and processing of your transactions via your banking service provider ;
( b ) for the provision of betting services ;
( c ) to help identify you ;
( d ) to verify your age and accuracy of your registration details , including disclosure of such information to third parties e.g . financial institutions and third party reference agencies ;
( e ) to serve appropriate and tailored marketing material and content via SMS , email , phone , push notification , post or otherwise , in accordance with your marketing preferences ;
( f ) to help diagnose system problems and to administer our Website ;
( g ) to gather broad demographic information about you , such as determining whether you are a user from outside the UK ;
( h ) to monitor and improve our Services ;
( i ) to carry out customer research , testing and analysis ;
( j ) to carry out risk management ;
( k ) to detect and report fraud , cheating and money laundering ; and
( l ) to enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements .
Facebook In-Play App - Use , sharing and notification of your information
6.1 As with any social network , please be aware that the Facebook In-Play App involves the sharing of certain data with the rest of the community in that network .
6.2 For users of the Facebook In-Play App we may also collect and process , as allowed by you through the Facebook App authentication process , certain additional information from Facebook , including ;
( a ) Your first and last name ;
( b ) Your profile picture or its URL ;
( c ) Your user ID number , which is linked to publicly available information as name and profile photo ;
( d ) The user ID numbers and other public data of your friends ;
( e ) The login email you provided to Facebook when you registered ;
( f ) Your physical location and that of your access devices ;
( g ) Your likes and your friends likes ;
( h ) Your gender ; and
( i ) Your date of birth .
6.3 For users of the Facebook In-Play App we may also share or notify your information , as authorised by you through the App and Facebook settings , through a number of features within the App and via auto-posting to your Facebook profile .
The App may restrict the quantity of notifications that are posted on a daily basis so each In-Play activity may not automatically be posted to your profile .
Notification types will include , but are not limited to :
( a ) Bet placement ( including those where a free bet is used ) ;
( b ) Bet win ( including single and multiple bets ;
( c ) Challenges submitted , won and lost ;
( d ) New followers ; and
( e ) Player profile heat index changes .
6.4 We consider elements of the data outlined in 6.2 and 6.3 above to be public information , which may be accessed by the rest of the community , including your friends , followers or other users of the App .
However , we also treat certain other information as private , which will never be visible or accessible to the rest of the community .
This private information includes your account balance , bet stake amount , winning or loss amount for any bet .
6.5 Any user of the App can choose to follow you .
Where someone chooses to follow you , you will receive an individual notification to this effect within the App .
You do not have the ability to restrict or control which individuals are permitted to follow you .
Your followers , friends and other users of the In-Play App will have the ability to access your In-Play profile and public information including details of challenges , awards , heat index , your position on leaderboards , a limited view of your betting history , competition standings and achievements .
7.1 As part of the initial account registration process you are provided with an opportunity to record your marketing preferences .
We endeavour at all times to respect these and not send you communications in contravention of your wishes .
7.2 Where you have agreed to receive such communications we may use your information and personal details to contact you with marketing messages by SMS , email , phone , post or otherwise .
We will do this during the period of your relationship with us and , unless specifically instructed otherwise by you , for a reasonable period of time after the relationship has ended in order to inform you about products , services , promotions and special offers which we feel may be of interest to you .
These marketing messages will provide you with information about our own products and services and information about products and services provided by our selected partners and third parties .
7.3 With your consent we may also send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates , communicate offers , promotions and other relevant messages .
You can manage push notifications from your device 's settings page for the relevant App .
7.4 You can opt out from receiving or opt in to receive such marketing communications in future by contacting our support team through one of the options available in our Help Centre .
You will also be able to opt out by following the respective unsubscribe or opt out mechanisms detailed in our electronic communications .
8.1 Certain information about you , including personal information , may be collected through the use of cookies when you use our Services and/or visit selected third party sites .
Some of these cookies are essential for the Websites to operate and ensure that we provide the services you requested .
By using our Services you agree to the use of certain non-essential cookies unless you set your browser to reject them .
8.2 A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computers hard drive or browser .
We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number of purposes including but not limited to :
tracking the duration of visits and content accessed ; and
storing frequently used user information to personalise your online experience and ease the log-in process .
8.3 Set out below is an indicative list of the types of cookies we use :
Cookie type Purpose More information
Visitor ID Cookie An anonymous identifier used to recognise a visitor across visits .
It may be used to identify repeat visits and analyse cross visit behaviour .
Tracking Cookie An account related ID used to recognise customers and maintain your session on site .
It may be used to link site usage information with transactional information when analysing and optimising the user experience .
Customisation Cookie Used to customise your experience A unique ID used to recognise you as a returning visitor and customise your experience on our Websites .
Testing Cookies Anonymous cookie used to randomly serve variants of content and to maintain a visitor 's view of that content .
It may also be used to record a variants performance in achieving goals such as helping visitors to register
Analytics Cookies These are used to collect information about how visitors use our Websites .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Websites .
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form , including the number of visitors to the Websites , where visitors have come to the Websites from and the pages they visited .
8.4 You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies .
However , if you use your browser settings to block all cookies ( including essential cookies ) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Websites .
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our Site .
8.5 Please note : Due to certain technical constraints the Paddy Power site ( s ) can not recognise any cookie preferences in Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 .
In order for your browser level cookie preferences to be detected please access our site ( s ) from an alternative browser .
Sharing and Transfer of Information
9.1 Paddy Power may share customer information with trusted third parties in order to create a safer environment and to enhance the end-user experience .
9.2 In order to prevent fraud , cheating and money laundering we may disclose your information and betting and gaming history to third parties including , but not limited to , any relevant regulator , gaming and sporting bodies , financial institutions and law enforcement agencies or any other body that deals with the investigation of alleged offences .
9.3 We may disclose your personal information to third parties if some or all of our assets are acquired by a third party , in which case personal data held by us may be one of the transferred assets .
9.4 We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation .
9.5 Paddy Power plc operates businesses in multiple jurisdictions some of which are not located in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws .
We may from time to time transfer your data from one Paddy Power company to another one or to one of our authorised service providers for customer service , business management or for any of the purposes described herein .
We will ensure that each Paddy Power company and their service providers process your information under strict contractual instruction , in a secure manner and in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy .
10.1 Paddy Power recognises that online security is an area of vital importance for all our customers .
It is imperative that you should have full confidence that your personal details are secure before you register an account .
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and to prevent unlawful processing , accidental loss , destruction and damage .
Paddy Power uses at least 128 bit SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) encryption when transmitting sensitive information across the internet , which is certified by Thawte .
This means that all personal and financial information sent to and from the Website are encrypted in accordance with good industry practice .
10.2 In order to protect both ourselves and our customers from identity theft we may verify the information you have provided with our banking institutions over secure lines .
Again this is carried out in accordance with our data protection obligations .
10.3 Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites , you are responsible for keeping the password , as well as any means to manage the password such as a registered email address , secure and confidential at all times .
10.4 As the security of all communications via the internet is not completely secure Paddy Power can not guarantee the security of any information that you disclose online .
You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and Paddy Power will accept no liability for any direct , consequential , incidental , indirect , or punitive losses or damages arising out of such an occurrence .
10.5 While Paddy Power follows best practice , including but not limited to implementing administrative , technical and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft and misuse you should also take personal steps to protect the security of your data both physically and electronically by following common best practice procedures such as :
( a ) running Anti-Virus software and keeping it up to date ;
( b ) applying operating system , web browser and other security updates ;
( c ) ensuring your PC or other device is not left unattended whilst logged into our Websites ; and
( d ) using strong passwords for all Services and logins .
Accuracy and Access to Information
11.1 You are entitled and we require you to have any inaccurate information corrected so please ensure that you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by logging into the My Account ' section of your online account and amending your Contact Details ' section or by contacting our support team through one of the options available in our Help Centre .
11.2 You also have a right to request a copy of any personal information that we hold about you .
Should you wish to make such a request you should contact us in writing at : Paddy Power Plc , Power Tower , Belfield Office Park , Beech Hill Road , Clonskeagh , Dublin 4 , Ireland marked Data Access Request .
You should include adequate information to identify yourself and such other relevant information that will reasonably assist us in fulfilling your request .
Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible .
We are entitled to charge an administration fee for processing such requests .
12.1 We only keep your information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was originally obtained .
Please note that we may be required in certain circumstances to retain your information indefinitely ( for example under our procedures on responsible gambling and self-exclusion ) .
12.2 We will take all necessary steps to ensure that the privacy of information is maintained upon disposal .
13.1 The Websites contain links to other sites .
Paddy Power is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .

posted this on March 02 , 2009 08:05 AM
April 18 , 2013
Scribd values the privacy of the users , subscribers , publishers , members , and others who visit and use the Scribd Platform ( collectively or individually , You or Users ) .
By using the Scribd Platform , you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this notice .
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to the Scribd Platform Terms of Use .
Your use of the Scribd Platform and any personal information you provide through the Scribd Platform are subject at all time to this Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use .
Terms for Scribd and the Scribd Platform apply to any site or mobile application owned and operated by Scribd , Inc , including Scribd.com , Float.com , and the Float mobile application .
The Information Scribd Collects
The Way Scribd Uses Information
When Scribd Discloses Information
In the Event of Merger or Sale
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Notice
The Information Scribd Collects
User-provided Information : You may provide to Scribd what is generally called personally identifiable information ( such as your name , email address , postal mailing address , home/mobile telephone number ) if you log in to the Scribd Platform , or otherwise use the features and functionality of the Scribd Platform .
You may also provide other information to Scribd , including your age , location , and gender , through use of its functionality and features , such as by creating a user profile .
Cookies Information : When you access the Scribd Platform , we or one of our advertising partners , may send one or more cookies small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer .
Scribd may use both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A session cookie disappears after you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Scribd Platform .
One type of persistent cookie that may be installed on your computer when you use Scribd is called a Flash cookie or an LSO .
Persistent cookies can be removed .
Please review your web browser 's Help file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings .
For more information on how to manage Flash cookies , you can go here .
For more information about cookies and how they are used , you can go here .
Automatically Collected Information : When you access the Scribd Platform or open one of our HTML emails , we may automatically record certain information from your system by using different types of tracking technology .
This automatically collected information may include Internet Protocol address ( IP Address ) , a unique device or user ID , version of software installed , system type , the referring search query used to locate content and pages on the Scribd Platform , the content and pages that you access on the Scribd Platform , the dates and times that you visit the Scribd Platform , and information from your Facebook account that you make publicly available , which is provided to us by Facebook via the Facebook APIs .
The Way Scribd Uses Information
Scribd uses the information that you provide or that we collect to operate , maintain , enhance , and provide all of the features and services found on the Scribd Platform as well as to track user-generated content and Users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
Scribd may also use the information that you provide or that we collect to serve you with advertisements .
We will use your email address , without further consent , for administrative communications such as notifying you of major Scribd Platform updates , for customer service purposes , to address copyright infringement or defamation issues , or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the Scribd Platform .
Scribd uses all of the information that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our Users , to improve the way the Scribd Platform works and looks , and to create new features and functionality .
Scribd may use Automatically Collected information and Cookies information to : ( a ) automatically update the Scribd application on your system ; ( b ) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the Scribd Platform ; ( c ) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed ; ( d ) provide such metrics to Users as they pertain to such User 's uploaded content ; and ( e ) track your entries , submissions , and status in any promotions or other activities .
When Scribd Discloses Information
Scribd does not share your personally identifiable information with other organizations for their marketing or promotional uses without your prior express consent , except that if you have provided us with an email address , Scribd may provide a hashed version of it to its advertising partners , RapLeaf , Bizo , and LiveRamp , to enable better targeted advertising where RapLeaf , Bizo , and LiveRamp already possesses your email address .
If RapLeaf , Bizo , or LiveRamp do not already have your email address in their records , they can not use the hashed version that we provide .
Scribd may disclose aggregated or other types of non-personally identifiable information to third parties for various purposes , including marketing or promotional uses .
For example , Scribd may disclose non-personally identifiable information to interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage , viewing , and demographic patterns on the the Scribd Platform .
Please be aware that any personally identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to display on the Scribd Platform such as when you publish attribution credits for documents or profile information becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others without restriction .
We may disclose User information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons to : provide web site hosting , maintenance , and security services ; fulfill orders ; conduct data analysis and create reports ; offer certain functionality ; and assist Scribd in improving the Scribd Platform and creating new services features .
We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Privacy Notice , we authorize only a limited use of such information , and we require these parties to use reasonable confidentiality measures .
Scribd may disclose User information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws ( such as U.S . Copyright law ) or respond to a court order , judicial or other government subpoena , or warrant in the manner required by the requesting entity .
Scribd also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe , in good faith , is appropriate or necessary : to take precautions against liability ; to protect Scribd from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses ; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations ; to assist government enforcement agencies ; to protect the security or integrity of the Scribd Platform ; or to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Scribd , our Users , or others .
Scribd shows aggregate geographical information about visitors on Scribd document pages in our analytics section .
This information includes the cities and countries of people viewing documents , the document which was viewed , and the time the document was viewed .
This information is publicly available to all Scribd users .
You may , of course , decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Scribd , in which case Scribd will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Scribd Platform .
You may update , correct , or delete your user information and preferences at any time here .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information .
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES .
Our advertising partners , such as RapLeaf , Bizo and BlueKai , may use technology to provide the advertisements that appear on the Scribd Platform and to use data collected through the Scribd Platform , as described above and in this section , to better target ads shown on Scribd and other websites .
Our advertising partners may also use cookies or pixel tags to enable the serving of customized advertisements and content to you both on Scribd and on other websites and services based on your visits to , and use of Scribd , as well as based on your visits to third-party sites and services on the Internet .
These cookies or pixel tags may contain non-personally identifiable demographic or other data .
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
SCRIBD USES COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE PHYSICAL , MANAGERIAL , AND TECHNICAL SAFEGUARDS TO PRESERVE THE INTEGRITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
WE CAN NOT , HOWEVER , ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO SCRIBD , AND YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK .
ONCE WE RECEIVE YOUR TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION , SCRIBD MAKES COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF OUR SYSTEMS.HOWEVER , PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED , DISCLOSED , ALTERED , OR DESTROYED BY BREACH OF ANY OF OUR PHYSICAL , TECHNICAL , OR MANAGERIAL SAFEGUARDS .
IF SCRIBD LEARNS OF A SECURITY SYSTEMS BREACH , THEN WE MAY ATTEMPT TO NOTIFY YOU ELECTRONICALLY SO THAT YOU CAN TAKE APPROPRIATE PROTECTIVE STEPS .
SCRIBD MAY POST A NOTICE ON THE SCRIBD PLATFORM IF A SECURITY BREACH OCCURS .
DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU LIVE , YOU MAY HAVE A LEGAL RIGHT TO RECEIVE NOTICE OF A SECURITY BREACH IN WRITING .
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE , THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SCRIBD PLATFORM AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER .
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF YOUNG CHILDREN IS ESPECIALLY IMPORTANT .
FOR THAT REASON , SCRIBD DOES NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT OR MAINTAIN PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM PERSONS UNDER 13 YEARS-OF-AGE .
IF SCRIBD LEARNS THAT PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OF PERSONS LESS THAN 13-YEARS-OF-AGE HAS BEEN COLLECTED ON OR THROUGH THE SCRIBD PLATFORM , THEN SCRIBD WILL TAKE THE APPROPRIATE STEPS TO DELETE THIS INFORMATION .
THE FOLLOWING ARE SOME RESOURCES THAT MAY HELP PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS IN MONITORING AND LIMITING YOUR CHILDRENS ' ACCESS TO CERTAIN TYPES OF MATERIAL ON THE INTERNET .
WHILE SCRIBD DOES NOT ENDORSE THESE PRODUCTS , WE PROVIDE INFORMATION ABOUT THEM AS A PUBLIC SERVICE TO OUR COMMUNITY .
OnGuard Online , maintained by the Federal Trade Commission .
The Child Safety Network
FOR USERS VISITING THE SCRIBD PLATFORM FROM THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR OTHER NON-U.S . TERRITORIES , PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY DATA YOU ENTER INTO THE SCRIBD PLATFORM WILL BE TRANSFERRED OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR SUCH OTHER NON-U.S . TERRITORY FOR USE BY SCRIBD AND ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY OF THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED HEREIN.IN ADDITION , BECAUSE SCRIBD OPERATES GLOBALLY , WE MAY MAKE INFORMATION WE GATHER AVAILABLE TO WORLDWIDE BUSINESS UNITS AND AFFILIATES .
BY PROVIDING ANY DATA ON THE SCRIBD PLATFORM , YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO SUCH TRANSFERS OF YOUR DATA TO THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER COUNTRIES .
IN THE EVENT OF MERGER OR SALE
IN THE EVENT THAT SCRIBD IS ACQUIRED BY OR MERGED WITH A THIRD-PARTY ENTITY , WE RESERVE THE RIGHT , IN ANY OF THESE CIRCUMSTANCES , TO TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THE INFORMATION THAT WE HAVE COLLECTED FROM USERS AS PART OF THAT MERGER , ACQUISITION , SALE , OR OTHER CHANGE OF CONTROL .
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
THIS PRIVACY NOTICE MAY BE REVISED PERIODICALLY WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE TO YOU AND THIS WILL BE REFLECTED BY A LAST MODIFIED DATE BELOW .
PLEASE REVISIT THIS PAGE TO STAY AWARE OF ANY CHANGES .
IN GENERAL , WE ONLY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THE PRIVACY NOTICE IN EFFECT WHEN WE RECEIVED THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION.YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SCRIBD PLATFORM CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE AND ANY FUTURE REVISIONS .
FOR REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE THAT MAY BE MATERIALLY LESS RESTRICTIVE ON OUR USE OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US , WE WILL MAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO NOTIFY YOU AND OBTAIN YOUR CONSENT BEFORE IMPLEMENTING REVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH INFORMATION .
WE WILL RESPOND TO YOUR INQUIRY WITHIN 30 DAYS OF ITS RECEIPT .

Privacy Policy - Your Privacy RightsLast revised : August 14 , 2012
Dictionary.com LLC respects your privacy .
When you use Dictionary.com , Reference.com , Thesaurus.com or any other online products or websites that we own ( our `` sites '' ) and mobile applications ( our `` apps '' ) , we collect information about you and use it to facilitate and improve our services .
Information about you may also be shared with other companies .
For instance , companies engaged in `` targeted '' or `` behavioral '' advertising present ads that might be of interest to you based on information about your online activities .
We want to be clear about how information about you may be used and what your privacy options are .
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect , how we use it , how other companies may use it , and tracking technologies used to collect information .
If we make any material changes to our privacy practices , we will post a revised Privacy Policy on this page .
Information collected automatically : When you visit our sites and use our apps , we automatically collect and store information about your computer or mobile device and your activities .
This information includes :
Your computer 's IP address
Technical information about your computer or mobile device ( such as type of device , web browser or operating system )
Your preferences and settings ( time zone , language , etc . )
Your mobile device 's unique ID number
Your mobile device 's geographic location ( specific geographic location if you 've enabled collection of that information , or general geographic location automatically )
The URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites
The words you have looked up and results you selected
The ads you clicked on
How long you visited our sites or used our apps and which services and features you used
For app users , the online or offline status of Your app
Information you choose to provide : You may choose to open an account and if you are age 13 or older , provide us with information in order to use certain services or products , like Dictionary.com Premium or Word Dynamo , or to take advantage of special offers , like a contest or a sweepstakes .
This information may include your name , email address , phone number , credit card information ( including billing address ) , and demographic information ( age , gender , etc . ) .
You may provide this information directly to us or you may choose to register using your Facebook account in which case you would authorize us to access certain Facebook profile information including your first name , last name , gender , birth date and email address .
You may also choose to post content ( such as custom flashcards ) that you may share with others , through our site or through your Twitter or Facebook account .
You do not have to provide any of this information to us .
But if you do not provide certain information , you will not be able to use some of the services we offer .
How we use your information
We use your information to provide and improve our services , customize services for you ( such as by remembering your preferences ) , make special offers ( like sweepstakes ) , better understand our users , diagnose and fix problems , and sell and display ads that may be relevant to you .
Email addresses , mobile phone numbers , and credit card information are used only for providing you the services you requested upon creating your account .
Email Address : We use your email address only to allow you to log in to your account , send you confirmations ( of your registration , purchase , etc . ) , and to send you messages as part of our services .
For specific services , you can unsubscribe here : Word of the Day unsubscribe or Reference of the Day unsubscribe .
We will also use your email address to respond to your customer service inquiries .
If you are under the age of 13 , certain messaging and site functionality may be non-existent or limited .
Phone Number : We use your mobile phone number only to send you SMS messages that you 've requested .
To stop receiving SMS messages , please text STOP to 44636 .
Credit Card Information : We use your credit card information only to process your purchases and to detect and prevent fraud .
Use of your information by other companies
We share user information with other companies for various reasons .
What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them .
We generally require these other companies to keep our users ' information confidential .
Service Providers : We may share all of the types of information we collect with vendors who provide services ( such as voice transcription , email and SMS messaging , and payment processing ) , conduct surveys , and run sweepstakes on our behalf .
Advertisers : Advertisers and advertising networks use tracking technologies to collect information about users ' computers or mobile devices and their online activities ( for example , web pages visited and searches made ) as well as general geographic location and use that information to display targeted ads to users .
We sometimes allow these ad companies to collect such information when you use our sites and apps to enable them to display targeted ads to you .
Analytics Companies : We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users ' computers or mobile devices and their online activities .
These companies analyze this information to help us understand how our sites and apps are being used .
Certain versions of our App have an `` Opt out of Tracking '' setting , which permits you to opt out of being tracked by third party analytics companies .
What we do n't share : We do not provide ad companies or analytics companies with your name , address , email address , phone number , or credit card information .
Aggregated Information : We may publicly disclose aggregated information about our users , such as the total number of our users and their overall demographics .
Legal Matters : We may disclose user information : in response to a legal request , such as a subpoena , court order , or government demand ; to investigate or report illegal activity ; or to enforce our rights or defend claims .
We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a corporate restructuring , such as a sale , merger or in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding .
We , as well as other companies , use tracking technologies to collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps .
Cookies : When you visit our sites , we place `` cookies '' ( small text files ) on your computer to recognize you .
We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our sites .
Ad companies place cookies on your computer to track your activities across various sites so that they can display targeted ads .
Some ad companies and game developers use `` flash cookies '' for ads and games that use Flash media technology .
Many ad companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
NAI members allow users to opt out of being tracked by cookies .
Finally , to learn how to remove cookies , you may visit these links : deleting cookies and deleting flash cookies .
By using our site and products , you give us explicit consent to place cookies and other tracking technology on your computer or mobile device .
Pixel tags : We embed pixel tags ( also called web beacons or clear GIFs ) on web pages , ads , and emails .
These tiny , invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities ( such as how many times a page is viewed ) .
We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services .
Ad companies use pixel tags to measure the number of ads displayed and their performance ( such as how many people clicked on an ad ) .
Mobile Device IDs : If you 're using an app , we use mobile device IDs ( the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer ) , instead of cookies , to recognize you .
We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our apps .
Unlike cookies , device IDs can not be deleted .
Ad companies use device IDs to track your use of the app , track the number of ads displayed , measure ad performance and display ads that are more relevant to you .
Analytics companies use device IDs to track information about app usage .
If you download the Dictionary.com Toolbar , we will send non-personal information about your use of the Toolbar to Ask.com , which powers the Toolbar 's web search features .
We do allow children under 13 to register for an account , but we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
Personally identifiable information , for example , includes a first and last name ; a home or other physical address ; an e-mail address ; a telephone number ; or a social security number .
When we have identified through our age-screening process that a child under 13 is trying to register an account with us , we immediately `` hash '' that user 's e-mail into a nonreversible character string and discard the e-mail .
Then the user 's e-mail address is only used for `` password recovery '' purposes .
Generally speaking , one-way hashing is a way to anonymize or hide data by transforming pieces of information into fixed strings of alphanumeric characters .
Every time that hash function is applied to that e-mail address the result will be the same .
It is called one-way hashing because the function allows you to convert the data only one way .
So while it is possible to convert an e-mail address into a hash value , it is not possible to convert that value back into the e-mail address .
When a child under the age of 13 registers for an account , we use hashing to create a password reminder system that does not require us to retain that child 's email address .
To do this , we apply the hash function to the email address and associate the resulting hash value ( not the e-mail ) with the user 's account .
The e-mail address is immediately discarded after the hash function is applied .
When the user forgets the password associated with the account , we request the original email address , hash it , and then compare the two hash values .
If they match , we e-mail the password reminder to the user and then immediately discard the e-mail again .
Information from users outside the United States
If you 're outside the United States , your information will be sent to and stored in the United States , where our servers are located .
By using our sites and apps , you agree to the information collection , use , and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( `` California customer '' ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
In general , if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information , upon receipt of a request by a California customer , the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year , as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed .
However , under the law , a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public ( in its Privacy Policy ) a policy of not disclosing customer 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure or gives customers a mechanism to opt out of having their personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Rather , the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise the right .
We have opted for this alternative approach .
If you would like to modify any personal information you previously submitted our sites or apps , visit your account information section for each site or app to which you made the submission .
If you have agreed to receive communications from us or to permit us to share your personal information with third parties , you may request that , in the future , we not send you communications or share your personal information by writing to our Legal Department at our corporate address below or by visiting your account information section for each site or app .
Please note , however , that we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the site or app ( e.g. , about changes to this Privacy Policy ) .
If at any time you would like us to deactivate your member profile , please write to us at our corporate address or visit your account information section for each site and app .
Please note that ( 1 ) we may retain your personal information in back-up storage after deactivation , and ( 2 ) we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third parties to whom you previously authorized us to share your personal information .
As more fully described in this Privacy Policy , you may request that Dictionary.com LLC not disclose your personal information to third parties .
You may do so either at the time you register or by contacting us by writing to us at Dictionary.com LLC , ATTN : Legal Department , 555 12th Street , 5th Floor , Oakland , CA 94607 .

Effective May 8 , 2012
Welcome to the privacy section of TinyURL , LLC .
TinyURL ( `` we '' or `` us '' ) provides an URL shortening service available through TinyURL.com , and any other websites owned , operated or controlled by us , our social media networking webpages and mobile applications ( together the `` Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that users provide to us through the Services .
As used in this policy , the terms `` using '' and `` processing '' information include using cookies on a computer , subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or touching information in any way , including collecting , storing , disclosing and transferring information within the United States or internationally .
Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services , features and content and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate the Site .
As you use the Services our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( `` Log Data '' ) .
Log Data may include , but is not limited to , your computer 's Internet Protocol address , browser type , the web page you were visiting before you came to the Site and information you search for on a Site .
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the Site 's technical administration , to increase our Site 's functionality and user-friendliness , and to better tailor it to our visitors ' needs .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information , Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
TinyURL cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including but not limited to subpoenas ) , to protect the property and rights of TinyURL or a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop any illegal , unethical or legally actionable activity .
TinyURL may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
Our Policy Toward Children
The Services are not directed to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
Like many websites , we use `` cookies '' to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
TinyURL and third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser .
These cookies may collect information that can be used to tailor advertising to you on TinyURL , other websites and other forms of media .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do n't accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services .
Links to Other Sites
Our Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by `` clicking on '' a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that website .
This also does n't mean that we endorse that website 's privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do n't exercise control over third party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit Personal Information from you .
Other sites follow different rules regarding the use of the information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
Changes in Privacy Policy
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your continued usage of TinyURL constitutes an acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy and Terms of Service so we encourage you to visit this page periodically to review any changes .

ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Effective Date : June 28 , 2013
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account ) ( `` Account '' ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA .
By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE .
If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect .
Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy .
I. EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction
EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified
What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ?
What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ?
Information Provided to EA By Third Parties .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects ?
Where Is The Information Held ?
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ?
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
X . A Special Note About Children
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s )
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration
EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction
EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you .
We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms .
This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings .
If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc .
If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl .
This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites .
In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above .
We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those .
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link .
EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
II.EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified
EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
III.What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It
EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information .
Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section .
Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV .
Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line .
EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :
- Contest registration and prize acceptance ;
- Warranty registration and requests ;
- Customer support and/or technical service requests ;
- Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ;
- Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ;
- Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ;
- Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ;
- Creation of a personal profile ;
- Product , service and/or subscription orders ;
- Service requests from third party service providers on our site ;
- Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and
- Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information .
Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone .
In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose .
Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment .
IV.What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It
Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you .
EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information .
What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ?
When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you .
The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection .
We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance .
We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ?
EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance .
In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below .
We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address .
Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites .
We may link cookie information to personal information .
Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played .
This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example .
Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage .
We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked .
Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads .
These ads contain cookies .
Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information .
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so .
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow .
For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com .
We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as `` local shared objects , '' on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels
Clear GIFs ( a.k.a . web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message .
Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message .
We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you .
However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page .
We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages .
We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation .
EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses .
An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products .
In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers .
If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies
EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device .
These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information .
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses `` Cookies '' , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website .
The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US .
On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites .
Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google .
You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings .
Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites .
A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results .
Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online .
We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view .
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology .
The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com .
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play .
Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies
EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games .
To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use `` anti-cheating '' software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms .
At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components .
Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form .
EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes .
EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA .
Information Provided to EA By Third Parties
EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below .
EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy .
PlayStation3 computer entertainment system
If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles .
By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA .
Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
Other Information Collected From Third Parties
EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you .
Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission .
By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform .
Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , `` accept '' or `` allow '' ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service .
EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts .
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect .
EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects
How EA Uses Your Information
EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email .
Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you .
By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address .
Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy .
Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established .
Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services .
Choose your friends carefully .
If you choose to use our referral service to `` Tell a Friend '' about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product .
EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message .
We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation .
B . Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ?
EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent .
We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties .
There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own .
Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles .
You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly .
EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age .
From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors .
We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences .
To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us .
When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent .
You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party .
We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA .
Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy .
See Section XI for more details .
Where Is The Information Held
EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands .
We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union .
Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy .
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information
EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure .
EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems .
When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to `` My Account , '' and viewing your `` Basic Information '' or other account settings .
Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites .
Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site .
However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request .
If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used .
Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application .
A Special Note About Children
Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children .
When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information .
At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices .
We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services .
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages .
Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent .
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online .
You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely .
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) .
If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy .
Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent .
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user `` profiles '' for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums .
Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies .
EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share .
If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent .
We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site .
Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites .
Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services .
If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s
Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) .
Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website .
For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com .
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc .
( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval .
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration
The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise .
As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award .
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY .
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS .
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com .
In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us .
This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea .
By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action .
This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly .
This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( `` Disputes '' ) , including without limitation :
- claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ;
- claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ;
- claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and
- claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement .
The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :
- a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ;
- a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ;
- In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action .
References to `` EA , '' `` you , '' and `` us '' include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us .
This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision .
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service .
A . Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute .
You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration .
Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( `` Notice of Dispute '' ) .
Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( `` Demand '' ) .
EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us .
You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City CA 94065 , ATTENTION : Legal Department .
B . Binding Arbitration .
If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration .
Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other .
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL .
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules .
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses .
The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online .
The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party .
The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so .
You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually .
To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons .
YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING .
Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding .
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void .
If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you .
For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees .
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :
- Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and
- Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs ) that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( `` the attorney premium '' ) .
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits .
The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs .
EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us .
F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority .
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim .
G. Changes to This Provision .
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above .
By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision .

Babylon Ltd. ( `` Babylon '' ) , as owner of the website acting under the domain name LingoZ.com ( the `` Website '' ) , under which You can either provide Human Translation Services and/or receive such services from Human Translators affiliated to the Website , respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use our website .
This privacy policy statement ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) explains which information we collect and how we use it .
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the User Agreement ( the `` Agreement '' ) .
Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement , unless specifically provided otherwise , hereunder .
Personal information is information such as your name or mailing address that can be used to uniquely identify you .
In order to participate in some of the activities available in the Website , such as becoming a Human Translator and/or receiving Human Translation Services and/or receiving newsletters or commercial offers , a user must provide personal information , All your personal information , whether acting as a Human Translator or a Requesting User , including , but not limited to , your name , address , telephone number , email address , your CV or language skills ( if applicable ) , is held in strict confidence .
This information is collected for the primarily purposes of requesting you to provide services as a Human Translator and providing payments to you , or enabling you to receive Human Translation Services requested by you , but may also be used , from time to time , to provide you with newsletters or commercial offers .
Babylon does not sell or share personal information in a form that can identify you with any other party .
The information you provide when registering to the services on the Website will be stored in Babylon`s data base .
You are not required by law to provide the information but without providing the same you will not be able to use such services .
Source Texts submitted for translation and therefore shared with Human Translators are not considered personal information as presented in this context .
Please refer to our `` User Agreement '' to learn more about the handling of submitted texts .
Human Translators are committed to confidentiality of Source Text received by them , and any Translated Text produced by them .
Information Collection and Use Practices
Please note that our service collects information about your activity in both anonymous and personally identifiable forms .
We use information about your activity on this service to improve Babylon products and services ; and we may share with our partners aggregated and non-personally identifiable information regarding the way our users use the Human Translation Service , and the nature of the Source Texts provided for translation , without revealing the Source Texts as a whole .
During the use of the service , you may be presented with : advertising , marketing offers , consultant services and other promotional information from Babylon , the service users or by third parties , such offers may also be made available to you by Babylon via email communication .
Unless otherwise stated , Babylon has no ownership or interest in any products , services , or other advertised items and it does not check , verify or moderate the content or the nature/quality of the advertisements or the products and services advertised or offered to you .
Babylon makes no warranty , either express or implied , as to these other products , services , or other advertised items and the use thereof .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other providers of products or services , advertisers , or other websites offered by either companies or individuals .
Babylon is not responsible for the privacy practices exercised by any such providers .
Please consult the respective policies of these providers to learn more about their practices .
Please note that when an advertiser runs a targeted campaign on our service , we will never share the personal details of any user who meets such targeting .
In case you interacted with such advertisement ( by viewing , clicking ) , the advertiser may assume that you , meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement .
Please note that during the registration with the LingoZ service you are requested to provide a valid email address in order to enable the registration process , to enable Babylon team to provide you with email support and in order to allow Babylon to contact you , from time to time , via email communication , with news and updates about services , products and offers ( such as : a newsletter , new releases , new features , special offers ) .
For your convenience , email communication from the LingoZ service contains instructions regarding how to unsubscribe from LingoZ email mailing lists .
This Website contains links to other sites that are outside of Babylon 's control .
These sites may have their own policy regarding privacy and you are encouraged to read their privacy policy .
The Right to Examin Information
Under the Protection of Privacy Law , 5741-1981 , any individual is entitled , whether himself or through a proxy so authorized in writing on his behalf or through his legal guardian , to access information pertaining to him that is contained in the data base .
Any person , who examins such information and finds it to be inaccurate , incomplete , unclear or non-updated , may contact the owner of the data base with a request to correct , amend or delete the data .
Should the owner of the data base refuse to comply with such a request , he must inform the applicant of such refusal in the manner determined in the regulations .
Any refusal on the part of the owner of the data base to permit access or comply with a request to amend or delete information may be appealed by the applicant in a magistrate 's court as determined in the regulations .
Moreover , should the information contained in Babylon 's data base be used for purposes of personally soliciting you , based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the data base ( solicitation for commercial purposes ) then you are entitled under the Protection of Privacy Law , 5741-1981 to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the data base .
Babylon shall in such case delete any information that is required only for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above , though such delition may also result in your inability to use the services on the Website .
Any information required by Babylon for conducting its business - including documentation of commercial and other activities performed by you on the Website - shall continue to be legally stored by Babylon , but no further use shall be made of such information for purposes of personally soliciting you .
If within 30 days you do not receive notification that the information that Babylon was requested to delete was in fact deleted according to the provisions of this paragraph , you are entitled to apply to a magistrate 's court in the manner determined in the regulations and as authorized by law , in order that the court may instruct Babylon to take the required action as stated .
Applicable Privacy and data protection Laws
The privacy protection and data protection under the Website shall be in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel .
Users from other jurisdictions , which jurisdictions might have in place , or legislate in the future , any rules and regulations more restrictive , or differently applied , from those applicable under the laws of the State of Israel , shall be aware of such differences , if any .
Please feel free to send us any questions you may have regarding this statement .
Last updated : 22/04/2008 .

Twitter instantly connects people everywhere to what 's most meaningful to them .
Any registered user can send a Tweet , which is a message of 140 characters or less that is public by default and can include other content like photos , videos , and links to other websites .
Tip What you say on Twitter may be viewed all around the world instantly .
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Twitter collects , uses and shares your information when you use our Services .
Twitter receives your information through our various websites , SMS , APIs , email notifications , applications , buttons , widgets , and ads ( the `` Services '' or `` Twitter '' ) and from our partners and other third parties .
For example , you send us information when you use Twitter from our website , post or receive Tweets via SMS , or access Twitter from an application such as Twitter for Mac , Twitter for Android or TweetDeck .
When using any of our Services you consent to the collection , transfer , manipulation , storage , disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from , you authorize Twitter to use your information in the United States and any other country where Twitter operates .
Information Collection and Use
Tip We collect and use your information below to provide our Services and to measure and improve them over time .
Information Collected Upon Registration : When you create or reconfigure a Twitter account , you provide some personal information , such as your name , username , password , and email address .
Some of this information , for example , your name and username , is listed publicly on our Services , including on your profile page and in search results .
Some Services , such as search , public user profiles and viewing lists , do not require registration .
Additional Information : You may provide us with profile information to make public , such as a short biography , your location , your website , or a picture .
You may provide information to customize your account , such as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages .
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you .
You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Twitter .
You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website .
We may use your contact information to help others find your Twitter account , including through third-party services and client applications .
Your privacy settings control whether others can find you by your email address or cell phone number .
You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find Twitter users you know .
We may later suggest people to follow on Twitter based on your imported address book contacts , which you can delete from Twitter at any time .
If you email us , we may keep your message , email address and contact information to respond to your request .
If you connect your Twitter account to your account on another service in order to cross-post between Twitter and that service , the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize .
This information enables cross-posting , helps us improve the Services , and is deleted from Twitter within a few weeks of your disconnecting from Twitter your account on the other service .
Learn more here .
Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional .
Tweets , Following , Lists and other Public Information : Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world .
Most of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public .
This includes not only the messages you Tweet and the metadata provided with Tweets , such as when you Tweeted , but also the lists you create , the people you follow , the Tweets you mark as favorites or Retweet , and many other bits of information that result from your use of the Services .
Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public for as long as you do not delete it from Twitter , but we generally give you settings to make the information more private if you want .
Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated .
For instance , your public user profile information and public Tweets may be searchable by search engines and are immediately delivered via SMS and our APIs to a wide range of users and services , with one example being the United States Library of Congress , which archives Tweets for historical purposes .
When you share information or content like photos , videos , and links via the Services , you should think carefully about what you are making public .
Location Information : You may choose to publish your location in your Tweets and in your Twitter profile .
You may also tell us your location when you set your trend location on Twitter.com or enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You can set your Tweet location preferences in your account settings and learn more about this feature here .
Learn how to set your mobile location preferences here .
We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services , such as Tweeting with your location , and to improve and customize the Services , for example , with more relevant content like local trends , stories , ads , and suggestions for people to follow .
Links : Twitter may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services , including our email notifications , third-party services , and client applications , by redirecting clicks or through other means .
We do this to help improve our Services , to provide more relevant advertising , and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on .
Cookies : Like many websites , we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services , but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles or lists .
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer 's hard disk .
Twitter may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services , to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services , and to customize and improve our Services .
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its settings , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
However , some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies .
Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here .
Log Data : Our servers automatically record information ( `` Log Data '' ) created by your use of the Services .
Log Data may include information such as your IP address , browser type , operating system , the referring web page , pages visited , location , your mobile carrier , device and application IDs , search terms , and cookie information .
We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services , for example , when you visit our websites , sign into our Services , interact with our email notifications , use your Twitter account to authenticate to a third-party website or application , or visit a third-party website that includes a Twitter button or widget .
Twitter uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure , customize , and improve them .
If not already done earlier , for example , as provided below for Widget Data , we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers , such as your username , full IP address , or email address , after 18 months .
Widget Data : We may tailor content for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate Twitter buttons or widgets .
When these websites first load our buttons or widgets for display , we receive Log Data , including the web page you visited and a cookie that identifies your browser ( `` Widget Data '' ) .
After a maximum of 10 days , we start the process of deleting or aggregating Widget Data , which is usually instantaneous but in some cases may take up to a week .
While we have the Widget Data , we may use it to tailor content for you , such as suggestions for people to follow on Twitter .
Tailored content is stored with only your browser cookie ID and is separated from other Widget Data such as page-visit information .
This feature is optional and not yet available to all users .
If you want , you can suspend it or turn it off , which removes from your browser the unique cookie that enables the feature .
Learn more about the feature here .
For Tweets , Log Data , and other information that we receive from interactions with Twitter buttons or widgets , please see the other sections of this Privacy Policy .
Third-Parties : Twitter uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services , such as hosting our various blogs and wikis , and to help us understand the use of our Services , such as Google Analytics .
These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request , such as cookies or your IP address .
Third-party ad partners may share information with us , like a browser cookie ID or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier ( such as an email address ) , to help us measure ad quality and tailor ads .
For example , this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in .
If you prefer , you can turn off tailored ads in your privacy settings so that your account is not matched to information shared by ad partners for tailoring ads .
Learn more about this setting and your additional Do Not Track browser option here .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
TipWe do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here .
Your Consent : We may share or disclose your information at your direction , such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your Twitter account .
Service Providers : We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and abroad .
We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy , and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions .
Law and Harm : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy , we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation or legal request ; to protect the safety of any person ; to address fraud , security or technical issues ; or to protect Twitter 's rights or property .
However , nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party 's , including a government 's , request to disclose your information .
Business Transfers : In the event that Twitter is involved in a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets , your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction .
The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity .
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information : We may share or disclose your non-private , aggregated or otherwise non-personal information , such as your public user profile information , public Tweets , the people you follow or that follow you , or the number of users who clicked on a particular link ( even if only one did ) .
Modifying Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of our Services , we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account .
You can also permanently delete your Twitter account .
If you follow the instructions here , your account will be deactivated and then deleted .
When your account is deactivated , it is not viewable on Twitter.com .
For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated .
After 30 days , we begin the process of deleting your account from our systems , which can take up to a week .
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Services are not directed to persons under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child 's account .
You can find additional resources for parents and teens here .
EU Safe Harbor Framework
Twitter complies with the U.S.-E.U . and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website .
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time .
By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective , you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy .
Effective : October 21 , 2013
Archive of Previous Privacy Policies

Your personal information .
Ubisoft collects your personal information when you register with us for our products or services , use our online store or otherwise contact us online .
We use this personal information to : provide you the products or services you have requested ; create your user profile ; to send you information about our products or services and your registration ; when you agree , to send you marketing information ; and to respond to your correspondence .
We do not share your information with anyone outside the Ubisoft group of companies .
For more information on how we use your personal information see our full Privacy Statement
Ubisoft Entertainment Ltd , Ubisoft Entertainment SA , Ubisoft , Inc. , Red Storm Entertainment , Inc. , Blue Byte Software , Inc. are part of the same group of companies ( together , `` Ubisoft '' or `` we '' ) .
We respect the privacy rights of our online customers and are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you .
We have adopted this Online Privacy Statement to guide how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us .
By using the Ubisoft websites where this Privacy Statement is displayed ( `` Sites '' ) , you signify your assent to the terms of the Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement , please do not use the Sites .
We reserve the right to make changes in this policy , so please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes in our information collection practices .
Your continued use of the Sites will signify your acceptance of these changes .
This Privacy Statement was last updated on October 1st , 2012 .
when does Ubisoft collect your personal information ?
1.1 use a service ?
1.2 register a product ?
1.3 use Ubisoft 's online store ?
what personal information does Ubisoft collect ?
what happens if I refuse to provide my personal information ?
does Ubisoft use cookies , track IP addresses or use other passive means to collect my personal information ?
what about other websites ?
how will my personal information be used and by whom ?
does Ubisoft share my personal information ?
can I choose how my personal information is used ?
how do I access my personal information ?
does Ubisoft collect personal information from children under 12 ?
what safeguards does Ubisoft use to protect my personal information ?
how do I contact Ubisoft about my personal information ?
privacy statement and terms of use
When does Ubisoft collect your personal information
Ubisoft collects your personal information at different times when you interact with our services , buy or products or otherwise contact us .
Whatever the activity may be , we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
use a service ?
When you use a Site on which this Privacy Statement is made available or otherwise play Ubisoft 's games or demos we will collect personal information about you as part of accessing a relevant service .
register a product ?
If you wish to register your product online , you will be asked to provide us with the following personal information : first and last name , home address , telephone number and email address .
We also ask you to enter information about the product you are registering such as the game 's title and platform , and your reason for purchasing the product .
use Ubisoft 's online store ?
In order to purchase goods and/or services from our online store , you will need to provide us with a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to name , mailing and billing addresses , phone number and e-mail address .
What personal information Does Ubisoft Collect
Ubisoft only collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis .
When you submit personal information to Ubisoft , it will usually take the form of :
demo or patch downloads
registration for game-specific event participation
shopping at our online store
customer service and technical support sessions ; and/or
The information we collect may include personal information such as your name , date of birth , e-mail address , phone number , fax number and home address .
Visitors purchasing goods or services through our online store will need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date , in addition to the credit card holder 's name , mailing address , phone number and e-mail address .
In addition , we may collect demographic information such as your age , gender , favourite styles of gaming and the systems you own or plan to buy .
Ubisoft collects personal information via conventional Internet forms .
For example , a new user to any of the Sites may be asked to register by providing his or her name , phone number , fax number , and home address .
This information will then be associated with your e-mail account , so that you may identify yourself during future visits to each of the Sites .
Ubisoft also stores and maintains personal information that you submit to us in an e-mail or that you post on our bulletin board .
What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information
If you do not submit personal information when asked by Ubisoft , your refusal may limit our ability to process your online product registration , contest registration , purchase via our online store , or request for technical support .
However , you do not need to provide personal information to Ubisoft in order to access and use the Sites .
What about other websites
In addition to the Sites , Ubisoft also owns several other domain names that may provide links to the Sites .
We may from time to time also offer new websites that may or may not be Sites .
Please note , however , that this policy applies only to the Sites on which this Privacy Statement is made available by Ubisoft and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may provide links .
Please note , however , that when you link to foreign sites or any other third party sites from our Sites , this Privacy Policy no longer applies .
Ubisoft does not control the activities on those third party sites and can not and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed on those third party sites .
Does Ubisoft Use Cookies , Track IP Addresses or Use Other Passive Means to Collect Information
Ubisoft uses cookies on the Sites .
A `` cookie '' is a small bit of record-keeping information that web sites often store on a user 's computer .
Cookies do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other information that is personally identifiable ; they are typically used to quickly identify a user 's computer and to `` remember '' things about the user 's visit .
For example , Ubisoft uses cookies to keep track of selected items in your shopping cart and to remember your login name and password .
Any information collected this way is held only up until midnight of the same day , at which point , the information is deleted .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer , although this may affect your ability to shop online .
Ubisoft also keep tracks of Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses for safety and security reasons .
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet .
The only other information passively collected by Ubisoft is in the form of logs - files that record web site activity , including how many `` hits '' a particular web page is getting ( a.k.a . `` click-through data '' ) .
This information is used in an aggregated form and not to identify specific use patterns of you or any individual .
These entries enable Ubisoft to assess overall site activity , track interest in advertised sales , and troubleshoot technical concerns .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the referral services we provide you .
Ubisoft may collect information regarding the user 's behaviour , and his/her use of Ubisoft 's demos and in-game data such as achievements , rankings , time played to better adapt our products and services to users ' interests and for a better quality of our services .
Who is collecting my personal information and how will it be used
The information you submit to our Sites is collected and used by Ubisoft as set out above .
In addition , Ubisoft may use the submitted information to send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about special rebates , promotional offers and other events of interest in accordance with your choices .
We also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs .
From time to time , Ubisoft may employ third-party vendors , to collect personal information on Ubisoft 's behalf .
These third parties provide internal support to Ubisoft by operating some of the services we provide you including free email services and online product fulfillment .
If we solicit third parties to collect personal information on our behalf , we require all such third parties to comply with and adhere to this Privacy Statement .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , billing and mailing addresses , email address , credit card number and valid expiration date .
Although these third-party vendors , not Ubisoft , collect the personal information you provide when requesting such services , they do not share your personal information with third parties .
In addition , Ubisoft has access to all information a third party collects on Ubisoft 's behalf .
If you use our Sites from outside Canada , please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to , stored in , and processed in Canada .
The data protection and other laws of Canada have been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission .
If you are transferring your personal data from the United Kingdom , please be assured that in processing any personal information in Canada , Ubisoft complies with these laws .
With whom does Ubisoft share my personal information
Ubisoft may share your personal information among the Ubisoft group of companies .
This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services , which might interest you .
To the extent that our corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Statement .
From time to time , we may share your personal information with technical partners which help Ubisoft with the operation of the Services , including , without limitation , payment processing , and products delivery .
To the extent that our technical partners have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Statement .
From time to time , we are approached by companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you , and we may share your personal information with such third parties in accordance with your choices .
We strive to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving .
If you do not wish to receive information from these third party partners , you can opt out at the time of information collection ( i.e. , when you fill out the product registration form ) .
Should you decide to link your Ubisoft Account to your console manufacturer gaming account Ubisoft will only exchange information regarding your age , country , date of birth and email with such parties .
No other personal information such as your credit card information or address will be exchanged with such parties .
Can I choose how my personal information is used
If you do not want Ubisoft to send you communications about special rebates or promotional offers , you may opt-out from receiving these communications at the time your personal information is collected or by contacting us by :
fax at 01932 578001
post at Ubisoft Ltd , 1st Floor , Chertsey Gate East , London Street , Chertsey , Surrey , KT16 8AP , United Kingdom .
In addition , along with every communication sent to you , Ubisoft gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications .
How do I access my personal information
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
However , we may still retain information in our files to resolve disputes , enforce our agreements , due to technical or legal requirements or matters related to security , integrity or operation of our Sites .
Does Ubisoft Collect Personal Information from Children Under 12
Ubisoft encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children .
We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses or phone numbers , without permission , when using the Internet .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from young children .
Therefore , in order for children under 12 years old to register on any Site , , we require that the child provides the email address of a parent or guardian who will be contacted by Ubisoft in order to confirm , modify or refuse his or her child 's registration .
Ubisoft reserves the right to request written proof of the parent or guardian 's authorization at any time .
If the parent or guardian does not answer within 30 days of Ubisoft 's email , the child 's personal information will be deleted and his or her registration refused . ''
What Safeguards Does Ubisoft Use to Protect My Personal Information
We take your privacy and the security of your personal information very seriously .
We comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
To protect your personal information , Ubisoft maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of the information you have provided .
Our Sites have security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Personal information collected by Ubisoft is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public ( e.g. , locked rooms ) .
To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information , Ubisoft maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSH encryption .
In addition , we take reasonable steps to assure that third parties who collect personal information on our behalf provide sufficient protection of personal information in addition to requiring their compliance with this Privacy Statement at all times .
How do I contact Ubisoft about my personal information
Any questions or complaints or comments about this Privacy Statement or our use of your personal information , please contact our Privacy Statement Administrator by :
phone at 01932 578000
post at Ubisoft Ltd , 1st Floor , Chertsey Gate East , London Street , Chertsey , Surrey , KT16 8AP , United Kingdom .
Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
The terms of this Privacy Statement are incorporated into our Terms of Use .
Please review our Terms of Use at :

Web Page Privacy Policy
UC Davis is committed to protecting personal privacy and the personal information collected via its
departmental and official Web pages .
UC Davis Web pages may collect personal information such as name , address , email address , telephone
number ( s ) , and/or educational , research , or service interests .
Such personal information may be requested
for research , public service or teaching programs , or for administrative purposes .
information , such as credit card account information , may be requested for purchases , enrollment , or
UC Davis identifies your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address when you visit departmental and official Web sites .
Davis may also collect Web site usage statistics by IP address and maintain logs for identifying campus
Use of information : UC Davis uses Web-site-collected personal information for the purpose of future
communication back to you .
Examples of this use include University-affiliated hosting organizations that need
to keep Web enrollees informed of campus programs , symposia , and/or special events .
UC Davis may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history for reporting aggregate
Web-site accesses and for profiling purposes .
This information is generally used to improve Web presentation
UC Davis also may use IP addresses for troubleshooting purposes .
Some UC Davis Web
pages may use `` cookies . ''
Cookies are used for delivering Web content specific to users ' interests and to
keep track of online purchasing transactions .
Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies .
Health information collected by any of the UC Davis entities covered by HIPAA ( including Cowell Student
Health Center and UC Davis Health System ) will be handled in accordance with the privacy and security
Social security numbers may be collected only in accordance with UC Davis Policy and Procedure Manual
Access to electronically collected personal information and IP addresses shall be in accordance with existing
University policy governing disclosure of personal information including UC Davis Policy and Procedure
Manual Section 320-20 , Section 320-21 , Section 320-35 , and Section 320-36 .
UC Davis will not sell personal
information to third-party organizations such as telemarketers or direct mailers .
Individuals have the option to decline any online enrollment and may submit requests to use other enrollment
methods by e-mail or U.S. mail addressed to the UC Davis organization seeking the personal information .
Users may review , modify , or delete their previously provided personal information by contacting the campus
organization to which they provided the personal information .
If you choose not to participate in these
activities , your choice will in no way affect your ability to access the general information on this Web site .
1 of 3 Section 310-70
Campus Commitment to Data Security
Operators of Web servers and Web server software shall comply with UC Davis Policy and Procedure Manual
Section 310-22 , and take reasonable steps to protect the security , integrity and privacy of information
submitted via UC Davis Web pages .
UC Davis encourages producers of its Web pages , when seeking
personal information , to use the industry standard security protocol known as Secured Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
We strongly recommend the use of a Web browser capable of supporting SSL .
The latest versions of
Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Communicator , for example , support SSL and also avoid known
browser security vulnerabilities .
While using a UC Davis Web page , you may encounter hypertext links to the Web pages of organizations not
directly affiliated with UC Davis .
UC Davis does not control the content or information practices of external
We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations .
Individual privacy rights and public disclosure of information : In the state of California , laws exist to ensure
that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information
possessed by state government .
At the same time , there are exceptions to the public 's right to access public
These exceptions serve various needs including maintaining the privacy of individuals .
and federal laws provide such exceptions to public access rights .
UC Davis respects both the right of public access to information and the right of privacy of individuals .
information collected at this site becomes public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by the
public , unless an exemption in law exists .
If any type of personal information is requested on the Web site or
volunteered by the user , State law , including the Information Practices Act of 1977 and the California Public
Records Act , and federal law , including the Privacy Act of 1974 and the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act of 1974 , may protect it from disclosure to third parties .
In the event of a conflict between this privacy expectation and the Public Records Act , the Information
Practices Act , or other law governing the disclosure of records , the Public Records Act , the Information
Practices Act , or other applicable law will control .
In addition , information may be produced in response to a
subpoena or court order .
For further information regarding this privacy expectation , please contact Information & Educational
Technology at the address below :
UC Davis Information Technology Security Guidelines Coordinator
Office of Information and Educational Technology
University of California , Davis
Davis , CA 95616
UC Davis Health System , Compliance Program
Sherman Way Building , Suite 3900
Sacramento , CA 95817

UC San Diego Website Privacy Policy
The University of California , San Diego , is committed to protecting your privacy .
The following Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you when you visit this site , and how we use this information .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices .
The information UCSD collects
UCSD collects two kinds of information on this site : ( 1 ) personal information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors to this site who register for and use services that require such information and ( 2 ) tracking information that is automatically collected as visitors navigate through this site .
If you choose to register for and use services on this site that require personal information , such as WebMail , WebCT , or MyBlink , you will be required to provide certain personal information that we need to process your request .
This site automatically recognizes and records certain non-personal information , including the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet ( for example , aol.com or ucsd.edu ) ; the Internet protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the browser software you use and the operating system ; the date and time you access this site ; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to this site .
We may also collect tracking information through the use of cookies , which place certain identifying information on your computer to facilitate your future access .
This site also includes links to other websites hosted by third parties .
When you access any such website from this site , use of any information you provide will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
How UCSD uses this information
We do not sell , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
We may provide aggregated statistical data to reputable third-party agencies , but this data will include no personally identifying information .
We may release account information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with law , ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or ( iii ) protect the rights , property or safety of UCSD , our users , or others .
How UCSD protects your information
When you log in or submit personal information to us , we use a secure server .
The secure server software ( SSL ) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us .
As effective as encryption technology is , however , no security system is completely impenetrable , so we can not guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet .
By using this website , you consent to the collection and use of this information by UCSD .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page before the changes take effect .
Of course , our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy , even if we change that policy later .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us by using the `` Send us your feedback '' link at the bottom right corner of this page .
This policy was last updated on November 27 , 2007 .

Last modified : March the 8th 2011 Cyando AG
( hereinafter `` ul '' )
This Data Protection Notice shall apply to ul 's ( `` we '' / `` us '' / `` our '' ) website services under the uploaded.net domain .
It shall not be deemed to constitute an element of ul 's TOS .
It shall not be deemed to apply to websites of other service providers to whom references are merely made by way of a link .
Access to pages and data on our website
Each time a User accesses a page on our website and each time a file is downloaded , data are automatically stored and processed on our web server regarding this process in a log file .
Specifically , the following data are stored with respect to each instance of access/download :
IP address of the computer initiating the query ,
date and time ,
page accessed/name of downloaded file ,
volume of data transmitted ,
notice as to whether access/download was successful .
The above-referenced data ( including IP address ) will be stored for the duration of the communication sequence in order to permit Users to use our website .
In addition , the IP address will be stored for a short time to ensure IT security , in particular to protect our IT systems from misuse and to avert attacks .
We reserve the right to render such data anonymous and to analyse them for statistical purposes and to improve our website .
On our website , we provide for the use of so-called cookies .
We use temporary cookies to make it easier for Users to navigate our website .
These session cookies do not contain any personal data and become inactive after the session comes to an end ; they are deleted at the latest when the User closes his or her browser .
If a User has registered with us , we also use permanent cookies in order to store the User 's access data and thus to make it easier for the User to log-in .
Inclusion of Users within our ul Affiliate Programme is effected by storing cookies which are transmitted to the potential User when he or she accesses ul links and which are stored in that User 's browser for 30 days .
The User may prevent installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of his or her browser software .
Modern browsers offer various functions in this regard , further information can be found under the Help section in the browser software .
For example , a User may set his or her browser to automatically block all cookies or to warn the User before a cookie is stored .
However , we would advise Users that by doing so , they may in certain circumstances experience restrictions of functionality when using the ul website or websites of other service providers .
When a User registers with us , we store the following personal data on that User :
Free Account E-mail address of User
Premium Account E-mail address of User
payment method selected by User ( e.g . Paypal , bank transfer and/or Webmoney ) and such data as may be necessary to complete the payment transaction
In addition , we store the User 's access data .
We make use of these data to the extent they are necessary to establish , substantively structure or amend the agreement between us and the User which was formed by registration .
In particular , we do not provide these data to third parties , except where we are required by law to do so or this has been contractually agreed with the User or the User has consented thereto .
Affiliate Programme and account statements
We store and use personal data of Users pursuant to the terms of our Affiliate Programme ( sec . 4 of our TOS ) and with respect to the mode of payment ( sec . 5 of our TOS ) where it is necessary to do so to enable Users to make use of our Affiliate Programme and thus to render our own services , in particular , in order to grant benefits to Users and to issue account statements on such benefits to Users .
Contact form ; e-mail
When using our contact form and sending e-mails to us , Users are free to provide fictitious identity data or merely to provide an e-mail address .
However , to the extent a declaration of the User is of significance for purposes of forming , performing or terminating an agreement with us , we will require data enabling us to identify the User .
If the User transmits a message to us via our contact form or by e-mail in an unencoded format , then that message will not be protected from unauthorised access or even alteration by third parties during the transmission process .
Amendments to this Data Protection Notice
We are entitled to amend this Data Protection Notice at any time .
This Data Protection Notice does not form a part of our TOS or of any agreement with the User .
Convenience Translation of this Data Protection Notice
This Data Protection Notice in English is a convenience translation only .
The only relevant Data Protection Notice is the one in German .

Blizzard Entertainment and its affiliate companies ( collectively `` Blizzard '' ) respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment for them .
We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us .
This Privacy Policy details how Blizzard safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors and does not apply to information that may be collected by Blizzard off-line .
Please note that when you link to other sites from a Blizzard website , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities on , those other sites .
Blizzard has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The scope of TRUSTe 's certification covers its North American websites us.blizzard.com and us.battle.net and their subdomains .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Blizzard Entertainment complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Blizzard Entertainment has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
If you are a visitor from outside the United States , the personal information you provide may be transferred to , stored , and processed within the United States or other countries where Blizzard maintains facilities or business operations .
What personal information is collected
Blizzard only collects personal information on a voluntary basis .
If an on-line visitor submits information to Blizzard , it will usually take the form of either : ( 1 ) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line stores , ( 2 ) product or account registration , or registration for on-line game participation , ( 3 ) player match-up services , ( 4 ) message boards or forums , ( 5 ) eCards or Recruit-a-Friend e-mails , ( 6 ) warranty registrations , ( 7 ) contest registrations , ( 8 ) a consumer complaint , ( 9 ) surveys , ( 10 ) customer service or technical support , and/or ( 11 ) newsletters .
Personal information collected may include your name , home address , phone number , and/or e-mail address .
We do not require this information to gain access to our sites , however , you will not be able to utilize certain products , services , or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided .
Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number , expiration date , and shipping and billing addresses .
Please note that , depending on the Blizzard site that you are visiting , many of the activities listed above may not be available and , as such , personal information may not be collected .
What other types of information may we collect
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other , non-personal information such as your age , date of birth , gender , and/or game and platform preferences ; and , combine such information with your personal information .
In addition , your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer ( capabilities , game data processing , etc . ) to Blizzard .
Blizzard may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners .
In addition , Blizzard may use such information for security , system integrity ( the prevention of hacking , cheats , etc . ) , or enforcement purposes .
From time to time , we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on Blizzard 's websites .
However , we will obtain the customer 's consent to post these testimonials prior to publication in accordance with the applicable Blizzard Terms of Use ( TOU ) .
How do we use your personal information
The personal information you provide Blizzard will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues ; to send eCards or Recruit-a-Friend emails ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers .
Blizzard may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Blizzard site with data from third parties in order to update your contact information , perform market analysis , or improve our products , services , or systems .
Blizzard may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you .
In such cases , we will notify you that the information will be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out .
Lastly , we may use your personal information for internal marketing , profiling , or demographic purposes , so we can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs .
We do this to better understand and serve our customers .
Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity ( e.g. , personal information contained in job applicant 's resume ) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any other practices stated in this Privacy Policy .
What type of communications may I receive
Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on products , services , special deals , and promotions .
Out of respect for your privacy , we present the option not to receive these types of communications .
Please see the Choice section below .
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes .
If you choose to use our recruit-a-friend or e-card features , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Blizzard does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and to track the success of our referral program .
Who is collecting your information
When you are asked for information while on a Blizzard site , you are sharing that information with Blizzard , its parent , and its various affiliates and sister companies , unless specifically stated otherwise .
As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from any of Blizzard 's affiliates .
In addition , some services are provided in conjunction with partner companies .
If your personal information is being collected by another company other than Blizzard , you will be notified at the time the information is collected .
If you do not want your information shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time .
Please be aware that we can not control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data , and as such we can not guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Blizzard .
Please be aware that advertisers or websites with links to and from our sites may collect personal information about you .
And remember , this Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities of , those other advertisers or websites .
With whom may your personal information be shared
Blizzard may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes , to process mailings , or to process , analyze , and/or store data on Blizzard 's behalf .
We will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your personal information for any other purpose , and that they have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us .
These service providers may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify , contact , or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service or Use Agreements for a Blizzard site or product , or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with Blizzard 's rights or property , other users of a Blizzard site or product , or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities .
As with any business , your personal information is also an asset of Blizzard and will become part of our normal business records .
As such , we may also disclose your personal information to a third party if we decide to sell a line of business to that third party , so you can continue to receive service and information in connection with that line of business with as little disruption as possible .
Similarly , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , your personal information may be transferred to Blizzard 's successor or assign .
Blizzard sites may also have message boards , forums , and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another .
When posting to a message board , forum , or chat area , please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk .
For certain forums , anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their Real ID -- that is , their full first and last name -- with the option to also display the name of their primary in-game character .
See discussion regarding Real ID below .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
What choices do I have regarding the collection , use , and distribution of my personal information
Blizzard allows you to control the way that we use personal identifying information that we might obtain .
At the time you provide personal information , Blizzard may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products , promotions , or services .
In addition , many of the `` mailings '' Blizzard may send you , such as newsletters , have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings .
Lastly , you may be given the opportunity to `` opt-out '' of certain features or functionality ( e.g . Real ID ) .
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law , our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , we do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without their approval .
If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from Blizzard ( via e-mail or postal mail ) about new products , services , or promotions , you can do so .
You may contact us at Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attn : Opt-Out Administrator , 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs .
Once a child states that his/her age is under 13 , we do not collect or store any personally identifiable information such as name , address , or email address .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information about young children .
We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when on-line .
Teenagers under the age of 17 and over the age of 12 should encourage their parents to review this policy and to contact us if they would like to evoke our opt-out policy or to raise any concerns .
What is Real ID
Real ID friends can see each other 's real-life name and can see each other 's characters across all Blizzard products and services .
By participating in Real ID , you will have the option of making your real name visible to your friend 's friends , who will also be able to invite you to become friends .
When you and a friend mutually agree to become Real ID friends , you will have access to a number of additional features , including the following :
Real Names for Friends : Your Real ID friends will appear under their real-life names on your friends list , when chatting , communicating in-game , or viewing a character 's profile .
Cross-Realm and Cross-Game Chat : With Real ID , friends can chat cross-realm , cross-faction , and cross-game using Blizzard 's products and services .
Rich Presence : You will see additional info on your friends list about what your Real ID friends are up to in Blizzard 's products and services in real time .
What is Global Play
Certain Blizzard games playable on Blizzard 's Battle.net service feature `` Global Play , '' which allows you to play with other players who are outside of the region associated with the creation of your Battle.net account .
The Global Play feature requires that some or all of the personal information that you provided when you created your Battle.net account be transferred to servers operated by Blizzard in the regions where you wish to play .
What are cookies and clear gifs and how are they used
Cookies are a feature of your Web browser that allows Web sites to transfer bits of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes .
A cookie stored on your computer can be used to `` remember '' things like your password , or that you have already registered .
This allows us to speed up your future activities , saving the time you would normally spend entering information such as your password or registration .
In addition , Blizzard may use cookies to retrieve user information for promotional , marketing , or security purposes .
Blizzard and our third-party tracking service also employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
These clear gifs are not tied to personally identifiable information .
Our third-party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate .
They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Web site .
We have no access or control of these third-party tracking utilities .
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
For this reason , these types of clear gifs are tied to personally identifiable information .
What are Internet protocol addresses
An Internet protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider ( `` ISP '' ) .
Blizzard may track such IP addresses for system administration , to report aggregate information , site tracking , security purposes , or to prevent our servers from being abused .
What do I do if I want to correct or delete my personal information
If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information , or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information , please contact Blizzard Entertainment Privacy Policy , Attention : Privacy Policy Administrator , at 16215 Alton Pkwy .
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
We will respond to any request for access within 30 days .
In some cases , we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your account and applicable services .
How secure is my personal information
Blizzard has taken steps to assure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form , i.e . free from any alteration .
As such , access to all personal information is strictly controlled .
When credit card information is transmitted , for example , we use industry standard , SSL ( secure sockets layer ) encryption .
In addition , we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of personal information .
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services .
What if I have a question or complaint
Irvine CA 92618-3616 .
By using this Website , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this site .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change .
Your continued use of the Blizzard website will signify your acceptance of these changes .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 25 , 2011

Last Revised : April , 2011
Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC ( `` SCEA '' ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our websites .
This privacy policy is intended to provide you with information on how we collect , use and store the information that you provide to us through our websites so that you can make appropriate choices for sharing information with us .
If you have any questions , complaints or comments regarding our online or offline privacy policies , please contact SCEA 's Consumer Services Hotline at 1-800-345-7669 .
ESRBThis Privacy Statement and the certification seal located to your right confirms that SCEA is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible , we have undertaken this privacy initiative and our websites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of the privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
ESRB Privacy Online is a third-party seal provider whose mission is to protect consumers ' online privacy and make the Internet a secure , reliable and private place to share information and conduct business .
ESRB Privacy Online promotes and enforces established principles and guidelines for fair information collection practices that include requirements of full disclosure , notice and informed consent .
Whenever you visit a website that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :
What personal information may be collected and by what means
Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information
How this information may be used , including who , if anyone , it might be shared with
The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information
How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company maintains
How a company ensures data security , quality and integrity
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints
THIS POLICY APPLIES TO
This policy applies to the websites us.playstation.com and naughtydog.com .
In addition , we own several other domain names that point to us.playstation.com .
From time to time , we may add new websites not listed above , and will provide a link to this policy or the applicable privacy policy .
Finally , we collect information via dynamic in-game advertising that is served to some online PlayStation3 games .
By use of our websites and games that have dynamic in-game advertising , you signify your assent to SCEA 's privacy policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites or games with dynamic in-game advertising .
THIS POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO
In parts of North America and South America , Sony Network Entertainment America Inc .
( SNEA ) operates Sony Online Services , a network of online games , movies , music , other media and content and communication services .
PlayStation Network ( PSN ) is one of these Sony Online Services .
With a Sony Online Services or Sony Entertainment Network account , users can purchase goods and services from SNEA through Sony Online Services and may have the opportunity to participate in various network community activities .
Users can register for and log into a Sony Entertainment Network account via us.playstation.com .
Collection and use of your information by Sony Online Services is governed by the SNEA Privacy Policy , which can be found here :
SCEA may provide links to the websites of our promotional partners and licensed software publishers , our affiliates or other entities that we own or control .
This privacy policy does not apply to third-party websites and treatment of any personal information you provide on those sites is subject to the applicable third party 's individual privacy policy .
Collection of Personal Information through our Websites
We do not require that website visitors reveal any personally identifying information in order to gain general access to our websites .
However , visitors who do not wish to , or are not allowed by law to share personally identifying information , may not be able to access certain areas of our websites , participate in certain activities , or make a purchase from the PlayStationShop .
Although personally identifying information may be required to participate in certain promotions or features offered through our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStationShop , participants provide this information on a voluntary basis only .
Collection of personal information required to access certain website services may include the collection of date of birth , name , mailing address , email address or credit card information .
We collect personally identifying information in connection with the following :
Questions or comments sent through our websites to Consumer Services
Repair of , replacement of or service on system hardware
Subscription to a non-PSN marketing program
`` Send-to-a-Friend '' emails
Purchases made from the PlayStation Shop
Some of our website activities require that the user log in using a PlayStationNetwork ( PSN ) account ; for information regarding SNEA 's collection of information in association with a Sony Entertainment Network account , please see their Privacy Policy
On our websites , PlayStation Network log in information is being authenticated by SNEA , not SCEA .
SCEA may require a Sony Entertainment Network account in connection with :
Participation in online contests , sweepstakes or other promotions
Inclusion in our email newsletter program
Participation on our message boards
Access to special sections of official game websites
SCEA may collect information such as our website visitors ' IP address , IP address-related information , system Media Access Control ( MAC ) address , network configuration information , network device information , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform .
We also may collect information about your download activity , browser activity , forum postings and session information .
Dynamic advertisement serving technology enables advertisements to be temporarily loaded or cached to a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's PS3 system for display only in games that incorporate this technology .
If a Sony Entertainment Network account holder plays a game that utilizes this feature , SCEA will log information about his or her system and game play to ensure that advertisements are being appropriately served to him or her and to track information about the advertisements displayed during his or her gaming session .
Logged data may include : Online ID , system IP address , system MAC address , in-game advertisement location , the length of time an advertisement was visible , relative size of advertisements , the angle of view and other information related to each advertisement visible during the gaming session .
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to a consumer 's hard drive to keep records of his or her visit at the website .
We may use cookies to improve consumers ' experiences when visiting our websites .
We may use cookies to anonymously track interest in , and collect aggregate information on , our websites .
Log files are files that log actions that have occurred on a website .
We may use log files to gather statistics about consumers ' browsing habits and to assess overall website activity , including how many `` hits '' a particular web page is getting .
These entries are generated anonymously , and enable us to track interest in specific promotions , troubleshoot technical concerns , and provide consumers with content that may be of interest to them .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide to consumers .
Log files are used internally only , and are not associated with any particular user , computer , or browser .
Our websites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites .
We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our websites , such as the frequency with which consumers visit various parts of our websites .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send our guests to determine whether our consumers have opened those emails or clicked on links in those emails .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable .
Information from PlayStation Network
SNEA shares its Sony Entertainment Network account holders ' information with us so that we may provide you with marketing and community services .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personally identifying information that we collect for a particular promotional purpose through one of our websites or to make a purchase from the PlayStation Shop is saved and used only for that purpose , unless the participant chooses to opt-in to one of our marketing programs .
Visitors to our websites may be given the opportunity to `` opt-in '' to two different programs .
The first option is to receive marketing content from SCEA .
The second is to have personal information shared with SCEA 's third party partners so that they may send you marketing materials .
Consumers who voluntarily provide personally identifying information via our website for purposes of receiving marketing materials or who opt-in to receiving marketing materials when they register a Network Adaptor ( Ethernet/Modem ) ( for PlayStation2 ) or PlayStation2 with integrated network and line connectors for online gaming through the Online Start-Up Disc , become members of our marketing program .
By logging in as a Sony Entertainment Network account holder on our websites , consumers consent to having information regarding their activities added to their customer profile , whether information regarding those activities comes from SCEA internal sources , Sony-related entities or affiliated sources .
We may give Sony Entertainment Network account holders the opportunity to provide information about themselves and will from time to time conduct surveys or questionnaires for members to provide feedback and additional information .
This information allows us to provide those Sony Entertainment Network account holders with information about our products that best suits their interests and to customize their experience .
Data that we have collected about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder via dynamic in-game advertising may be used to provide him or her with future advertisements that we believe will be of particular interest .
Email addresses collected from consumers during the use of the E-Cards or `` Send-to-a-Friend '' email feature on our websites are not retained by us , and are only used to send a one-time email notification on a consumer 's behalf .
SCEA may use personally identifying information for marketing and demographic studies .
These studies help us improve our websites , products and services to better meet our users ' needs .
SCEA 's consumer services department maintains information obtained from consumers who contact or submit an online complaint so that we may assist these customers with current or future service issues .
SCEA 's consumer services department may collect additional information such as credit card , personal check information , if a consumer contacts consumer services to request repair of , exchange of , or service on , a PlayStation system .
Consumer Services uses this information only for payment and payment verification purposes .
SCEA 's consumer services department may direct consumers to the consumer services departments of other companies with whom SCEA has arranged to provide consumer service , so that the consumer receives appropriate assistance .
We may use personally identifying information and records for defense of a lawsuit , investigation or other action if such personally identifying information , records or profiles are relevant to the lawsuit , investigation or action .
WHO WE SHARE WITH
We may share the personally identifying information of our website users with our affiliates in the Sony group family of companies and other third parties who assist us with fulfilling your requests , clear and verify transactions , deliver and administer products , content or services , manage and enhance customer data , store and maintain our database records , provide customer service , detect fraud or illegal activities , conduct customer research and surveys , develop new products and services and sell products and services to you .
SCEA may also share personally identifying information with law enforcement or similar organizations , in connection with a criminal investigation , investigation or prevention of fraud or criminal activities , infringement of intellectual property rights or other activity that is suspected to be illegal or may expose our users or SCEA to legal liability .
We may share non-personally identifying information and behavioral data from our studies with our affiliates and other third parties .
Data logged via PS3 dynamic in-game advertising or some portion of it will be shared with third party companies that operate the advertisement serving technology , and these companies may share aggregated data ( meaning data that includes data about a Sony Entertainment Network account holder 's gaming session but is not specific to him or her ) with advertisers and game publishers .
We do not control our affiliates ' or third parties ' use of your information after we share it , but we use reasonable efforts to obtain our affiliates ' and third parties ' agreement to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of any personal information we share with them or that we permit them to collect directly .
If consumers do not want their personal information made available to others in these ways , they should not provide their personal information to us .
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code section 1798.83 permits SCEA customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding SCEA 's disclosure within the immediately preceding calendar year of that California resident 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
If you would like to change your current account preferences , go to the account management section of your Sony Online Services account .
SCEA does not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under 13 years of age via our websites .
Data from Sony Online Services accounts is transferred from SNEA to SCEA for community administration and , depending on your child 's age , marketing purposes .
PlayStation Website Message Boards
Our PlayStation website message boards are a place where users can go to freely share their thoughts and ideas about the PlayStation brand .
A Sony Entertainment Network account is required to contribute to these message boards .
We prohibit message board participants from disclosing their own personally identifying information other than their own Online IDs .
We ask our users to respect the privacy of others .
Disclosure of phone numbers , addresses , age or other personally identifying information that may violate someone else 's privacy is prohibited .
Encouraging or asking users to disclose publicly their personally identifying information is also prohibited .
If a job seeker creates a job profile , he or she will be asked to provide an email address and create a password .
He or she can use that email address and password to access his or her account , review the information in his or her profile , edit or delete his or her profile at any time .
We treat personally identifying information submitted to us for business purposes differently from information we receive in a non-business capacity .
We may share resumes or potential developer contact information submitted to us , for example , with other Sony companies or third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
We take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information collected from our website visitors .
Personal information is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees .
We also have security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Unfortunately , there is no such thing as perfect security .
As a result , although we strive to protect personally identifying information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with our websites , that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers ' systems .
SCEA operates in parts of North and South America but this site is intended for consumers in the United States .
When we process personal data and information and personally identifying information in the United States , we follow United States data protection and privacy regulations , which may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If we are made aware that a consumer 's country of residence is outside the United States , that consumer will be directed to the appropriate Sony company .
Transfer of Your Information in the Event of Sale or Acquisition
In the event that SCEA sells or transfers its business or its business is acquired , our website visitors ' stored personally identifying information may be transferred to the purchasing or acquiring entity .
Please be aware that accepting this privacy policy means that you also consent to the possible transfer of your personally identifying information outside your country of residence .
We will retain personally identifying information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time .
We will post the changes in the privacy policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding changes .
Please check this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
Your continued use of our websites or other SCEA online portals subject to this privacy policy will signify your acceptance of privacy policy changes .
For further information on our privacy policy , or for questions on information that we may have collected from you , please contact us by either of the following methods and we will be happy to review , update , or change your record status as appropriate :
Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC
San Mateo , California , 94402-0888
United States of America
By Phone : 1-800-345-7669
SCEA is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
Attn . : Privacy Online Program
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017

Updated : March 19 , 2013
We have updated our Privacy Statement to make it easier to read , and to include our privacy practices for our personal design and creativity tools such as Socialcam , Instructables , Pixlr and imm.io .
We continue to treat your personal information with care and respect .
Please contact us if you have questions or concerns .
You can review the March 27 , 2012 version of our privacy statement .
What this privacy statement covers
How to contact us
Information we collect about you
Information and content that you disclose
Storage , retention and deletion of personal information
How we use information
Sharing information inside the Autodesk family of companies
Sharing information with third parties
Security and integrity of personal information
Information access , controls and choices
Changes to this privacy statement
What this privacy statement covers
This privacy statement tells you about our privacy practices for our websites , products , online and web services , and apps that include a link or reference to this statement .
It also tells you about our marketing and advertising practices , and applies to our offline practices .
In this statement we will refer to our products , online and web services and apps as applications .
Some of our websites and applications may display supplemental privacy or data collection notices that we share so you can make informed choices about what you want to do when you review the notices .
For example , you may see a notice explaining data collection practices for an application , and your choices for participating .
In special cases , websites and applications may have their own privacy policies .
For example , we may buy another company to expand our business , and need some time to integrate the company 's privacy practices with ours .
Third parties ( such as social media platforms or other company websites that we link to from our websites and applications ) are responsible for their own privacy practices .
Be sure to read the privacy policies , supplemental notices , and settings of all websites or platforms that you visit so you can understand their privacy practices and your options .
Some websites and applications are subject to additional terms such as our website terms of use , terms of service , and software license agreements .
Please read the terms that apply to the website or application you are using .
These terms can help answer questions you may have about the confidentiality and security of designs and other content you create , and the effect of sharing and posting of content by you .
Autodesk , Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94105
Information we collect about you
User IDs , registration , and contact
We collect information that identifies you when you
register to use one of our websites or applications
register to attend an event
create a user ID to access our websites or applications
contact us for services , support , information or other reasons
We may collect your name , company name , email address and other contact information , a profile image ( which may be a picture of you ) , or payment information .
Sometimes we collect other information that does not identify you , like your job title , industry or interests .
Some information is required , and other information is optional .
For student and education versions of our applications , we may require information to confirm your eligibility .
For our customers who make purchases through our channel partners or ecommerce providers , we will receive personal information about you from these companies so that we can have an accurate record of applications to which you have access .
To help keep our databases current and to provide you with more relevant content , experiences and offerings , we may combine information you give us with information from public sources and trustworthy companies ( such as our resellers and ecommerce providers , and business contact databases ) , all in accordance with applicable law .
For example , these sources can tell us about the company size and industry of our business customers , and also help us maintain the accuracy of our databases .
Autodesk desktop product activation and automatic updates
When you activate an Autodesk desktop application , we collect information about your system , the desktop application you are activating , and the application ( product ) serial number .
Learn more about activation .
Some of our applications include features that connect to our servers and let you install updates to the application .
We may keep track of information such as whether the update was successful or not .
Our websites or applications may collect usage information so we can manage our agreement with you or the company , organization or institution through which you receive access for example , so we know how much to charge based on amount of use , or when the limit of the services paid for has been reached .
You can get more information by reading the terms of service or software license agreement that applies to the applications you are using , and by talking to your license or contract administrator .
Some of our websites and applications include specific data collection programs .
Depending on the website or application , this information may or may not be associated with your personal information .
You can learn more about specific programs , as well as your choices about how we use this information .
Automatic data collection tools , cookies and similar technologies
When you communicate with us , access our websites and applications through a browser , application , or other client , our servers automatically collect and record certain information .
For example , your browser or device may tell us your browser type , language preference and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( which may tell us generally where you are located ) and the type of device or system you used .
Your browser may also tell us information such as the time and date of your request , page that led you to our website and , if applicable , the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website .
In addition , we and our service providers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use our websites and applications , and to measure the success of email or advertising campaigns .
Choices about cookies and similar technologies .
When we send you emails , they might include a web beacon or similar technology that lets us know if you received or opened the email and whether you clicked on any of the links in the email .
You can opt-out of marketing emails .
Buttons , tools , ads , and content from other companies
Our websites and applications may include buttons , tools , advertisements , or content that links to another companies ' services ( for example , a Facebook `` Like '' button on a webpage , a Google Maps feature in an application , or an ad in a mobile app ) .
We may collect information about your use of these features .
In addition , when you see or interact with these buttons , tools , ads , or content , or view our webpage or application containing them , some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company .
Please read that company 's privacy policy for more information .
You can also learn more about application usage metrics , cookies and your advertising choices .
Our websites and applications may feature ads for other companies ' products and services , as well as for ads our own applications .
We may work with one or more advertising networks ( each an Ad Partner ) who use cookies , tracking pixels , or other technologies to collect information in order to serve you ads and help us track results .
Examples of this information may include , but are not limited to , websites you visit , mobile apps you use , preferences you may provide us as the app provider ( such as language preferences ) , your IP address ( for purposes of determining your general location ) , device ID , MAC address , and browser information .
This information helps :
ensure that appropriate advertising is shown in the application or on the website
calculate and control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad
deliver ads that relate to your interests , and
measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns
Some technology enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded onto your mobile device and replaced while you are online .
We do not actively share personal information with our Ad Partners or third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent .
Our Ad Partners deliver ads for us and may combine the information collected or obtained from us with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your browser 's activities across their network of websites .
Please note that if you choose to click on an ad or participate in promotions of any third-party advertisers via an ad that appears in our application , this is solely between you and the advertiser and your participation is subject to the terms and conditions associated with that ad or promotion .
Your choices about ads .
Social sign on and social networking
Some of our websites and applications may allow you to sign in using a social networking platform account ( such as Facebook , Google+ or Twitter ) .
Social sign-on features may make creating an account with us faster for you by pre-populating our registration or user profile form with information you provided to the social networking platform .
The first time you use a social sign-on service , the social media platform typically explains what information will be shared with us .
Also , we have pages on many social networking platforms where you can visit and communicate with us .
We may collect information when you visit our social networking pages .
We will use this and social sign-on information for the purposes described in this privacy statement .
Be sure to review the privacy and data usage policies of any social networking platform you use to learn more about its personal information practices and your options .
Some Autodesk websites and applications are intended for general audiences .
However , we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children aged 12 years old and under .
In some jurisdictions , notification , prior written permission or other verifiable parental consent may be required of a parent or guardian for children from 13 to 17 years of age .
No information should be submitted nor posted to Autodesk websites or applications by children 12 years old or under .
Information and content that you disclose
Some of our websites and applications allow you to post likes , comments , profile information ( including profile images ) , videos , photographs , images , design files , and other content for others to see .
In some cases you can limit who can view or access information and content you post .
In other cases , the information and content might be available to registered members of the application or website , or even to the general public .
We urge you to be careful and thoughtful when deciding to disclose personal information , or any other information , on our applications and websites .
If you are posting information you to not want to be disclosed publicly , make sure you are using a website or application that allows you to control who sees information you have posted .
Please note that in some of our application and website forums , your name , user name , profile image , or email address may be posted along with any message you post .
For example , information posted on Area , Instructables and Socialcam will be public by default .
If you choose to share personal information in this way , the access limitations , security protocols and other commitments in this privacy statement will not apply to the information shared .
For information about how to access or remove personal information or content you share , read the information access , controls and choices section .
For some websites or applications , we may allow access to certain content that you have shared publicly , including personal information , through an application programming interface ( API ) .
Storage , retention and deletion of personal information
We store personal information and data files associated with you on Autodesk servers and servers of companies we hire to provide services to us .
This information may be stored in the United States and in other countries where Autodesk operates , and in countries where our service providers who help us run our business operate .
Please see the sharing with third parties section for more information about our practices and requirements we place on service providers .
If you are in the European Union , Switzerland , or other regions with laws governing data collection and use , you agree to the transfer to , and processing and storage of your personal information in the United States and other countries , the privacy laws of which may be considered as being less strict than those of your region .
This consent applies in addition to other legal grounds for transfer , processing and storage of your personal information , such as for contract fulfillment purposes .
We will keep personal information about you only as long as we need it :
to honor your choices ,
to fulfill the purposes described in this privacy statement , or
as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations
For example , some laws and regulations may require us to retain certain transactional data .
We take reasonable measures to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required .
For example , when the information is printed on paper , we take reasonable measures to delete or destroy it by shredding or incineration ; where the information is stored electronically , we use technical means to render the information unusable .
How we use information
We use information about you in a number of ways , including :
Providing you with access to our websites and applications for which you are eligible .
Providing you with services , support or information you have requested .
Sending you business communications .
Examples include sending you application service packs , notices about upcoming events like an account or subscription expiration date , or reminders that you need to take an action such as complete a payment .
Sending you communications with information about us , including about new applications and special offers or promotions .
Sometimes a company or organization ( including ones with which we have a business relationship ) may ask us to make a business introduction to one or more users of 123dapp.com , Socialcam , Instructables , Pixlr and similar websites and applications , and we may contact you with details and to ask if you are interested .
Learn more about your choices .
Measuring and better understanding how our websites and applications are used , so we can improve them .
Tailoring your overall experience with us , our websites , applications , as well as our marketing .
Reducing software piracy , fraud , ensuring our applications and websites are used in compliance with applicable terms and the law , and protecting our customers and end users .
Sending questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better applications and experiences to our customers and end users .
Your completion of any questionnaire or survey is voluntary .
As explained in any supplemental privacy or data collection notice for a website or application .
Sharing within our family of companies and sharing information with third parties as described below .
For any related purpose that you would reasonably expect , such as general administrative functions .
Learn more about your privacy choices and controls .
Sharing information inside the Autodesk family of companies
We may share your personal information within Autodesk or any of our subsidiary companies worldwide for purposes of
data processing or storage
providing you with access to our websites and applications
guiding decisions about websites , applications , and communications
for other purposes described in this privacy statement
Autodesk , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used personal information , and we and our subsidiaries agree to follow principles and procedures that help protect your personal information .
Sharing information with third parties
We may share information about you with companies , contractors and agents that help us to run our business .
These companies , contractors and agents provide services to us like fulfilling orders , sending emails to you on our behalf , delivering customer support , and processing payments .
They will have access to some of your information , limited to what they need to have to provide services .
We require these companies , contractors and agents to agree to use reasonable safeguards to protect information about you .
They are not allowed to use the information collected by us for their own purposes .
We may also share information about you :
When you agree to the sharing .
We do not share personal information about consumers with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless the consumer agreed to that sharing .
Under certain programs , we may offer to make an introduction between a consumer and another company .
If you are a business customer , with our channel partners and sales partners for operational purposes , such as order fulfillment and to confirm information about what applications you have access to .
When the company , organization or institution through which you have access to our websites and applications has set up an agreement with us to receive user-specific information , subject to privacy laws .
When we are required provide information to comply with applicable laws , subpoenas , court orders or other legal processes .
When we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud , defend our websites or applications against attacks , or protect the rights , property and safety of Autodesk , our customers and users , or the public .
If we merge with another company or if we decide to sell or reorganize some part or all of our business , assets or stock ( including if we file for bankruptcy or are part of a similar proceeding ) .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquirer of the part of our business , assets or stock affected may continue to use information about you as set forth in this privacy statement .
We may share or publish aggregated information and other information that does not specifically identify you , such as statistics about the number of visitors to our websites or about how customers and end users use our applications .
Security and integrity of personal information
We use a combination of administrative , technical and physical security controls to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
However , despite our efforts , no security controls are 100 % effective , and we can not completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information .
Information access , controls and choices
Removing content you have posted
Cookies and similar technologies
Advertising , including mobile ads
In-application usage metrics and analytics
- Customer Involvement Program ( the CIP )
- Trial , preview and pre-release ( beta ) applications
- Customer Error Reporting and similar programs
Contacting our ecommerce providers
We want to be sure the personal information we maintain is accurate , complete and up to date .
You may have the right under applicable data protection laws to access the personal information that we keep for you , on request to us , except in certain limited circumstances ( for example , where an applicable law requires us to deny such access ) .
You can update , correct or delete your profile information by following the instructions below .
Also , note that we need to retain certain records for legal or internal business reasons , and some of your information may remain on backup systems , in compliance with applicable law .
Login and make edits to your profile and information by following the instructions .
A sign in help page is available if you have any problems .
Users from Japan with a Contact ID , please use the Japan login page .
Socialcam , Instructables and Pixlr .
Login to the applicable website or application and make changes to your profile and information by following the instructions .
For help with these or other websites or applications , please contact us .
Please tell us the specific website or application you need help with , along with your specific request .
Please note that if you contact us to assist you , for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request .
Removing content you have posted
To remove content you have shared on our websites and applications , please use the same website or application feature you used to share the content and follow the instructions .
An option to remove content may not always be available , for example on forums .
Where someone has invited you to comment on , or view or edit content through our websites or applications , you may be able to edit or delete your contributions or the user who has invited your participation may have control over these options .
Autodesk - You can subscribe to or unsubscribe from Autodesk marketing communications , using our webform , or follow the unsubscribe instructions in communications you receive .
Instructables Login to your account at the Instructables website and change your marketing preferences , or follow the unsubscribe instructions in communications you receive .
For other communications follow the unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive , or if you need help please contact us .
Remember , we may need to contact you for business reasons and you can not unsubscribe or opt-out from these communications .
Sometimes companies or organizations , including ones with whom we have business relationships , will ask us to make an introduction to one or more members of 123dapp.com , Socialcam , Instructables , Pixlr and similar websites and applications .
We may contact you with details and to see if you are interested in the introduction .
You can say no to a specific introduction , and you can also ask not to receive requests for introductions in the future .
We may allow access to certain content , including personal information , posted through websites or applications through an application programming interface ( API ) .
API access will be mentioned in the applicable terms of service .
We place limitations on what third party developers can do with information .
Below is information about your choices .
Public information access by third-party applications
On some websites and applications , content you post is public and can not be marked as non-public or private .
Check the posting controls for the specific application or website you are using .
Where there is an option to mark content as private or otherwise choose a non-public status , and you choose the non-public option , third party developers will not be able to access the following information through a public information access API :
the content ( including its title , and public comments you include with the content ) ;
the name ( or pseudonym ) associated with your account ;
the profile image associated with you ;
the profile URL ( which may include user ID ) for the account .
If your content is public but you do not want developers to have access to your real name or profile image ( for example , if it is a picture of your face ) , use a pseudonym or handle and use a profile image that does not consist of a picture of you .
Authenticated access by applications
You may choose to use third party applications that manage your interactions with our websites or applications .
For example , third party applications may want to do the following types of activities :
Manage relationships : to manage user relationships on your behalf , such as follow , unfollow , block , and unblock people , and to approve people who want to follow you on our website or application ;
Manage content : to post and remove content on your behalf ;
Manage likes : to manage likes and similar actions on your behalf ; and
Manage comments : to manage and post comments on your behalf .
We require the app developers to explain what actions they will take and also what information ( including personal information ) they need to access in order to take these actions , and to get your approval .
In addition , we require developers to provide a link to an explanation of their privacy practices .
It is your choice to approve or not approve access by these third party applications .
Limitations on access by third party applications
In both cases described above , third party application developers are not allowed to use your personal information for marketing or promotional purposes without your consent , and are otherwise restricted in their use of your information by the terms of the applicable App Developer Agreement .
You can find links to the applicable App Developer Agreement through the applicable terms of service .
For convenient reference , here is a non-exclusive list of the current agreements :
Socialcam REST API Terms
Cookies and similar technologies
Autodesk and our service providers may use cookies , `` pixel tags , '' `` web beacons , '' `` clear GIFs , '' or other similar technologies in connection with website pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to , among other things , track the actions of website users and e-mail recipients , determine the success of marketing campaigns , compile aggregate statistics about website usage and response rates and make it easier for you to navigate our website or better tailor your experience with us , for example by not requiring you to submit login credentials repeatedly or by showing you content targeted to your interests .
A cookie is a commonly used automated data collection tool .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a browser from a web server and gets saved on the hard drive of the computer that you are using .
Cookies and similar tools collect standard information from your browser such as browser type , browser language , and the website address you came from when you visited our website .
They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , and clickstream behavior ( for example , the pages you view and the links you click ) , along with the date and time of your visit or request , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies , or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie , or cookies from a particular web site , to your computer .
If you set your browser to reject all cookies , you will be unable to use our websites and applications that require registration or customization in order to participate .
If you choose to accept cookies from us and our service providers , you are granting us and our service providers your consent to set cookies on your computer .
When we send you emails , they might include a web beacon or similar technology that lets us know if you received or opened the email and whether you clicked on any of the links in the email .
You can opt-out of marketing emails .
Advertising , including mobile ads
Some of our mobile applications and websites may contain ads .
Learn more about advertisements .
For more information about a specific mobile application , please see the About section ( iOS devices ) or the Legal/Privacy section ( Android devices ) .
You may opt out of the use of your information by Ad Partners by using the Network Advertising Initiative tool .
If you delete all cookies , use a different browser , or use a different computer , you will need to use the tool to renew your opt out choice .
In-application usage metrics and analytics
Customer Involvement Program ( the CIP ) For our commercial products that include the option to participate in the CIP , you will be prompted about participating .
You can change your choice by going to the Help menu , opening the CIP dialogue box , and following the instructions .
Your choice will apply to all commercial Autodesk products installed on your computer .
Learn more about the CIP .
Trial , preview and pre-release ( beta ) applications For trial , preview or beta applications your limited or full participation in an in-application analytics program may be a condition of receiving access to those products .
Please review the applicable terms of service , license agreement and any specific privacy or data collection notice attached to a given application for more details .
If you do not wish to participate please do not use these products .
Customer Error Reporting and similar programs You will be asked if you want to send in error reports , wither through our Customer Error Reporting program or an application specific error reporting program .
In each case , a dialog box will appear in-application , and you will be told what information the tool will collect , how it will be sent to us , and any other relevant information about the tool or its use .
You must choose to send us the report .
Learn more about CER .
Mobile applications We may use third party analytics services to support analytics for some of our mobile applications .
For details about a specific mobile application , please read the About section ( iOS devices ) or the Legal/Privacy section ( Android devices ) .
You can opt-out of data collection for an application by following the in-application instructions .
Unless the data collection notice in About or Legal/Privacy tells you otherwise , the control selection will be located in the application or device settings ( iOS devices ) or the settings menu ( Android devices ) .
For convenience , here is a non-exclusive set of links to the privacy policies and opt-out instructions to services we may use :
Contacting our ecommerce providers
For the Autodesk Online Store , contact Digital River as set forth in their privacy policy .
For 123D and related applications , contact Turbo Squid as set forth in their privacy policy .
Autodesk customers may invite you to participate in a customer-specific site of an application , such as the Autodesk PLM360 , Buzzsaw , or Constructware services .
The customer site administrator manages these invitations , and requests to change or update information you provided when registering should be directed to that site administrator .
AUTODESK ACTS ONLY AS A SERVICE PROVIDER TO OUR CUSTOMERS IN CONNECTION TO THESE APPLICATIONS , AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE USE AND/OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU BY SUCH CUSTOMERS .
Changes to this privacy statement
We may update this privacy statement from time to time .
Check the last updated section at the top of this privacy statement to see the last time the privacy statement was changed .
We may also give you notice through our applications and on our other websites .
Your continued use of our applications and websites constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement .
For changes to this privacy statement that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us , we will obtain your consent before implementing the change .
Please contact us if you have questions .

Last updated : January 1 , 2014
As a member of the Canon Inc. family of companies , Canon U.S.A. , Inc .
( `` Canon USA '' ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Statement describes the information we collect from you , either online or offline , and how that information will be used .
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully .
Should you have any questions , please refer to the end of the Statement for information on how to contact us .
Table Of Contents :
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
With Whom We Share Your Information
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy
Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information
Third-Party Web Sites and Interest-Based Marketing
Visiting Our Web Site From Outside The United States
Right to Change Internet Privacy Statement
Your California Privacy Rights
How To Contact Us
The Information We Collect
You may visit our web site and not provide us with any information that can identify you .
But if you decide to contact Canon USA to , for example , purchase a product from us , request information about repair estimates , order a repair , open a Canon Account , register a product , download certain software or service applications , complete a survey , enter a contest or sweepstakes , submit a rebate , inquire about products you may already own , request samples of certain products or provide a product review or other feedback , we may collect information such as your name , e-mail or postal address , phone number and credit card information ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
We may also periodically obtain Personal Information about you from other Canon companies , business partners , service providers , and contractors acting on our behalf and add it to other information we have collected about you .
Examples of such information include updated credit , delivery and address information , purchase history , and fulfillment information .
We also collect non-personal information from various sources .
This information , also known as anonymous or aggregate data , is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual :
Information collected automatically .
When you visit our web site , we collect certain information automatically .
This information includes the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet , information about your browser type and language , the date and time you are accessing our web site , and the referring web site address .
It may also include technical data about the Canon products you are using .
Use of cookies and other technologies .
We may collect information about your use of our web site through the following means :
When you visit our web site , we may assign your computer one or more `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a small text file that contains information that can later be read by us to facilitate your access to our web site and personalize your online experience .
For example , if you are a registered user of our web site , we will record your user ID in a cookie file on your computer .
Also , through the use of a cookie , we may automatically collect information about your online activity on our web site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our web site .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons ( also called clear GIFs or pixel tags ) and other similar technologies , to track your use of our web site .
We also may include web beacons in e-mail messages , newsletters and advertisements to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer and measure the overall effectiveness of our online content and the products and services we offer through the web site .
Use by Third-Parties .
We may allow third-parties , including our authorized service providers , advertising agencies and marketing partners to use tracking technologies , such as cookies and web beacons , to collect non-personal information about your visits to this and other web sites .
This information generally enables them to track and gauge the effectiveness of our web site and of various marketing campaigns and to serve ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you when you visit other web sites across the Internet .
How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect about you to respond to your requests for information ; to deliver the products and services you have requested ; to manage your account and provide you with customer support ; to provide you with information about other Canon products and promotions that may be of interest to you ; to obtain feedback on our products and services ; to perform research and analysis about usage and potential interest in our products , services , or content ; to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our web site ; to enforce our Terms and Conditions and to perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases or sales made on our web site , to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and otherwise as needed to manage our business .
Information From/About Friends or Family .
If you provide us with information about others , or if others give us your information , we may store that data , but it will only be used for the specific reason it was provided .
Examples include providing a friend 's shipping address , e-mailing a newsletter or a product description to a friend , and e-mailing friends a link to your Wish List .
With Whom We Share Your Information
Our customers are a critical component of our business and we are not in the business of selling or renting your personal information to third-parties .
We are part of the Canon Inc. family of companies and may share your information with our parent company , subsidiaries , and affiliates .
We also may share your information with other companies and individuals acting on our behalf to fulfill and/or ship an order , an award or rebate ; to conduct surveys , contests or sweepstakes ; to perform business and sales analysis ; to communicate with you ; collect or process payments ; provide data processing or data storage processes on our behalf ; or to provide a product or service you have requested .
We also may periodically share your personal information with selected non-Canon companies with whom we have partnered to provide you with products and services , or whose products and services we believe you may find of interest .
In addition , if you inquire about a product that Canon USA does not sell directly , we may forward your information to a Canon USA dealer , distributor or other reseller , and they may reach out to you about your product needs .
We also may share aggregated information we collect with third-parties , including service providers and marketing partners , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our marketing partners the number of visitors to our web site and the most popular features or services accessed .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop web site content and services that we hope you will find of interest .
In any event , the third-parties with whom we conduct business are obligated to use your information only to perform the service for which they are hired .
Finally , we also may share your personal information :
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our web site Terms and Conditions or other agreements or policies .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under 13 , nor does Canon USA target its web site to children under 13 .
Canon USA encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate with them in the various interactive activities and downloadable projects that may be available on our web site from time to time .
Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information
If you no longer wish to receive communications from Canon USA , please click here to unsubscribe .
If you wish to update your e-mail address in our records , click here to update your information .
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our web site because such information may be required in order for you to register ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions on our web site .
Some of our web sites may provide you with a choice as to whether you want to receive e-mail messages about special offers .
You will be given the opportunity in any commercial e-mail that we send to you to opt out of receiving such e-mail messages in the future .
Please note that we may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements and administrative notices without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Third-Party Web Sites and Interest-Based Marketing
There are a number of places on our web site where you may click on a link to access other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Statement .
For example , if you click on an advertisement or a third-party logo on our web site , you may be taken to a web site that we do not control .
These third-party web sites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party web sites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the web page you are visiting .
If you submit an application or resume online when applying for a position with our company , we may use third-party service providers to assist with the process of collection , maintenance and analysis of candidate submissions .
These third-parties are not affiliated with Canon USA and they may maintain separate privacy policies that govern the transfer of your information .
Should you have any questions about the privacy practices of these companies , we recommend that you contact them directly .
Canon USA may retain your application for a period of time , but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions .
Your applicant information may be shared with Canon Inc. and/or other Canon companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions .
We contract with third-party advertising agencies , marketing partners and other service providers to serve advertisements when you visit our web site or other web sites across the Internet .
The advertisements placed on these third-party web sites may use tracking technologies , such as cookies and web beacons , to collect anonymous information about your visits to this and other web sites .
We may also share anonymous information with these companies in aggregate form and/or partner with these companies to provide interest-based advertising both on and off web sites operated by Canon USA .
In either case , the purpose of the sharing is to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you , analyzing and improving the effectiveness of ads and e-mails , and improving and enhancing our web site and its content .
The Canon USA website is not currently configured to recognize do not track signals sent as a header by Internet browsers .
However , other settings within your browser may permit you to block cookies or other technology that enable websites to collect information that can be used to tailor advertisements to your interest .
Please check your browser 's settings or consult your browser 's help information for more details .
As we describe above , to the extent that information is collected over time and across websites to help provide you with advertisements based on your interests , this information is anonymous and does not contain your Personal Information .
We may provide areas on our web sites where you can , for example , post product reviews or reviews about our web site , ask or answer a question , communicate with others , and upload content ( e.g . pictures , videos , audio files ) .
Such postings , which may be administered by third-party service providers , are governed by our general Terms of Use and may also be subject to more specific terms that are integrated into that area of our web site .
Service providers administering the postings may use tracking technology , such as cookies , to collect anonymous information about your posting .
Additionally , such postings may appear on other web sites when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your e-mail address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Our web sites may also include features that involve a shared platform with third-party services while you are on our web sites .
For example , we may allow you to sign in to your account on a social networking service to share your favorite Canon products or other information about Canon with friends on that service .
If we offer or accommodate this kind of shared-platform or similar service , the third-party through which the service is provided , and with whom your information may be shared , will be identified by a recognizable icon .
If you choose to use the service , information collected from you while you use our web site may be transmitted to the third-party that operates the service .
Additionally , once that information is shared with the third-party , its use of information about you will be subject to that third-party 's privacy policy .
Finally , your activity on any social networking service pages that , for example , refer to Canon USA , include the Canon logo , or involve a Canon promotion , is guided by the general terms of the service operator or any specific terms for that promotion .
You therefore should consult that third-party 's privacy policy to understand how your information may be used and shared by the third-party .
When you submit information to Canon USA through our web sites , you should be aware that your information is transmitted across multiple computer systems on the Internet .
Although we take reasonable security measures to protect your information , data security technologies constantly are evolving .
Because no method of transmitting or storing electronic data on the Internet is ever completely secure , we can not guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used , or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Statement .
Visiting Our Web Site From Outside The United States
This Privacy Statement is intended to cover collection of information on our web site from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our web site from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our various facilities within and outside the United States and those third-parties who process information on our behalf , as described in this Privacy Statement .
Right to Change Internet Privacy Statement
This Statement was last updated effective January 1 , 2014 .
Canon USA reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time .
If we make any material changes to this Statement , we will notify you by posting the changes on our web site .
Changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the web site .
Your continued use of our web site following the postings of changes to these terms means you accept these changes .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 gives California residents the right to request , from a business with whom the California resident has an established business relationship , certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third-parties for direct marketing purposes by such third-party , and the identities of the third-parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding year .
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Canon U.S.A. , Inc. pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , please contact us at the address listed below .
How To Contact Us
Should you have questions or concerns about this Statement , please click HERE or mail your inquiry to Canon U.S.A. , Inc. - Customer Privacy , ITCG Internet Marketing Division , One Canon Park , Melville , New York 11747 .

Effective : January 4 , 2011
PMC is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining a safe online experience for all of our users and customers while providing a quality user experience .
Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , our users and customers , in order to fulfill your requests and better serve your needs , you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline .
Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our User Agreement , and contact us if you have any questions .
We use third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our Web site in order to provide advertisements on our Web site , other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
They may also use this information to track the effectiveness of those ads .
Links : Be aware that when you click on ad banners , you may be redirected to other sites not operated by PMC .
You are responsible for information that you provide to these sites .
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that requests personal information .
Note that this policy does not cover the privacy practices of these linked sites .
General Information Collected : When visiting our site , some general information is collected including : IP address ( your computer 's unique signature ) Operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 ) Browser software ( e.g. , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Netscape ) Internet Service Provider ( e.g. , Earthlink , Verizon ) .
The information we collect is aggregated to reflect the population as a whole rather than focused on individuals .
We use it to help us better understand the people who visit our Web Site and to continually improve our products and services .
In addition , like many other sites with paid advertising , we disclose some of this non- personally identifiable , aggregate information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and clicked on their advertisements .
Third Party Service Providers
Agents and affiliates of PMC may occasionally process individual user data as required to provide services for which the user has registered .
However , they are not allowed to use this information for any other purpose .
All individual user data is owned and controlled by PMC .
From time to time we partner with third party service providers to offer additional products and services within the Web Site .
To participate in these offerings , you may be asked to provide personal information and agree to terms and conditions relating to the third party service provider .
Such requests for information will be displayed and requested by the third party in a straightforward manner with explanation as to whose privacy statement governs the collection of such information .
It is the responsibility of each user to provide PMC with accurate information at all times .
Personal information collected during the account registration process includes : name , street address , city , state , zip code , country , age , gender as well as an alternate email address ( optional ) .
Payment information will also be collected if users have registered for a premium account .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with best practices employed by other publishers and regulatory organizations across the industry .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Web Site to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy .
If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change .
We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Web Site visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information PMC shares with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : PMC , 9800 South La Cienega Blvd. , Los Angeles , CA 90301 .
In your request , please specify that you want a PMC California Privacy Rights Notice .
Please allow at least 30 days for a response .
For any questions or comments concerning PMC 's privacy policy , please write to :
Or send a letter to :
9800 South La Cienega Blvd .
Los Angeles , CA 90301
( 310 ) 321-5000

Vimeo , LLC respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy .
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us .
By using our website , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
Information We Collect About You
We may collect personal information that can identify you , such as your name and email address , and other information that does not identify you .
When you provide personal information through our website , the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world .
Information you provide .
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or provide to us in some other manner , including personal information that may be contained in any video , comment or other submission you upload or post to the website .
This includes identifying information , such as your name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number ; your likeness ; and , if you transact business with us , financial information such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) .
We also may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information .
Information from other sources .
We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties .
Examples of information that we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and additional demographic information .
Information about others .
We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us .
If you use our website to send others ( friends , relatives , colleagues , etc . ) a product as a gift , information that may interest them or messages ( such as invitations ) through our system , we may store your personal information , and the personal information of each such recipient .
Similarly , if you use our website to upload , share and/or distribute content ( including videos , comments or other submissions ) , and such content contains personal information about others , such information may be stored in order to allow for such uploading , sharing and/or distribution .
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information .
We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our site .
For more information on Cookies , please see our Cookie Policy .
Information collected automatically .
We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our website .
This information includes your IP address , your browser type and language , access times , the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us ( see `` Cookies '' below ) , and the referring website address .
When you visit our website , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our site .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our website .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our site .
We also may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
Information collected by third-parties .
We may allow third-parties , including our authorized service providers , IAC companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Unless expressly stated otherwise , our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver the products and services that you have requested ;
manage your account and provide you with customer support ;
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our products , services , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ;
communicate with you by e-mail , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , our sister IAC companies or other third parties ;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites ;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ;
enforce our terms and conditions ;
manage our business and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases , subscriptions or sales made on our website , to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and otherwise as needed to manage our business .
Please review `` Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information '' below .
With Whom We Share Your Information
We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our website or while using our services .
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared .
We may share personal information with :
Authorized service providers : We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , processing credit card payments , delivering packages , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , supporting our website functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our website .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
Business partners : To the extent any personal information is contained in any video , comment or other user submission , such information When you make purchases , reservations or engage in promotions offered through our website or our services , we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products , services , promotions , contests and/or sweepstakes .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
Direct mail partners .
From time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers , you can notify us at any time by clicking here .
Other IAC businesses .
We may share information we collect , including personal information , with the IAC companies .
Sharing information with our IAC companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you .
We also may disclose your information :
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us , in our sole discretion .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , report or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information .
Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties .
These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States .
Aggregated and non-personal information .
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties and our IAC sister companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
There are a number of places on our website or through our services where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement or a search result on our website , you may be taken to a website that we do not control .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those websites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting .
How You Can Access Your Information
If you have an online account with us , you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account .
You can also review and update your personal information by contacting us .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
After you close your account , you will not be able to sign in to our website or access any of your personal information .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
If you close your account , we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity , as well as to prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , enforce our terms and conditions , take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users , or take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
In addition , if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy , retention of that information will be subject to those third parties ' policies .
Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions on our website .
When you register on our website you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages and/or newsletters about product updates , improvements , special offers , or containing special distributions of content by us .
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by clicking on the following link and entering the email address associated with your account : click here .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request .
We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Please note that , changing information in your account , or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us .
If we have already provided your information to a third party ( such as a credit card processing partner or an event provider ) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information , you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party .
You may tell us not to share your personal information with third parties or the IAC family of companies for direct marketing purposes by clicking on the following link and entering the email address associated with your account : click here .
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information .
We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email .
We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others ; upload content ( e.g . pictures , videos , audio files , etc . ) ; and post comments or reviews of content found on the Website .
Such postings are governed by our Terms and Conditions of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Once you have posted information , you may not be able to edit or delete such information .
Our website is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Visiting Our Websites from Outside the United States
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on or via our website from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy .
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the `` Last Updated '' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us in your account , profile or registration ( unless we do not have such an email address ) , and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website .
We recommend that you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices , or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please contact us by email or postal mail as follows :
555 West 18th Street
New York , New York 10011
2013 Vimeo , LLC .
All rights reserved .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record keeping purposes .
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
For example , when you sign in to our website , we will record your user or member ID and the name on your user or member account in the cookie file on your computer .
We also may record your password in this cookie file , if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in .
For security purposes , we will encrypt any usernames , passwords , and other user or member account-related data that we store in such cookies .
In the case of sites and services that do not use a user or member ID , the cookie will contain a unique identifier .
We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities , such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site , content and advertising .
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings .
( Click `` Help '' in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions . )
If you do so , some of the features and services of our website may not function properly .
We may allow third-parties , including IAC companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties , but they may collect information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver , and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites .
They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you .
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party 's privacy policy .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies .
Unlike cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages ( or in email ) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website .

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us .
Because we gather certain types of information about the users of the World Bank 's sites and services , we want to ensure that you fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information .
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it .
This privacy policy applies to all World Bank sites - that is all sites within the `` worldbank.org '' domain name .
What Information Does the World Bank Collect
If you register for an email newsletter , buy a book , post to a blog or join a discussion group , you may be asked for information that helps to identify you , such as your name , email address , and organization .
The information you are asked to provide is used for technical and customer administration of the site only and is not shared with third parties .
If you have ordered a publication or made other purchases online , the Bank uses a contractual fulfillment vendor to process and ship orders , and a credit card processing service to bill users .
These companies do not retain , share , store or use identification information for any secondary purposes .
These parties are not allowed to use such information except for the purpose of providing these services .
The World Bank has and will continue to contract with third-party vendors to track and analyze information about the usage of World Bank sites .
This information is gathered so that the World Bank can better understand the usage of its sites and improve and develop them .
None of this information can be used to identify individual site visitors .
All vendors that the Bank works with have their own privacy policies that include clauses that they will not share Bank data with third parties unless specifically requested to do so by the Bank or as directed by law .
All data collected by third party vendors is owned by the World Bank , and the World Bank will not share , sell , distribute or rent this information to anyone .
Only summaries of visitors ' behavior are produced .
Examples of this type of information include statistics on most popular and least popular pages .
The information collected can not be traced back to a particular individual .
The purpose of this data collection is so that the World Bank can better understand the preferences of its visitors and improve its site and services .
This information is never connected with any personal information you supply to us if you register on our website .
Use of cookies and web beacons
When you register for one of our services , the World Bank sets a cookie , a small bit of code stored on your computer 's hard drive that enables you to manage your subscriptions and online profile .
By setting this cookie , the World Bank will remember you the next time you visit and wo n't have to bother you by asking questions you have already answered ( like address information ) .
You are always free to decline cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the site and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services on the website .
In addition , the World Bank also records your IP address , which is the Internet address of your computer , and information such as your browser type and operating system .
This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our website visitors and the technology they use to access our site .
The World Bank operates Youthink ! , a website that provides information on global issues that matter to today 's youth .
To participate in the discussion forums , users are required to disclose their name and email address .
This information is not used for commercial purposes , is not shared with third parties and is only used for site administration .
Parents have the right to request removal of any personal information provided by their children .
What If I Do n't Want to Share My Information
Registering on our site is optional .
If you choose not to register or provide personal information , you can still use the World Bank 's web site .
However , you will not be able to purchase items or receive email newsletters .
If you register for a newsletter , post to a blog , or contribute to a forum , consultation , or conference the Bank will not share , sell , distribute or rent your information to anyone .
On an occasional basis , and with your specific authorization , the Bank may share your mailing address information if you enter into a transaction on our Publications .
Your information will only be shared if you indicate that you would like to receive information from UN agencies , multilateral banks or international organizations .
Your e-mail address will never be shared with any outside party for marketing purposes and will be kept strictly confidential .
The World Bank Group employs a range of technologies to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the World Bank Privacy Policy , please contact us .
Cookie : A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other sites .
Once the user has closed the browser the cookie will no longer be accessed during that session .
Demographic Information : This may include your gender , age , postal code , interests , and other information you provide to us voluntarily .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the sites meets your needs .
For example , we could offer personalized News or reminders about upcoming events if you tell us which programs and topics you 're interested in .
IP Address : When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet , it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information .
This is called your computer 's `` IP address . ''
( IP stands for `` Internet protocol . '' )
For many users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider ( ISP ) , the IP address will be different every time you log on .
The World Bank does this to learn about the geographical make-up of its web site traffic .
Web Beacons : Also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` web bugs '' or `` pixel tags , '' these are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages .
Updated : June 2013

You may also write to The Knot Member Services at 195 Broadway , Floor 25 , New York , NY 10007 or call 800-390-9784 .
As we describe below , we may share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes .
How We Collect Your Information
The first thing to remember about privacy is that there is only so much information that any website can collect without your answering of specific questions .
The Knot logs IP addresses ( in other words , the location of your computer on the Internet ) for system administration , troubleshooting , and to examine overall traffic trends .
( For example , IP addresses help us determine the percentage of people coming from various online gateways , such as Yahoo ! or America Online . )
This information , in aggregate form , is recorded for administrative purposes only .
IP addresses are not linked to any personal information .
The Knot uses a cookie , a small data file stored on your computer , to customize portions of our site to your preferences .
For example , The Knot uses a cookie to identify you as a Knot member and to make sure that only you have access to , for example , your own personal wedding budget and calendar .
This way , you answer certain questions only once and not every time you participate in an activity or event .
The cookie by itself does n't tell us , or anyone else , who you are , what your email address is , or anything else personal .
You provide that information when you register with The Knot , and only The Knot has access to that information .
If you choose set up your browser to reject all cookies , please understand that you may be limited to some the areas or functionality within our site.For more information on cookies , please see our Cookie FAQ .
You can browse The Knot and read our editorial content without registering or providing any personal information .
However , in order to take advantage of our personalized services , you are required to provide us with information such as your name , email address , real-world address , wedding date , and role in the wedding .
We collect similar information from users who choose to participate in our contests and promotional events .
We always let you know before we collect any personal information from you .
We offer message boards , personal web pages , chat rooms and blogs on our website .
Any information you voluntarily disclose when you post to one of these areas becomes public and may be used by us for online and offline promotional and commercial uses .
If you choose to post comments on our website , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit is public and can be read , collected , or used by other users of those areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose to submit .
If you choose to use our `` Send to a Friend '' feature , which allows you to send an e-mail message to specified addresses and which contains a link to an article on our website that you think may be of interest to your friend ( s ) , we will ask you for the e-mail address ( es ) that the message should be sent to .
We will automatically send a one-time e-mail inviting the recipient ( s ) to read the article .
We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our `` Send to a Friend '' feature .
In some instances , third-party sponsorships and promotions on our site offer similar functionality , and in those cases , the information is not shared with the third party .
What We Do With the Information We Collect
Information we collect from your membership helps us to improve our content , customize certain pages for you , and update you about The Knot .
From time to time , The Knot does share names , postal addresses , email addresses , and other contact and/or demographic information with other pre-screened organizations that have specific product and service offers we think may be of interest to you .
The Knot also shares member information with partner retailers to allow your registries to be updated with purchase status .
We are a member of the Facebook Beacon Program .
If you are a member of Facebook , and are logged in to Facebook during the same time as you are logged into TheKnot.com , we may share information regarding your activities on our site with Facebook pursuant to your authorization .
If you agree to give Facebook access to this information , Facebook may publish it on your Facebook profile , send it to your friends in a News Feed , and use it to improve its site or services or for other purposes .
We do not control Facebook 's privacy policy , and its privacy policy will govern its use of your information once it has been shared by us .
We assume no liability for Facebook 's actions with respect to its use of your information or otherwise .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on our Web site .
These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients .
To do so , these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites .
This information can include : date/time of banner ad shown , the banner ad that was shown , their cookie , the IP address .
This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may either visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt-out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies .
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site .
This site will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies ' privacy policies .
Changing Your Personal Information and/or Newsletter Subscription
You can access or update your personal information , including subscriptions to our email newsletters , at any time .
You may also write to The Knot Member Services at 195 Broadway , Floor 25 , New York , NY 10007 or call 800-390-9784 .
The Knot contains links to other websites .
We can not be responsible for their content or for private information that you may choose to share with them .
Please note : Information you release directly to parties who provide services to The Knot , such as any vendors in The Knot Shop or other sites you encounter on the Internet ( even sites that are co-branded with The Knot ) may be subject to different rules of use or disclosure .
We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing personal information to third parties .
Your privacy is very important to us , but due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment , we can not fully ensure that your private communications and other personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties .
Under certain circumstances , the government or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
Additionally , in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries , we can disclose any information about you to private entities , law enforcement , or other government officials as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate .
Finally , we use industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information , such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers ( SSL ) where appropriate .
We also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line .
All of our users ' information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example , a Member Services representative ) are granted access to personally identifiable information .
Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk .
When they return , they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information .
Furthermore , ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices .
Every quarter , as well as any time new policies are added , our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy , and what they can do to ensure our customers ' information is protected .
Finally , the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment , behind a locked cage requiring keys , photo ID key cards and biometric scans to access .
We hope this policy clarifies our procedures regarding your personal information .
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on our Web site .
If at some point in the future , there is a change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information , we will notify you by email of the relevant changes .
We will also post the changes in our privacy statement 30 days prior to a change .
You should also check this posted privacy statement for changes .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page .

Important user information :
Latest Revisions : October 24 , 2013
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE BELOW .
These Terms of Use ( the `` TOU '' ) state the terms and conditions under which Answers Corporation and its affiliates ( collectively , `` Answers , '' `` our '' or `` us '' ) provide you ( `` you , '' or `` your '' ) access to the Answers.com site ( together with any sub-domains thereto and future sites operated by Answers , the `` Site , '' which defined term includes the Services and Software , each as defined below ) .
BY ACCESSING , BROWSING , OR USING THE SITES AND SERVICES ( AS DEFINED BELOW ) , YOU ARE DEEMED TO ACCEPT THE TOU , AS WELL AS OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND GENERAL DISCLAIMER ( each of which is incorporated herein by reference ) , AS A BINDING AGREEMENT .
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TOU , THE PRIVACY POLICY , OR THE GENERAL DISCLAIMER , PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES ( as defined below ) .
YOUR USE OF THE SITES AND SERVICES AND INFORMATION PROVIDED THEREIN MUST IN ALL CASES COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS .
DESCRIPTION OF SITES , SERVICES , AND SOFTWARE
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS ; CHANGES TO TOU
YOUR LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICES
ANSWERS ' PRIVACY POLICY
POSTINGS TO THE SERVICES
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICES
DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS OR THIRD PARTY VENDORS
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM
SEVERABILITY ; ENGLISH LANGUAGE
DESCRIPTION OF SITES , SERVICES , AND SOFTWARE
Answers.com is a questions and answers site .
It is supported and grown by a community of users collaboratively creating a vast Q & A database based on a `` wiki '' model ( the `` WikiAnswers Service '' ) .
The site also provides users with access to a rich collection of resources , including but not limited to , dictionaries , encyclopedias , atlases , glossaries , thesauri and other reference works , collectively known as ReferenceAnswers .
( Answers.com 's WikiAnswers Service and ReferenceAnswers component are collectively referred to as the `` Service '' . )
Please note that the Service includes information and software provided from our third party licensors .
Unless explicitly stated otherwise , any modifications , updates , new features , or enhancements to the Service are also subject to the TOU .
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS ; CHANGES TO TOU
Answers provides the Service to you subject to the following TOU , which may be updated by us from time to time in our sole discretion .
Each time changes are made to the TOU , a revised TOU will be posted on the Site .
Your continued use of the Service , or any part thereof , following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes .
If you do not wish to be bound by the TOU , you should discontinue your use of the Service .
YOUR LICENSE TO USE THE SERVICES
Answers grants you a personal , non-exclusive , non-transferable , revocable license to use the Service , including the Site and Software .
You may not modify , publish , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale , create derivative works , or in any way exploit any of the content included in the Service , in whole or in part .
You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only .
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law , no copying , redistribution , retransmission , publication , or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of Answers and the copyright owner .
In the event of any permitted copying , redistribution , or publication of copyrighted material , no changes in or deletion of author attribution , trademark legend , or copyright notice shall be made .
You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material .
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement , you may not : ( i ) decompile , reverse engineer , reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code , except as otherwise permitted by applicable law ; or ( ii ) remove or alter any trademark , logo , copyright or other proprietary notices , legends , symbols or labels on the Service .
You may not access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Answers .
Furthermore , you may not use the Service in any manner that could damage , disable , overburden , or impair the Services ( e.g. , you may not access the Service in an automated manner by use of `` spiders '' , `` robots '' or otherwise ) , nor may you use the Service in any manner that could interfere with any other party 's use and enjoyment of the Service .
You are not permitted to retrieve and store in electronic or any other form any material part of the databases underlying the Service .
All commercial and/or unauthorized use of the Service is strictly prohibited .
You agree not to use or resell the Service for any commercial purpose , including , but not limited to , sending unsolicited commercial messages .
The Service remain at all times the sole property of Answers or its third party licensors , and its use is subject to the copyright and trademark notices that are found here .
All rights in the Service not expressly granted to you by Answers under the TOU are retained by Answers .
ANSWERS ' PRIVACY POLICY
Answers protects your personally identifiable data as set forth in Answers ' privacy policy ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) .
The Privacy Policy explains our collection and use of personally identifiable information .
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy before you use the Service .
POSTINGS TO THE SERVICES
The Service may permit you to post , submit transmit , email , or otherwise make available questions , answers , comments , or information ( collectively , `` Postings '' . )
You may only submit Postings that you created or that you have permission to submit and that do not violate copyright , trademark , or any other rights of third parties .
We do not claim ownership of any Postings that you may submit .
However , by submitting Postings , you grant us , our subsidiaries , affiliates , successors , and assigns a perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , royalty-free , fully-paid , non-exclusive , and sub-licensable license to use , copy , display , distribute , modify , adapt , publish , translate , publicly perform and publicly display the Postings ( in whole or in part ) and to incorporate the Postings into other works in any format or medium now or later known .
You may not upload , post , submit , email , transmit , or otherwise make available any Postings that ( i ) contain falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Answers or any third party ; ( ii ) are unlawful , obscene , defamatory , libelous , threatening , pornographic , harassing , hateful , racially or ethnically offensive , or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense , give rise to civil liability , violate any law , or are otherwise inappropriate ; ( iii ) contain advertisements , solicitations of business or spam ; ( iv ) disseminate or transmit any worms , viruses or other harmful , disruptive or destructive files , code or programs ; ( v ) collect or store personal information about others or otherwise invade their privacy ; or ( vi ) impersonate another person or forge headers or use any other method to disguise the true origin of the Posting .
Additionally , you may not submit any Postings that violate the TOU .
You acknowledge that Answers is not obligated to pre-screen content submitted by members , but that Answers shall have the right ( but not the obligation ) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is made available via Answers by any user that violates the TOU or is otherwise objectionable .
Answers respects the intellectual property of others and asks you to do the same .
Answers may , in appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion , terminate your right to use the Service for any reason , including , but not limited to , if you are a repeat infringer .
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated , please see Notice of Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Agent for Notice .
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE
Answers reserves the right at any time , and from time to time , to modify , suspend , or discontinue , temporarily or permanently , the Service ( or any part thereof ) with or without notice .
You agree that Answers shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification , suspension or discontinuance .
DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS OR THIRD PARTY VENDORS
Answers may include advertisements on the Service , which are necessary for Answers to provide the Service to its users free of charge .
Your correspondence or business dealings with , or participation in promotions of , advertisers or third party vendors found on or through the Service , including payment and delivery of related goods or products , and any other terms , conditions , warranties or representations associated with such dealings , are solely between you and such advertiser or third party vendor .
Any question , complaints , or claims should be directed to the appropriate advertiser or third party vendor .
Additionally , all product reviews and ratings are informative for those wishing to use them , but they do not guarantee any level of performance by a third party vendor in any transaction .
You agree that Answers shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers or third party vendors or product reviews or ratings on the Service .
This policy only addresses the Service .
The Service may provide , or third parties may provide , links to other World Wide Web sites .
Additionally , in many cases , co-branded services that are jointly provided by us and selected companies will contain the Service 's branding , but might not be hosted by us .
Because Answers has no control over such sites , you acknowledge and agree that Answers is not responsible for the availability of such external or co-branded sites , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites .
You should not attribute any views or information on such sites to Answers .
You further acknowledge and agree that Answers shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content , goods or products available on or through any such linked site .
You should follow the link to the terms of use on the appropriate page for such sites to determine which company 's terms of use governs such sites .
Anyone linking to the Service must comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws : A site that links to any Service ( i ) may link to but not replicate the Service 's content ; ( ii ) should not create a browser or border environment around any Service 's content ; ( iii ) should not imply that Answers is endorsing it or its products ; ( iv ) should not misrepresent its relationship with Answers or the Service ; ( v ) should not present false information about Answers or the Service ; ( iv ) should not use any Answers ' trademarks , trade names , or logos without permission from Answers ; and ( vi ) should not contain content that is reasonably considered profanity , defamatory , vulgar , or otherwise unlawful .
WE DO NOT INDEPENDENTLY VERIFY THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE SERVICE .
ADDITIONALLY , THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN `` AS IS '' AND `` AS AVAILABLE '' BASIS , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND .
ANSWERS , AND ITS THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS , SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABLE , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , AND NON-INFRINGMENT .
ANSWERS , ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT : ( i ) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS , ( ii ) THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED , SECURE OR ERROR-FREE , ( iii ) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE , ( iv ) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS , SOFTWARE , SERVICE , INFORMATION , OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS , OR ( v ) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED .
NEITHER WE , NOR OUR LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS , GUARANTEE THE RELIABILITY , ACCURACY , COMPLETENESS , SAFETY , TIMELINESS , LEGALITY , USEFULNESS , ADEQUACY OR SUITABILITY OF ANY OF THE SERVICE .
THE SERVICE MAY BE HARMFUL , UNTIMELY , INCOMPLETE , OR INACCURATE AND , ACCORDINGLY , YOU AGREE TO EXERCISE CAUTION , DISCRETION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN USING THE SERVICE .
YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SERVICE FOR EMERGENCY PURPOSES OR TO SEEK OR PROVIDE DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT OF MEDICAL , PSYCHOLOGICAL OR OTHER PROBLEMS OR DIFFICULTIES , OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL , PSYCHOLOGICAL , TAX , LEGAL , INVESTMENT , ACCOUNTING , OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE .
THE ENTIRE RISK FOR USE OF THE SERVICE IS BORNE BY YOU .
ADDITIONALLY , PLEASE REVIEW OUR GENERAL DISCLAIMER , WHICH IS HEREBY MADE A PART OF THE TOU .
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES , SO A PORTION OF THE FOREGOING MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU , IN WHICH CASE THE DURATION OF ANY SUCH IMPLIED WARRANTIES IS LIMITED TO THE MINIMUM PERIOD PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW .
NONE OF THE LICENSORS , CONTRIBUTORS , SPONSORS , ADMINISTRATORS , OR ANYONE ELSE CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICE IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER CAN BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE APPEARANCE OF ANY INACCURATE INFORMATION OR FOR YOUR USE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN OR LINKED FROM THE SERVICE .
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , IN NO EVENT WILL WE , OR OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS , BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS THE SERVICE , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL , WORK DISRUPTIONS , COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION , OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF , AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY ( CONTRACT , TORT , BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE ) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED .
NEITHER WE NOR OUR LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THE SERVICE AND/OR ANY MATERIAL LINKED THROUGH THE SERVICE .
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ANSWERS ' , OR ANSWERS ' LICENSORS ' , DIRECT LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SERVICE EXCEED THE GREATER OF ( I ) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID ANSWERS FOR SUCH USE OR ( II ) $ 10.00 .
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY , AND THEREFORE THIS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU .
You agree to indemnify and hold Answers , its subsidiaries and affiliates , and their respective officers , directors , employees , and agents harmless from and against any and all liability , losses , claims , demands or costs of any kind , including reasonable attorneys ' fees and costs of litigation , arising from ( i ) your Postings or other content you submit , post , transmit , email , or otherwise make available through the Service , ( ii ) your use of or reliance on the Service , ( iii ) your connection to the Service , ( iv ) your violation of the TOU , or ( v ) your violation of any rights of another party .
The Answers.com and other Service names , trademarks and logos are trademarks of Answers or its third-party licensors .
Without our written prior permission , or that of applicable third parties , you agree not to display , or use in any manner , the marks of Answers .
The trademarks , logos , and service marks not owned on behalf of Answers and that are displayed on the Service are the registered or unregistered marks of their respective owners .
No rights are granted by Answers to use such marks , whether by implication , estoppel , or otherwise .
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM
The TOU and the relationship between you and Answers shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
You and Answers agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and forum convenience of the federal and state courts located in New York , New York .
SEVERABILITY ; ENGLISH LANGUAGE
If any provision in the TOU should be held illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction , such provision shall be modified to the extent necessary to render it enforceable without losing its intent , or severed from the TOU if no such modification is possible , and the other provisions of the TOU shall remain in full force and effect .
The controlling language of the TOU is English .
If you have received a translation into another language , it has been provided for your convenience only .
The headings to the sections of the TOU are used for convenience only and shall have no substantive meaning or impact on the interpretation of the TOU .
If you are located outside the U.S. , then you are responsible for complying with any local laws in your jurisdiction that might impact your right to use the Service , and you represent that you have complied with any regulations or registration procedures required by applicable law to make the TOU enforceable .
The TOU constitute the entire agreement between you and Answers and govern your use of the Service , superseding any prior agreements between you and Answers .
Please note , however , that Service may have additional or different terms related specifically to such Service only ( `` Service Terms '' ) .
The Service Terms are in addition to the general terms and conditions in the TOU .
If there is any conflict between the TOU and the Service Terms , the Service Terms will govern with respect to that particular Service .
Some terms contained in the TOU may not be applicable to a particular Service , in which case , such inapplicable terms will not apply to you with respect to that particular Service .
Latest Revision : October 10 , 2013
Thank you for visiting Answers.com ( the `` Site '' ) , an Answers Corporation ( together with its affiliates , `` Answers '' , `` us , '' `` our , '' or `` we '' ) website .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the Site and in connection with the various services and software products we provide on or through the Site ( collectively the `` Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated in our Terms of Use and by using the Site and Services , you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use any of the Site or Services .
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers known as the `` Internet Protocol '' IP address .
Like most web servers , when a visitor requests a page from the Site , our servers automatically recognize and log his/her domain name and IP address , along with the access times , referring web sites , platform , and browser type .
The information collected is not personally identifiable ( as described here ) and is used only to provide statistics about usage of the Site in the aggregate to improve the quality of the Site and Services , to better understand how people interact with us , to deliver advertising and measure its effectiveness , to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you , or to cooperate with law enforcement .
We may use third party contractors to collect and aggregate such information .
Additionally , please note that none of the Services include `` spyware , '' meaning the Services do not run any background processes that report information about your software or hardware configuration or your web browsing or purchasing habits .
How We Track It
The Site and Services use either cookies and/or registry settings on your computer to store user information .
A `` cookie '' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
Additionally , some ad networks may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about usage on the Site .
A web beacon is a transparent image , typically in GIF format that can recognize certain types of information on a visitor 's computer , such as a visitor 's cookie number , time and date of page view , and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
You may disable cookies on your web browser , thereby also rendering some web beacons unusable .
You can use the Site and Services even if cookies are disabled , but this may impact our ability to adapt any of the Site or Services according to your preferences .
Personally identifiable information is information you provide to us that is uniquely associated with you , including your first and last name , a home or physical address , email address , and telephone number .
Information identifying an entity other than an individual ( e.g. , a school or library ) does not constitute personally identifiable information and is treated the same as anonymous information discussed in this privacy policy .
Although you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to use most parts of the Site or Services , registration and full utilization of some of our Services do require that you provide certain personally identifiable information .
For example , personally identifiable information you might provide could include your contact information if you participate in a promotion or sweepstakes , your email address if you are registering for Answers.com or requesting Answers ' highlights or newsletters or if you submit a help request to us via email or respond to employment opportunities posted on the Site .
Other personally identifiable information you might provide could include your contact information if you participate in a promotion or sweepstakes , your email address if you request Answers ' highlights or newsletters or if you submit a help request to us via email or respond to employment opportunities posted on the Site .
The amount of such personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose to us is completely up to you , although access to or use of some Services may be affected if such information is not provided .
We have put in place procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
In accordance with the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as amended , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
In addition to using the anonymous identifying information that we track for internal purposes in the manner described here , this information may also , on an aggregate basis , be shared with and used by third parties with which we have contracted ( e.g. , our third-party content providers and licensees of Answers ' services ) .
Furthermore , in addition to Answers providing its own advertising , Answers uses third-party advertising companies and networks to serve ads when you visit the Site .
These companies and networks include , among others , third party ad servers , ad agencies , ad technology vendors , and research firms .
These companies and networks may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Site , our ad networks may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser or use a `` web beacon . ''
An example of such ad network is Google , Inc .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google , click here .
For more information on the Site 's use of other third-party ad networks , please click here .
For information on the Site 's use of Microsoft Advertising , click here .
To opt out of targeted advertising from Microsoft Advertising , click here .
Certain third-party ad network providers may use web beacons and cookies to help present , better target , and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements , using non-personally identifiable data ( such as sites visited and browser type ) gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience .
This is also known as online behavioral advertising .
An example of such ad network serving advertisements on our site is AOL/Ad.com , a member of the Network Advertising Initiative .
Other examples are Microsoft Advertising , whereby data collection by or on behalf of Microsoft is taking place in connection our services agreement with 24/7 Media US , Inc. as well as by or on behalf of 24/7 Media itself .
Please note that ad networks ' use of cookies or web beacons , and that of any other third-party that has a link available on any Site , is subject to their own privacy policies and not this privacy policy .
Personally Identifiable Information :
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to any third parties , unless we have your consent .
We may disclose your personally identifying information , however , in any of the following limited circumstances ( i ) if we have your consent ; ( ii ) to our external service providers when necessary in order to facilitate , provides services to , and evaluate the Site and Services ; and ( iii ) if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of Answers , its users or the public .
Additionally , we may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Answers or any of the Site and/or Services , such as acquisition by or merger with another company .
Links and Co-Branded Sites
This policy only addresses the Site and Services .
Other websites , such as those to which we link or with which we co-brand , may have their own policies .
These other sites to which we link or with which we co-brand might independently collect data , solicit personal information , or send their own cookies to you .
We are not responsible for any use of information when you use such third party sites .
Additionally , in many cases , co-branded services that are jointly provided by us and selected companies will contain the Site branding , but might not be hosted by us .
In such cases , you should follow the privacy link on such site to determine which company 's privacy policy protects the information you enter on such site .
Even if the page is governed by a separate privacy policy , we might be entitled to receive information about what you do when using that service .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other companies and to contact these companies directly if you have any questions about their use of this information .
Changes to This Privacy Statement
Answers may amend this policy from time to time by posting the new text on the Site .
Unless otherwise provided , the revised terms will take effect when they are posted .
Once any changes that we make to this Privacy Policy become effective , your continued use of the Site or Services after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms .

Other languages Help us translating this wiki
This page describes the OpenStreetMap privacy policy .
It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you , who can see this information , and what options you have for controlling this .
Contents [ hide ]
3 Current Privacy Policy
3.1 GPS Trace Data
3.3 User 'home ' location
Development of the software behind OpenStreetMap , is a community effort , with many developers involved and work taking place on many separate components .
Generally a good level of care is being taken to ensure that personal information of mappers contributing to the project , will not fall into the wrong hands .
This has come about as a series of independent decisions within the design of the various components .
The following descriptions are a de facto accumulation of this into a 'privacy policy ' describing how we work with the data .
We are working to improve the technology to offer a more coherent privacy model .
You should always view OpenStreetMap systems and software with a questioning mind , and feel free to raise any concerns you have about matters of privacy via our Contact channels .
As well as privacy issues , users and contributors must also be aware of the OpenStreetMap License .
This includes disclaimers .
We also have an Acceptable Use Policy covering various types of server usage .
GPS data is uploaded in the form of individual GPX files .
These are kept as raw files , as well as imported into the database .
GPX files can be marked `` public '' by the uploader ; this is completely unrelated to the option of making one 's edits `` public '' .
When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API no indication is provided of which user uploaded a point , or of the timestamp that was associated with the point .
Points are however returned in timestamp order .
GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces which were not marked as public .
If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw trace may be downloaded from the web site or using an API call .
In this case the user 's display name is shown ( regardless of whether the user has made their edits public ) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be included .
Also , any additional information placed in the GPX file will still be present , e.g . waypoints with their names and/or notes entered , associated symbols , elevation data , etc .
All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID of the user making the change , and a timestamp at the time of change upload .
In general all of this information is also made available to everyone via the website , including links to allow everyone to easily cross-reference which user has made which edit .
Historically OpenStreetMap offered an option to make `` anonymous edits '' .
This means the website does not display an association between edits and user ID .
We intend to continue respecting the wishes of those users who ( in the past ) made edits in this mode , however we no longer allow users to make further edits in anonymous mode .
This is because revealing the user ID of a user making a change , is not deemed to present a serious privacy problem ( a user ID does not necessarily need to reveal a user 's real name or any other personal information ) , whereas hiding this information creates serious problems when tracing vandalism and otherwise understanding map editing history .
You can find out more about this , on the Anonymous edits page .
User 'home ' location
If a user sets a home location then they will appear on the `` nearby mappers '' list for other people with a home location near theirs .
This is an option on your account settings page .
The registered email address for an OSM user account , will never intentionally be published on the internet anywhere , shared with third party organisations , or revealed directly to other logged in users .
Email addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user has sent a message through the website .
Only System Administrators will have direct access to email address data .
It may be used by these people to contact users directly about their edits or other OpenStreetMap related issues .
Note that some other types of Accounts used by developers/community do expose email address information more publicly ( due to technical limitations of the software used , rather than policy decisions ) The Trac system exposes your email address in plaintext on the page if the email address ( rather than the display name ) is used to login .
The mailing list system exposes email addresses of people posting messages , in the archive web pages , but with obfuscation .
If you want to post to the list , the system also requires you to register with your proper 'from ' address , not a forwarding address .
As mentioned above , feel free to raise any concerns you have about matters of privacy via our Contact channels .
Discuss the contents of this page on Talk : Privacy Policy

XBMC : General disclaimer
( Redirected from XBMC : Privacy policy )
XBMC Media Center is a free and open source cross-platform media player and home entertainment system software .
The services for the XBMC software ( including developer tools , resources , download areas , files , source code , product information , documentation , communication forums , bug tracker , wiki , etc . all collectively called `` services '' ) that the XBMC Project , its members , and websites provide are for the purpose of providing support to the XBMC community .
The structure of the project allows anyone to alter the contents of provided in these services .
These services and all content , products and services on them are provided on an as is , `` with all faults '' , and `` as available '' basis , without warranty of any kind , either express or implied .
Your use of these services is at your own risk .
XBMC disclaims all warranties , express or implied , including without limitation , warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
XBMC disclaims liability for any direct , indirect , incidental , special , consequential , exemplary , punitive or other damages , or lost profits , that may result directly or indirectly from the use of these services and any material that is downloaded or obtained through the use of these services .
This includes , without limitation , any damage to computer systems , hardware or software , loss of data , or any other performance failures , any errors , bugs , viruses or other defects that result from , or are associated with the use of this website .
1 No formal peer review
None of the contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with XBMC in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these services .
2 No contract ; limited license
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided by any of these services is being provided freely , and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of these services , the owners of the servers upon which it is housed , the individual contributors to these services , any project administrators , sysops or anyone else who is in any way connected with the XBMC project subject to your claims against them directly .
You are being granted a limited license to copy anything from this site ; it does not create or imply any contractual or extracontractual liability on the part of XBMC or any of its agents , members , organizers or other users .
There is no agreement or understanding between you and XBMC regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License ( CC-BY-SA ) ; neither is anyone at XBMC responsible should someone change , edit , modify or remove any information that you may post on any service provided for XBMC .
Only text is assumed to be released under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License .
Images are assumed to be under a different license unless otherwise specifically noted .
Any of the trademarks , service marks , collective marks , design rights or similar rights that are mentioned , used or cited in the services provided for XBMC are the property of their respective owners .
Their use in any XBMC service does not imply that you may use them for any other purpose other than for the same or a similar use as contemplated by the original authors of content provided by these services under the CC-BY-SA licensing scheme .
Unless otherwise stated XBMC are neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such XBMC can not grant any rights to use any otherwise protected materials .
Your use of any such or similar incorporeal property is at your own risk .
5 Jurisdiction and legality of content
Publication of information found in any of the services provided for XBMC may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information .
The servers providing these services are located in different locations of the world and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law in respect to their location .
Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution .
XMBC does not encourage the violation of any laws ; and can not be responsible for any violations of such laws , should you link to the domain of the websites of these services or use , reproduce , or republish the information contained therein .
Yes , it gives most of us a headache to read all of this , but it 's important so thank you for your patience and now , enjoy XBMC !
Log in / create accountProject pageDiscussionReadView sourceView history
This page was last modified on 13 November 2013 , at 22:34 .

This version of the Privacy policy was approved in October 2008 by the Board of Trustees .
Discussion and proposed changes are welcome on the talk page at Meta .
It is requested that this notice be translated and linked from the footer ( MediaWiki : Copyright ) of every page .
2 The public and collaborative nature of the projects
3 Activities on Foundation projects
4 User accounts and authorship
5 Purpose of the collection of private information
6 Details of data retention
6.1.1 IP and other technical information
7 Access to and release of personally identifiable information
This policy covers personally identifiable information collected or stored by the Foundation on its servers in relation to the Projects and their communities .
Consistent with its Data Retention Policy , the Foundation collects and retains the least amount of personally identifiable information needed to fulfill the Projects ' operational needs .
The public and collaborative nature of the projects
All Projects of the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively developed by its users using the MediaWiki software .
Anyone with Internet access ( and not otherwise restricted from doing so ) may edit the publicly editable pages of these sites with or without logging in as a registered user .
By doing this , editors create a published document , and a public record of every word added , subtracted , or changed .
This is a public act , and editors are identified publicly as the author of such changes .
All contributions made to a Project , and all publicly available information about those contributions , are irrevocably licensed and may be freely copied , quoted , reused and adapted by third parties with few restrictions .
Activities on Foundation projects
In general , this Policy only applies to private information stored or held by the Foundation which is not publicly available .
Interactions with the Projects not covered by this Policy include , but are not limited to , aspects of browsing and editing pages , use of the wiki `` email user '' function , subscribing and posting to Foundation hosted email lists , and corresponding with volunteers via the Foundation 's ticketing system ( `` OTRS '' ) .
These interactions may reveal a contributor 's IP address , and possibly other personal information , indiscriminately to the general public , or to specific groups of volunteers acting independently of the Foundation .
Users may also interact with one another outside of Foundation sites , via email , IRC or other chat , or independent websites , and should assess the risks involved , and their personal need for privacy , before using these methods of communication .
User accounts and authorship
The Foundation does not require editors to register with a project .
Anyone can edit without logging in with a username , in which case they will be identified by network IP address .
Users that do register are identified by their chosen username .
Users select a password , which is confidential and used to verify the integrity of their account .
Except insofar as it may be required by law , no person should disclose , or knowingly expose , either user passwords and/or cookies generated to identify a user .
Once created , user accounts will not be removed .
It may be possible for a username to be changed , depending on the policies of individual projects .
The Foundation does not guarantee that a username will be changed on request .
Purpose of the collection of private information
The Foundation limits the collection of personally identifiable user data to purposes which serve the well-being of its projects , including but not limited to the following :
To enhance the public accountability of the projects .
The Foundation recognizes that any system that is open enough to allow the greatest possible participation of the general public will also be vulnerable to certain kinds of abuse and counterproductive behavior .
The Foundation and the project communities have established a number of mechanisms to prevent or remedy abusive activities .
For example , when investigating abuse on a project , including the suspected use of malicious sockpuppets ( duplicate accounts ) , vandalism , harassment of other users , or disruptive behavior , the IP addresses of users ( derived either from those logs or from records in the database ) may be used to identify the source ( s ) of the abusive behavior .
This information may be shared by users with administrative authority who are charged by their communities with protecting the projects .
To provide site statistics .
The Foundation statistically samples raw log data from users ' visits .
These logs are used to produce the site statistics pages ; the raw log data is not made public .
To solve technical problems .
Log data may be examined by developers in the course of solving technical problems and in tracking down badly-behaved web spiders that overwhelm the site .
Details of data retention
IP and other technical information
When a visitor requests or reads a page , or sends email to a Wikimedia server , no more information is collected than is typically collected by web sites .
The Wikimedia Foundation may keep raw logs of such transactions , but these will not be published or used to track legitimate users .
When a page is edited by a logged-in editor , the server confidentially stores related IP information for a limited period of time .
This information is automatically deleted after a set period .
For editors who do not log in , the IP address used is publicly and permanently credited as the author of the edit .
It may be possible for a third party to identify the author from this IP address in conjunction with other information available .
Logging in with a registered username allows for better preservation of privacy .
The sites set a temporary session cookie on a visitor 's computer whenever a Project page is visited .
Readers who do not intend to log in or edit may deny this cookie ; it will be deleted at the end of the browser 's session .
More cookies may be set when one logs in to maintain logged-in status .
If one saves a user name or password in one 's browser , that information will be saved for up to 30 days , and this information will be resent to the server on every visit to the same Project .
Contributors using a public machine who do not wish to show their username to future users of the machine should clear these cookies after use .
Edits or other contributions to a Project on its articles , user pages and talk pages are generally retained forever .
Removing text from a project does not permanently delete it .
Normally , in projects , anyone can look at a previous version of an article and see what was there .
Even if an article is `` deleted '' , a user entrusted with higher level of access may still see what was removed from public view .
Information can be permanently deleted by individuals with access to Wikimedia servers , but aside from the rare circumstance when the Foundation is required to delete editing-history material in response to a court order or equivalent legal process , there is no guarantee any permanent deletion will happen .
User contributions are also aggregated and publicly available .
User contributions are aggregated according to their registration and login status .
Data on user contributions , such as the times at which users edited and the number of edits they have made , are publicly available via user contributions lists , and in aggregated forms published by other users .
No more information on users and other visitors reading pages is collected than is typically collected in server logs by web sites .
Aside from the above raw log data collected for general purposes , page visits do not expose a visitor 's identity publicly .
Sampled raw log data may include the IP address of any user , but it is not reproduced publicly .
Edits to Project pages are identified with the username or network IP address of the editor , and editing history is aggregated by author in a contribution list .
Such information will be available permanently on the projects .
Logged in registered users :
Logged in users do not expose their IP address to the public except in cases of abuse , including vandalism of a wiki page by the user or by another user with the same IP address .
A user 's IP address is stored on the wiki servers for a period of time , during which it can be seen by server administrators and by users who have been granted CheckUser access .
IP address information , and its connection to any usernames that share it , may be released under certain circumstances ( see below ) .
Editors using a company mail server from home or telecommuting over a DSL or cable Internet connection , are likely to be easy to identify by their IP address ; in which case it may be easy to cross-identify all contributions to various Projects made by that IP .
Using a username is a better way of preserving privacy in this situation .
Unlogged-in registered users and unregistered users :
Editors who have not logged in may be identified by network IP address .
Depending on one 's connection , this IP address may be traceable to a large Internet service provider or more specifically to a school , place of business or home .
It may be possible to use this information in combination with other information , including editing style and preferences , to identify an author completely .
On wiki discussion pages :
Any editable page can theoretically be the location of a discussion .
In general , discussions on Foundation projects occur on user talk pages ( associated with particular users ) , on article talk pages ( associated with particular articles ) or in pages specially designated to function as forums ( e.g. , the Village Pump ) .
Privacy expectations apply to discussion pages in the same way as they do elsewhere .
Users are not required to list an email address when registering .
Users who provide a valid email address can enable other logged-in users to send email to them through the wiki .
When receiving an email from other users through this system , one 's email address is not revealed to them .
When choosing to send an email to other users , one 's email is displayed as the sender .
The email address put into one 's user preferences may be used by the Foundation for communication .
Users whose accounts do not have a valid email address will not be able to reset their password if it is lost .
In such a situation , however , users may be able to contact one of the Wikimedia server administrators to enter a new e-mail address .
A user can remove the account 's email address from his preferences at any time to prevent it from being used .
Private correspondence between users may be saved at those users ' discretion and is not subject to Wikimedia Foundation policy .
On mailing lists :
The email addresses used to subscribe and post to Project mailing lists are exposed to other subscribers .
The list archives of most such mailing lists are public , and searches of public archives may be performed on the Web .
Subscribers ' addresses may also be quoted in other users ' messages .
These email addresses and any messages sent to a mailing list may be archived and may remain available to the public permanently .
Some e-mail addresses ( such as info-en at wikimedia dot org ) forward mail to a team of volunteers trusted by the Foundation to use a ticket system , such as OTRS , to respond .
Mail sent to this system is not publicly visible , but volunteers selected by the Foundation will have access to it .
The ticket system team may discuss the contents of received mail with other contributors in order to respond effectively .
Mail to private addresses of members of Board of Trustees and to staff of the Foundation may also be forwarded to the OTRS team .
These messages and e-mail addresses may be saved by members of the OTRS team and any email service they use , and may remain available to them .
IRC channels are not officially part of the Wikimedia Foundation and are not operated on Wikimedia controlled servers .
The IP address of users who chat over such a service may be exposed to other participants .
IRC users ' privacy on each channel can only be protected according to the policies of the respective service and channel .
Different channels have different policies on whether logs may be published .
Access to and release of personally identifiable information
Projects are primarily run by volunteer contributors .
Some dedicated users are chosen by the community to be given privileged access .
For example , for an English Wikipedia user , user access levels to Wikipedia are determined by the user 's presence in various 'user groups ' .
User group rights and group members are reachable in every project from the Special : ListGroupRights page .
Other users who may have access to private identifiable information include , but are not limited to , users who have access to OTRS , or to the CheckUser and Oversight functions , users elected by project communities to serve as stewards or Arbitrators , Wikimedia Foundation employees , trustees , appointees , and contractors and agents employed by the Foundation , and developers and others with high levels of server access .
Access to and publication of this information is governed by the Access to nonpublic data policy , as well as specific policies covering some of the functions in question .
Sharing information with other privileged users is not considered `` distribution . ''
Release : Policy on Release of Data
It is the policy of Wikimedia that personally identifiable data collected in the server logs , or through records in the database via the CheckUser feature , or through other non-publicly-available methods , may be released by Wikimedia volunteers or staff , in any of the following situations :
In response to a valid subpoena or other compulsory request from law enforcement ,
With permission of the affected user ,
When necessary for investigation of abuse complaints ,
Where the information pertains to page views generated by a spider or bot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or resolve technical issues ,
Where the user has been vandalizing articles or persistently behaving in a disruptive way , data may be released to a service provider , carrier , or other third-party entity to assist in the targeting of IP blocks , or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers ,
Where it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of the Wikimedia Foundation , its users or the public .
Except as described above , Wikimedia policy does not permit distribution of personally identifiable information under any circumstances .
Third-party access and notifying registered users when receiving legal process :
As a general principle , the access to , and retention of , personally identifiable data in all projects should be minimal and should be used only internally to serve the well-being of the projects .
Occasionally , however , the Foundation may receive a subpoena or other compulsory request from a law-enforcement agency or a court or equivalent government body that requests the disclosure of information about a registered user , and may be compelled by law to comply with the request .
In the event of such a legally compulsory request , the Foundation will attempt to notify the affected user within three business days after the arrival of such subpoena by sending a notice by email to the email address ( if any ) that the affected user has listed in his or her user preferences .
The Foundation can not advise a user receiving such a notification regarding the law or an appropriate response to a subpoena .
The Foundation does note , however , that such users may have the legal right to resist or limit that information in court by filing a motion to quash the subpoena .
Users who wish to oppose a subpoena or other compulsory request should seek legal advice concerning applicable rights and procedures that may be available .
If the Foundation receives a court-filed motion to quash or otherwise limit the subpoena as a result of action by a user or their lawyer , the Foundation will not disclose the requested information until Wikimedia receives an order from the court to do so .
Registered users are not required to provide an email address .
However , when an affected registered user does not provide an email address , the Foundation will not be able to notify the affected user in private email messages when it receives requests from law enforcement to disclose personally identifiable information about the user .
The Wikimedia Foundation believes that maintaining and preserving the privacy of user data is an important value .
This Privacy Policy , together with other policies , resolutions , and actions by the Foundation , represents a committed effort to safeguard the security of the limited user information that is collected and retained on our servers .
Nevertheless , the Foundation can not guarantee that user information will remain private .
We acknowledge that , in spite of our committed effort to protect private user information , determined individuals may still develop data-mining and other methods to uncover such information and disclose it .
For this reason , the Foundation can make no guarantee against unauthorized access to information provided in the course of participating in Foundation Projects or related communities .

Like most website operators , WordPress.org collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the date and time of each visitor request .
WordPress.org 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how WordPress.org 's visitors use its website .
From time to time , WordPress.org may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate , e.g. , by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website .
WordPress.org also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
WordPress.org does not use such information to identify its visitors , however , and does not disclose such information , other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information , as described below .
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to WordPress.org 's websites ( including wordcamp.org ) choose to interact with WordPress.org in ways that require WordPress.org to gather personally-identifying information .
The amount and type of information that WordPress.org gathers depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username and email address .
In each case , WordPress.org collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor 's interaction with WordPress.org .
WordPress.org does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities .
WordPress.org may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites .
For instance , WordPress.org may reveal how many downloads a particular version got , or say which plugins are most popular based on checks from api.wordpress.org , a web service used by WordPress installations to check for new versions of WordPress and plugins .
However , WordPress.org does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
WordPress.org discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees , contractors , and affiliated organizations that ( i ) need to know that information in order to process it on WordPress.org 's behalf or to provide services available at WordPress.org 's websites , and ( ii ) that have agreed not to disclose it to others .
Some of those employees , contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country ; by using WordPress.org 's websites , you consent to the transfer of such information to them .
WordPress.org will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone .
Other than to its employees , contractors , and affiliated organizations , as described above , WordPress.org discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law , or when WordPress.org believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of WordPress.org , third parties , or the public at large .
If you are a registered user of a WordPress.org website and have supplied your email address , WordPress.org may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with WordPress.org and our products .
We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information , so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum .
If you send us a request ( for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms ) , we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users .
WordPress.org takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration , or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
WordPress.org uses cookies to help WordPress.org identify and track visitors , their usage of WordPress.org website , and their website access preferences .
WordPress.org visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using WordPress.org 's websites , with the drawback that certain features of WordPress.org 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , WordPress.org may change its Privacy Policy from time to time , and in WordPress.org 's sole discretion .
WordPress.org encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change .

Welcome to Our Website Visitors
We want you to know how we treat personal information the Cox Communications companies may obtain from you as a website visitor .
You should also see our Website Visitor Agreement and Terms of Use for other information concerning use of our website .
By using our website , you accept both this Policy and our Agreement .
To Cox High Speed Internet Customers This Online Privacy Policy applies only to use of our websites .
If you subscribe to any of our services , a detailed description of Your Privacy Rights as a Cox Customer is also available to you .
You can also find our Subscriber Agreement and Acceptable Use Policy at the same location .
Policy It is our policy to collect only the personally identifiable information ( PII ) that we need to provide the services of this website with the quality you desire and deserve .
Cox Customers If you are a customer of Cox , this PII may include your name , address , age , telephone numbers , account number , social security number , user IDs , passwords , email addresses , and other information as provided to us online or as a customer of Cox .
It is our policy to retain such information only as long as needed for our business purposes or as the law may require .
We take reasonable steps to protect your account information from unauthorized access .
Website Visitors When you access our website , we automatically collect access log information about your visit , including information such as the Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses assigned ( numbers assigned to your computer while online ) , bandwidth used , system and connection performance , browsers used , dates and times of access , and Internet resource requests , including requests to access web pages .
We do not store emails sent and received unless left in a Cox High Speed Internet account file .
Online Registrants In visiting our website , if you register with us or participate in a contest , survey or online transaction , we may ask for certain PII .
When we ask you for such information , we will tell you how it will be used and you may elect not to participate .
Cookies We , or a vendor that places advertising on our websites , may use `` cookies '' to collect information about your visit to our website and to manage information concerning your preferences .
A `` cookie '' is a small computer code added to a file on your computer as a record of its visit .
It does not collect or provide your name or any other personal information about you .
It can , however , be used to note information about your visit , such as your type of web browser , operating system and Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , to better tailor the site for you .
It can also be used to recognize you when you log in as a registered user or as a repeat visitor returning to our website .
This allows us to tailor our site by remembering you and any options you select .
We may share non-personal information obtained from the varying kinds of cookies with vendors , advertisers and others .
You can control what cookies are accepted by your computer through the settings on your web browser or by deleting them from your files .
Doing so , however , may limit the personalization available to you .
Third-Party Cookies and Web Beacons These forms of computer code are sometimes placed by advertisers or others with connection to a webpage and may be read by the advertisement 's provider .
They may use a form of code called a `` web beacon '' or `` clear GIF . ''
These are usually contained in a transparent image on a page or in an image on an email message and serve as a way to gather information about your visit , such as your Internet Protocol Address and information or statistics about your visit .
As with cookies , you can use your browser or app settings to control web beacons .
Behavioral or Interest Based Ad Options Cox and other website owners or advertisers may use cookies or similar tools to provide customized ads based on visits to their websites .
Many companies that collect information for behavioral advertising are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) .
Please note that if you use a different computer , change your web browser , or delete your cookies , you will need to renew all of your opt-out choices .
Advertisers and Other Websites We do not control the privacy policies of advertisers or of websites you may link to from our websites or by using our services .
You should review their websites for questions about their Internet security and privacy .
Use Policy We consider any personally identifiable information we receive about you to be confidential , and it is our policy to use it only in providing our websites and services - from sales and installation , to operations , administration , advertising , marketing , support , network provision , maintenance , communications with you , billing , collection and similar ways .
We may also use such information in dealing with fraud and unauthorized use of our services .
Cox may associate personal account information with data from third parties about you or similar persons to better predict your product and service preferences for use in programming , advertising transactions and to market our services to you .
Aggregate Information We use aggregate information about our customers and website visitors for a variety of purposes .
Such aggregate information does not identify individual customers .
We may share such aggregate and related demographic information with third parties .
Retention Policy Cox may retain personal customer information in its regular business records as long as someone is a customer or until no longer needed for business or legal purposes .
Sharing Policy It is our overall policy not to disclose to others outside of Cox and our affiliates , vendors and business partners any personally identifiable information about our customers without their prior consent .
We do not sell or provide your personal information to parties unconnected with the services we provide without your permission .
Special Exceptions We reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information in our possession if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process served on us ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights or property or those of others ; ( 3 ) respond to fraud , abuse or unauthorized use of our services ; ( 4 ) enforce our Website Visitors ' Agreement and Terms of Use , our Acceptable Use Policy or related standards ; or ( 5 ) act in an emergency to protect your safety or that of another .
We may also share information if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business operations , merge or combine with another organization .
Third Parties We sometimes use affiliates , vendors or third party partners in association with this website and may provide personally identifiable information about users for such purposes .
In providing such information , we require that the outside party maintain at least the same level of confidentiality that we maintain for such information .
In addition , any use by the vendor or third party may not exceed that needed to provide its service .
Internet Communications Unless addressed to us , we do not read email messages , instant messages , online chats , or the content of other online communications .
We may however , retain and provide such communications if we are legally required to do so .
Incoming and outgoing email messages are generally scanned electronically to identify and filter out likely spam and for viruses and related problems that could harm your equipment , the network or other users .
Legal Requirements We regularly receive legal requests for customer information from government and law enforcement personnel .
We also receive discovery requests in civil litigation .
In all such cases , our policy is to cooperate as required by law , but to provide only such information as the law requires .
This information is generally sought by subpoena served on Cox .
Under current law , many criminal subpoenas require that we not disclose or notify you of the request .
Due to this fact and the volume of requests we receive , we can not assume any duty to notify you of receipt of any legal requests .
The law does permit us to disclose to law enforcement , voluntarily and without prior notice , customer information , including the contents of communications , if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury requires such disclosure without delay .
Taking Proper Precautions Maintaining the security of your own personal computer is an important part of protecting your own privacy and of helping us protect our network and our customers ' service .
You should use and update regularly your antivirus software , firewall and your operating system to prevent unauthorized access by others and harm from various forms of viruses .
Persons with questionable intent may use the Internet or email to pose as someone you trust or do business with .
You should always be sure who you are dealing with before responding with personal information .
Cox or its Abuse/Customer Security Department may take protective action related to your service or contact you directly with information from time-to-time to help with this effort .
Personal Information We use `` Secure Socket Layer '' encryption technology when collecting certain personal information through our websites .
We protect personally identifiable information found in our most sensitive databases in encrypted formats within controlled and secure environments with restricted access .
While we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and computer systems , we can not guarantee that our security measures will prevent unauthorized access .
Cox works hard to prevent and to block spam and we encourage your help by preventing unauthorized access to your computer .
The law permits companies like Cox to use email to send transactional or relationship messages , such as in confirming that a service has been established or providing information regarding changes in service .
If you prefer , you may opt-out of marketing messages we may send by notifying us in response to any you may receive .
Our websites are not directed at , or intended for use by , children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly allow anyone under 18 to provide any personal information on our websites .
Children should always get permission from a parent or guardian before sending personal information over the Internet .
Customer Access to Information
If you are a customer of Cox Communications , you can check the accuracy of some of your account information by contacting a Customer Care representative .
For more information , see Your Privacy Rights as a Cox Customer .
You have the right to enforce your legal privacy rights concerning our collection , use and sharing of your personally identifiable information .
Among your remedies is the right to seek relief in a civil action filed under federal law .
Developments in the Internet , the law , our offerings and websites may cause us to change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time .
Any such changes will be prospective and will not affect information collected prior to the change in policy .
How to Contact Us
For any questions regarding this Policy , please contact us at one of the following :

Effective February 8 , 2012
Inherent to transacting on the Internet is the collection of some personal information .
JustAnswer ( `` JustAnswer '' ) is committed to protecting your personal information and privacy .
This policy describes the personal information we collect from you and how we use and secure it .
`` Personal Information '' defines information such as name and email that can identify an individual .
JustAnswer is a Licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build users ' trust and confidence in the Internet , by promoting the use of fair information practices .
JustAnswer has elected to disclose its information practices as a sign of its commitment to privacy , as well as have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
For queries and concerns pertaining to the Site , click HERE to contact us .
TRUSTe shall then work as a liaison to help us resolve your concerns .
Because your privacy is important to us , JustAnswer operates by the following principles .
Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement will have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service .
Principle 1 : Information We Collect
You may browse the JustAnswer site without providing any personal information that may be used to identify you personally ( `` Personally Identifiable Information '' or `` PII '' ) .
If you choose to provide us with your PII , you are agreeing to the processing and storage of your information in the United States and countries outside of the United States which may have data protection laws that differ from laws in your country .
JustAnswer explicitly asks when it needs PII .
To help facilitate the question and response process , and the payment of Experts via PayPal , JustAnswer requires basic data such as email address .
To obtain payments from Customers , JustAnswer asks for either credit card information or PayPal email address , at the Customer 's election .
Expert applicants and/or referral participants may be asked for additional information , such as full names , addresses , telephone numbers , professional license and certification information , and payment-related information .
Experts who win prizes on the site may be required to provide shipment addresses .
If you choose to use our referral program to recommend potential Experts to the site , to tell a friend or others about JustAnswer , or send a copy of a question and answer sequence to a friend , you may need to provide your and their email addresses ( and possibly their and your names ) .
If you choose to have JustAnswer notify you of responses to your questions via text message , you will be asked for your cellular phone number and cellular phone company .
Other PII may be requested in certain circumstances or collected on a voluntary basis such as on users ' profile or signature pages .
If you are a referral participant and elect to receive payments via check , we will receive all information necessary to distribute a check to you , such as your name and mailing address .
As explained in the JustAnswer Terms of Service , information provided by you in the content of your questions , answers , and other posts on the Site , in Expert profiles describing your experiences and qualifications , and in signatures attached to postings on the Site ( `` Posts '' ) is not private or confidential .
This is an Internet-based forum ( akin to a modern version of a radio call-in program ) and information submitted in Posts may be read , collected , and used by others , and JustAnswer is not responsible for it .
For example , search engines may index your questions , answers , and other Posts to allow them to appear in search engine results ( e.g . if someone does a search on google.com , your questions , answers , and other Posts on JustAnswer.com that relate to the search may appear in the google.com search results list ) .
Protect your anonymity by not including your real name or any PII in your questions , answers , and other Posts on the Site .
In some cases , JustAnswer supplements portions of the PII you provide with other data received from third parties , or data sent to us from your web browser including ( depending on its settings ) your IP address , browser type , internet service provider , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and click stream data ( `` Usage Statistics '' ) .
To enhance and individualize your experience with JustAnswer , we use a web browser feature called a `` cookie . ''
Cookies are small files that your browser places on your computer 's hard drive .
We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior user and , if you wish , retrieve your username and password so you do not need to enter them again .
Cookies are not used to store other personal information .
JustAnswer also uses cookies to maintain state .
That is , each time you logon , our system issues your browser a unique , randomly generated number by which it can identify itself .
In that way , your data gets sent to you and not someone else .
You must activate cookies to logon to JustAnswer .
JustAnswer also uses web beacons that collect non-PII to track site usage .
JustAnswer is intended for adult use only .
In addition , it does not knowingly solicit or collect PII from persons under 13 years old .
We may delete from the site PII , as well as Posts and other information , from users we believe are under the age of 18 .
Principle 2 : Use of Your Information
JustAnswer may use , share , transfer , or disclose your PII and/or Usage Statistics , itself or in conjunction with third parties , for payment processing , fraud prevention , customer service , demographic studies , to tailor JustAnswer 's content and services to its users ' needs , and to serve advertisements .
To display advertisements that may interest you , JustAnswer uses third-party advertising companies who may use Usage Statistics ( not your name , address , email address or telephone number ) .
To learn more about this third-party advertising practice and your choice to opt-out of having information about you used by these companies , click here .
JustAnswer posts testimonials on the Site ; we obtain permission prior to posting to include the user 's name and state of residence , or their initials .
JustAnswer will not otherwise disclose your PII ( unless you voluntarily provide it in your Posts ) , without your consent , unless acting under a good faith belief that such action :
conforms to legal requirements or complies with legal process , such as in complying with a formal request in a court order , subpoena or judicial proceeding ;
serves to protect or defend the rights , property , or safety of JustAnswer , its users , or others ; or
enforces the JustAnswer Terms of Service or related Agreements .
JustAnswer LLC may share your PII with any parent company , subsidiaries , joint venturers , or other companies under common control , in which event it will require that such companies follow this Policy with respect to your PII , unless you are provided with prior written notice .
Principle 3 : Correspondence Sent to You
JustAnswer will not send you any unsolicited information , including e-mail , except :
( i ) Users will receive JustAnswer registration emails when they register , Expert applicants will receive JustAnswer communications relating to their applications , Experts may receive notifications of questions asked in the categories in which they are admitted , and all users will receive updates and notices about questions they are asking or answering , other Posts , their accounts , and new features and policies ; these communications are considered part and parcel of your service and , except for the daily digests , you can not opt out of them ;
( ii ) Periodically , JustAnswer may contact you about new services , special offers , promotions and third-party / affiliate offers , and will include in any such emails an opt-out link by which you can opt out of receiving such emails ; and
( iii ) Our customer service and other departments may contact users and referral participants in order to ensure your satisfaction with JustAnswer and/or to ask how we can improve .
Principle 4 : Updating and Deleting PII
If at any time you would like to update your PII , please log into your account and access your Edit Profile page .
If at any time you would like your PII to be removed from our Site and/or database , or believe that JustAnswer has not adhered to these privacy principles , please notify us by email by clicking HERE .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your PII and/or promptly detect and remedy any problems .
Principle 5 : Links to Third-Party Sites
To the extent that links to other Web sites are contained in Posts on the JustAnswer site , please note that they are not operated or controlled by JustAnswer and JustAnswer is not responsible for the privacy practices , security , or content of these third-party sites .
Principle 6 : Security and Data Retention
JustAnswer uses multiple security procedures and practices to protect from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification and disclosure the PII requested from users .
All PII is password protected .
All passwords use 160 bit encryption .
JustAnswer uses 128-bit secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology and digital certificates to encrypt and authenticate transactions ( credit card and other payments ) .
SSL creates a secured connection between our web servers and your browser , which protects against unauthorized access to transmitted data and supports data being sent only to intended recipients .
Our database logs important changes so that unauthorized transactions can be quickly reversed .
Our main servers are locked and hosted by a leading provider of Internet access to enterprises with mission-critical Internet application requirements .
Access to the host environment is highly secure .
Biometric scanning , 24/7 onsite staff monitoring , and other safeguards are utilized .
In addition , back-up servers that are stripped of email addresses , passwords , and credit card information are located in an office that is locked outside of normal business hours .
Despite these security procedures and practices , as is the case with all computer networks connected to the Internet , JustAnswer can not guarantee the security of your PII or any other information provided over the Internet and will not be responsible for breaches of security .
We retain your account information and the information provided by you in the form of Posts indefinitely until such time that we determine it has no further commercial significance , at which time we may delete and/or aggregate and store it in aggregate form indefinitely .
Principle 7 : Updates to This Policy
By visiting JustAnswer , you are accepting this policy as it may be amended from time to time .
Please check the date of this Policy each time you visit to ensure that you are aware of the most current version .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy , please do not use this site .
JustAnswer reserves the right to update this policy at any time without prior notice .
Material updates will take effect 30 days after initial posting on this site .
If you have questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking HERE or mail us at P.O .
Box 29045 , San Francisco , CA 94129 .
NOTICE : Click here for important information about safe surfing .
100 % verified Experts
`` A+ '' from Better Business Bureau
100 % satisfaction guaranteed
Millions of satisfied users .

Select a link below to jump to the relevant page section .
Non-personal Information We Record
Information from E-mail You Send to Us
Information Collected from Interactive Forms
Links to Other Sites
Thank you for visiting the U.S. Department of Education ( ED ) website and reviewing our privacy policy .
Our policy is simple : We collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us .
We do not give , share , sell , or transfer any personal information to a third party .
Some of our web pages ( such as online publication order forms , conference and training registration forms , web discussion forums ) let you voluntarily submit personal information .
In those cases , we will provide a specific notice before you begin submitting any personal information , explaining how your information will be safeguarded .
If you want to know more about how we record non-personal information about your visit or how we use information that you voluntarily submit , read on .
Non-personal Information We Record
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , our website 's operating system will automatically record some general information about your visit .
During your visit , our web operating system will record :
The Internet domain for your Internet service , such as `` xcompany.com '' or `` xcompany.net '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a college or university domain .
The type of browser ( such as `` Netscape version X '' or `` Internet Explorer version X '' ) that you are using .
The type of operating system that you use ( such as Macintosh , Unix , or Windows ) .
The date and time you visit our site , and the web pages that you visit on our site .
The address of the previous website you were visiting , if you linked to us from another website .
We use this information for statistical analysis , to help us make our site more useful to visitors .
This tracking system does not record information about individuals .
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies [ PDF , 106KB ] allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
Placing cookie text allows websites to `` remember '' visitors ' preferences , surfing patterns and behavior while they are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from ED.gov Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect any personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) , and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1-Single Session . ''
The Guidance states , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies for two reasons : 1 ) to enable Google Analytics to differentiate between new and returning visitors to our site , and 2 ) to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
A Google Analytics ( a third-party analytics provider ) persistent cookie remains on your computer between visits to ED.gov for six months .
Knowing if a user visited ED.gov within the past six months tells us the difference between visitors and `` unique visitors '' or those who visit our website more than once during this time period ) .
This is an industry standard and provides high-level information on the breadth of traffic to and content usage of our given digital services .
It is a powerful , invaluable metric because it 's the only measure that accurately calculates how many individual users visited ED.gov website in a given time .
Combined with total visits , it tells a more comprehensive story about ED.gov users and their visit patterns .
We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI ( American Customer Satisfaction Index ) survey .
Based on your usage pattern , you may be asked if you would like to complete a customer survey ( the ACSI survey ) of our website .
The persistent cookie is set to block repeated survey invitations , and it expires in 90 days .
Simply put , if you say you do n't want to participate in the survey , the cookie will remember this , and will not allow you to be asked again .
We feel it is important and respectful to our users not to ask them the same question more than once .
The ACSI survey is customer satisfaction survey tool used by multiple federal agencies and organizations in the private sector .
We use the ACSI survey so we can compare ED.gov results to other government agencies and top commercial websites .
The ACSI enables ED.gov to : measure program performance ; identify targets of opportunity ; efficiently leverage scarce resources ; obtain valuable feedback from our users ; focus management 's attention on outcomes ; and report customer satisfaction results .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2-Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . ''
The Guidance states , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine , you can opt out or disable cookies in your browser .
You will still have access to all information and resources at Department websites .
However , turning off cookies may affect the functioning of some Department websites .
Be aware that disabling cookies in your browser will affect cookie usage at all other websites you visit as well .
ED.gov uses a third-party analytics provider ( Google Analytics ) to analyze the data collected through the session and persistent metrics cookies .
The third-party analytics provider does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and does not combine , match , or cross-reference ED.gov information with any other information .
Please review the third-party analytics provider 's privacy policy for additional information .
Pursuant OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance Attachment III , V , these cookies collect information similar to that automatically received and stored on the servers hosting ED.gov ; they do not collect personally identifiable information .
ED.gov does not access or store the raw information collected through these cookies .
We do view aggregate statistical analyses prepared by our third-party analytics provider , but these analyses do not include any personally identifiable information .
We do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations .
Information from E-mail You Send to Us
If you decide to send us an electronic mail message ( e-mail ) , the message will usually contain your return e-mail address .
If you include personally-identifying information in your e-mail because you want us to address issues specific to your situation , we may use that information in responding to your request .
In other limited circumstances , including requests from Congress or limited other parties , we may be required by law to disclose information that you submit .
Also , e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
Please send only information necessary to help us process your request .
Information Collected from Interactive Forms
On some of our web pages we offer interactive forms that let you voluntarily submit personal information ( such as your e-mail address , name , or organization ) .
This occurs when you are registering for various conferences , workshops , or training sessions offered by ED , taking student aid counseling quizzes , ordering publications from ED Pubs , or submitting comments to various web discussion forums .
In those cases , all submitted information is used only for the expressed purposes for which it is intended and is not made available to any third party .
However , when you submit a comment to an ED web discussion forum , if you supply your name , e-mail address , or other personal information , that information is posted along with your comment .
Links to Other Sites
Our policy discloses the privacy practices for the ED website .
But ED provides links to other websites .
We try to ensure that links that leave our site are clearly labeled , usually with a Disclaimer ( exiting to another site ) icon .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit personal information .
The privacy policies and procedures described here for ED do not apply to any external links .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any site you link to from ours , especially if you share any personal information .
You are the person best qualified to protect your own privacy .
ED is using third-party social media sites to provide ED content in formats that may be useful or interesting ; however , ED.gov is the official source of information from the U.S. Department of Education ( ED ) .
ED can not attest to the accuracy of other information provided by these or any other linked sites .
Using these third-party sites does not constitute an endorsement by ED or any of its employees of the sponsors of the sites or the information or products presented on the sites .
Also , please be aware that the privacy protection provided at ED.gov may not be available on these third-party sites .
Please note that when ED uses social media sites , ED does not collect or in any way use personally identifiable information .

Privacy and Security Notice
This page explains how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our site , and tells you that EPA monitors network traffic to ensure website security .
Your rights under the Privacy Act
How long is the information retained
How the information is used
How e-mail is handled
Personal information via forms
EPA and Social Media or Third Party Sites
Your Rights under the Privacy Act
The Privacy Act of 1974 protects the personal information the federal government keeps on you in `` systems of records ( SOR ) '' ( information an agency controls that can be retrieved by name or some other personal identifier ) .
The Privacy Act regulates how the government can disclose , share , provide access to , and maintain the personal information that it collects .
Not all information collected online is covered by the Privacy Act .
The Act 's major provisions require agencies to :
publish a Privacy Act Notice in the Federal Register explaining the existence , character and uses of a new or revised SOR ;
keep information about you accurate , relevant , timely , and complete to assure fairness in dealing with you ; and
allow you to , upon request , access and review your information held in a SOR and request amendment of the information if you disagree with it .
Your viewing of EPA 's website does not result in the collection of any personal information that is contained in a Privacy Act System of Records as defined by the Privacy Act .
Information concerning the Privacy Act can be found at : epa.gov/privacy .
Some EPA Web pages provide content to children .
It is EPA policy , in compliance with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , to collect no information online about or from children under the age of 13 except when it is needed to identify a submission or to answer a question .
Any such instances where information is collected on Web pages for children will be clearly marked .
Unless required by law or EPA obtains parental permission in writing , the information will not be used for other purposes or shared with third parties , nor will personally identifying information be published on the EPA website .
When EPA offices identify the work product of a child under thirteen on the EPA public access website , only the first name , age , and home state of the child will be stated ( e.g. , Mike , age 7 , Kentucky ) unless the parent makes a hardcopy request to have additional information posted .
More information about EPA 's Children 's Privacy Policy ( PDF ) ( 5 pp , 72K , About PDF ) .
Please be assured that the privacy of our visitors is of utmost importance to us .
We collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide that information to us .
We want to inform you that , for each HTTP request ( which is what your Web browser generates when you request a page or part of a page from a website ) received ; we collect and store only the following information , in what is called a log file :
the date and time
the originating Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( this address can refer to a specific computer ; more frequently , commercial Internet providers use a temporary IPA which does not link to a specific computer )
the type of browser and operating system used ( if provided by the browser )
the URL of the referring page ( if provided by the browser )
completion status of the request
The information above is also collected by Google Analytics on behalf of EPA .
Google Analytics uses first-party persistent cookies , which the government classifies as Tier 2 persistent cookies .
Tier 2 persistent cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information , but only those metrics listed above .
We use the information that we automatically collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites , and to help us make our pages more useful to visitors .
This includes analyzing Web traffic to determine the types of devices and browsers that view EPA Web pages most often and the level of demand for specific pages and topics of interest .
You can opt-out by changing the cookie settings in your browser .
Opting-out will still allow you to obtain comparable information from EPA websites .
For more information about the federal government 's use of persistent cookies , please refer to the Office of Management and Budget 's ( OMB ) Memo Guidance for the Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies .
How Long is the Information Retained
The logs for each day , with no personal information , are maintained in accordance with Records Schedule 095 .
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive .
They can serve several functions , depending upon how they are designed :
they allow the website to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ;
they track what information you view at a site ( important to commercial sites trying to determine your buying preferences ) ;
in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many websites but not the whole Web ;
businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ;
advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many websites ; and
they can be used to help a website tailor screens for each customer 's preference .
Session cookies disappear when the Web user terminates a Web session and closes the browser .
EPA also permits the use of persistent cookies for the collection of Web metrics ; however , EPA does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to our Web pages ( see `` EPA and Privacy '' above ) .
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie .
Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies .
Other Information Collection and Personally Identifiable Information ( PII
In addition to the information automatically collected by the server , EPA offices may collect other information from online visitors .
Before collecting personally identifiable information through our Web pages , we will prominently disclose :
why EPA is collecting the information ;
what information is to be collected ;
the intended use of the information ;
how it will be protected/secured ;
who at EPA will have access to the information ;
if it will be shared within or outside EPA , including on publicly available websites , and if shared , with whom ;
the opportunity to consent to , or reject , the collection and/or sharing ;
how long the information will be retained and when it will be destroyed ; and
what other privacy risks exist and how the agency will mitigate those risks .
How the Information is Used
We may store non-personally identifiable information we collect ( such as search engine queries and anonymous survey responses ) indefinitely to help us better understand and meet the needs of our visitors .
We may share non-personally identifiable information with others , including the public , in aggregated form ( for instance , in a list of our most popular search engine queries ) , in partial or edited form ( such as in a report summarizing responses to a questionnaire ) , or verbatim ( for example , in a complete listing of survey responses ) .
How e-mail is Handled
By sending us an electronic mail message ( for example , an e-mail message containing an official Freedom of Information Act request ) , you may be sending us personally-identifying information , such as name and address .
In these cases , we may retain the information as long as necessary to respond to your request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of your e-mail .
Please be aware that email is not necessarily secure from third party interception or misdirection .
For your own protection you may wish to communicate sensitive information using a method other than email .
Personal Information via Forms
Some of our pages provide forms allowing visitors to submit search engine queries , questionnaires , feedback , or other information .
Some of these forms may request personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , e-mail address ) for specific purposes , such as when the submitter is requesting a personal response , registering for a conference , or subscribing to a mailing list .
All information submitted by visitors is voluntary .
EPA and Social Media or Third Party Sites
When we use these sites , the information we provide is consistent with the intended purpose of the EPA website .
EPA does not collect personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you when you visit these third party sites unless you choose to provide that information .
Please be aware that the privacy protection provided on social media and third party sites that are not a part of the epa.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy protection described here .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , EPA employs monitors and filters to identify and block unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web pages .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
Except for these authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .

HP respects your privacy
HP and its subsidiaries respect your privacy .
This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way information about you , including from your online activity is collected and how that information is used by HP .
This statement is readily available on our HP.com home page and at the bottom of every HP web page .
HP was a founding sponsor of the Council of Better Business Bureau 's Online Privacy Program and is a BBB Accredited Business .
HP privacy practices are consistent with the BBB Code of Business Practices and we proudly display the BBB seal .
Privacy BBB OnLinenon-HP site
In the development of HP 's privacy policies and standards , we respect and take into account the major principles and frameworks around the world , including the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows , EU Directive 95/46/EC , APEC Privacy Framework , and the Madrid Resolution on International Privacy Standards .
HP complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
HP has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
HP has also established a set of binding corporate rules ( BCR ) , which have been approved by the majority of Data Protection Regulators in the EEA and Switzerland , effective June 2011 .
The BCRs ensure that personal data from the EEA is adequately protected while being processed by any of HP 's global entities .
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles and BCR requirements , HP commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
HP has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints from E.U . citizens or residents regarding transfers of their personal data under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU Safe Harbor , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
HP has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and related practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability , and choice regarding the collection and use of personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trust mark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Web site .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement or practices , please contact HP using the contact information included at the end of this Statement .
If you are not satisfied with our response , you can refer your complaint to TRUSTe.non-HP site
TRUSTe online privacy certificationnon-HP site
Scope of this Privacy Statement
Collection of personal information
How we use your information
How we share your information
Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences
Access to and accuracy of your information
Keeping your information secure
Changes to this statement
How HP uses automatic data collection tools :
HP ads on third party websites
Scope of this Privacy Statement
HP is a global organization , with legal entities , business processes , management structures , and technical systems that cross borders .
This Privacy Statement applies to all HP-owned websites , domains , services , applications , and products , and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries ( `` HP sites or services '' ) , except that a privacy policy or statement specific to a particular HP program , product , or service may supersede or supplement this Privacy Statement .
Links to non-HP websites
HP sites or services may provide links to third-party applications , products , services , or websites for your convenience and information .
If you access those links , you will leave the HP site .
HP does not control those third party sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from HP 's practices .
We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites .
The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the HP Privacy Statement .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information .
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with HP on various social media sites .
Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you , depending on the feature .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected , used , and shared by those sites .
Collection of personal information
HP collects , exports , and uses personal information to manage your relationship with HP and better serve you by personalizing your experience and interaction with HP .
Such collection is done with appropriate notice and consent , along with required filings with data protection authorities , where required .
HP may collect personal information from you in connection with
product or service orders , activations , and registrations
profile creation and user verification for online services
information requests or complaints
marketing , newsletter or support subscriptions
contest entries or survey participation
visits or browsing on HP websites
The types of personal information you provide to us may include :
personal and business contact information , such as name , address , telephone number , and email address
in some cases , your business contact data may be provided to HP by a designated entity within your business or enterprise ( such as a member of your IT department )
financial information , such as your credit/debit card number or other billing information
government issued identification number and salary
other unique information such as user IDs and passwords , product functionality , product and service preferences , contact preferences , educational and employment background , and job interest data
geo-location data such as your IP address or physical location when you request location based services
If you apply for instant credit , we may ask you to provide additional personal information such as salary , government issued identification number , banking/financial account information , and other information to authenticate you and verify credit worthiness .
This information will be used by our financial services providers in determining whether to extend you credit and how much to extend .
If you choose to use a tell-a-friend or a similar referral program on our site , we will ask you for your friend 's e-mail address , social media handle , phone number , or other contact information to send your friend an invitation to participate in the program .
If you post , comment , indicate interest or complaint , or share personal information , including photographs , to any public forum on an HP site , social network , blog , or other such forum , please be aware that any information you submit can be read , viewed , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to contact you , send you unsolicited messages , or for purposes that neither you nor HP have control over .
HP is not responsible for the personal information you choose to provide in these forums .
In addition to the information you provide , HP may also collect information during your visit to an HP website , web-based application , or a website powered by another company on behalf of HP , through our Automatic Data Collection Tools , which include Web beacons , cookies , and embedded Web links .
These tools collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website , such as your browser type and language , access times , and the address of the website from which you arrived .
They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , unique device identifier , clickstream behavior ( i.e. , the pages you view , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with HP websites or powered by websites ) and product information .
HP may also use some of these Automatic Data Collection Tools in connection with certain emails and communications sent from HP and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email .
To learn more , read How HP uses automatic data collection tools .
HP also collects information from publicly or commercially available sources that it deems credible .
Such information may include your name , address , email address , preferences , interests , and demographic/profile data .
The information HP collects from its public or commercial sources may be used along with the information HP collects when you visit HP 's sites .
For example , HP may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by Automatic Data Collection Tools to derive your general geographic area .
Where necessary , HP may also use information provided by you or your employer , together with information from publicly available and other online and offline sources , to conduct due diligence checks on business contacts as part of HP 's anti-corruption program .
How we use your information
The information HP collects to understand your needs and interests helps HP deliver a consistent and personalized experience .
For example , HP may use your information to
manage our relationship with you
assist you in completing a transaction or order
prevent and detect security threats , fraud or other malicious activity
communicate with you about HP products and services
provide and improve service and support
update you on new services and benefits
provide personalized promotional offers
select content to be communicated to you
personalize some HP websites
measure performance of marketing initiatives , ads , and websites powered by another company on HP 's behalf
allow you to participate in contests and surveys
We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the marketing communications we send ( see Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences ) .
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention .
Salary information , government issued identification number and other sensitive personal information is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or HP and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services , unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases .
How we share your information
HP will not sell , rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Statement .
HP shares personal information in the following ways :
HP retains service providers and suppliers to manage or support its business operations , deliver complete products , services and customer solutions and to assist HP with marketing and communication initiatives .
These providers and suppliers include , for example , credit card processors , providers of customer support and live-help , marketing , email service providers , automated data processors , and shipping agents .
Suppliers and service providers are required by contract to keep confidential and secure the information received on behalf of HP and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for HP .
From time to time , HP participates in marketing initiatives with other companies , including websites powered by another company on behalf of HP .
As part of these initiatives , certain HP services and marketing communications may be delivered at the same time as those from other companies .
Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal information with both HP and the other companies participating in these initiatives .
For example , you may receive marketing communications from HP and other companies or have the opportunity to register online for software products from multiple companies .
If you choose to provide personal information only to HP , HP will not share this information with the other companies participating in that marketing initiative .
If you choose to provide personal information to the other companies , that personal information will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies , which may differ from HP 's policies and practices .
HP may transfer your personal information to other HP-owned business entities in the US and Worldwide .
By accessing HP websites , registering for an account or service , or otherwise providing HP with your personal information , you consent to this transfer of your personal information throughout the global HP network of entities .
Except as described in this Statement , HP will not share the personal information you provide to HP with non-HP third parties without your permission , unless to : ( i ) respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities ; ( ii ) comply with any law , regulation , subpoena , or court order ; ( iii ) investigate and help prevent security threats , fraud or other malicious activity ; ( iv ) enforce/protect the rights and properties of HP or its subsidiaries ; or ( v ) protect the rights or personal safety of HP , our employees , and third parties on or using HP property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law .
Circumstances may arise where , whether for strategic or other business reasons , HP decides to sell , buy , merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries .
Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers , or the receipt of it from sellers .
It is HP 's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions .
HP does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 , or 14 in Korea , and does not target its websites to children under these ages .
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online and mobile activities and interests .
Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences
HP gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services .
You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and also choose to receive HP general communications .
We give you a choice regarding delivery of HP general communications by postal mail , email , telephone , or mobile device .
You can make or change your choices about receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point or by using other methods , which are listed in the following sections .
This option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion , contracts , support , product safety warnings , driver updates , or other administrative and transactional notices where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature .
Subscription communications include email newsletters , software updates , etc . that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive .
After you request such communications , you may opt out of receiving them by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email subscription communication .
To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words STOP or END .
Return to the Web page ( s ) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions .
Access to many HP subscriptions is available at the Subscriber 's Choice web page .
Write to the HP Privacy Office .
Be sure to provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about the HP subscriptions that you no longer wish to receive .
Please be aware that when you opt out of receiving certain subscription communications , it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from HP where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services .
HP general communications provide information about products , services , and/or support .
This may include new product or services information , special offers , or invitations to participate in market research or compliance reviews .
You will often be able to use HP Passport to indicate whether you want to receive general communications from HP .
HP Passport is a single-login service that lets you register with HP Passport-enabled websites using a single-user identifier and password of your choice .
HP Passport uses cookies to store your basic personal information so you do n't have to retype it when you return to one of HP 's many websites in the future .
HP Passport also allows you to set your privacy preferences .
Your preferences will apply across HP websites , email , and other communication vehicles that use HP Passport .
If you are unable to use HP Passport , you may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words STOP or END .
Write to the HP Privacy Office .
Be sure to provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences .
Access to and accuracy of your information
HP strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded .
We have implemented technology , management processes and policies to help maintain data accuracy .
HP provides individuals with reasonable access to personal information that they provided to HP and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for anonymization , blockage , or deletion , as applicable .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your data .
To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to HP you can return to the web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that web page , use HP Passport where enabled , or contact the HP Privacy Office .
Keeping your personal information secure
HP takes seriously the trust you place in us .
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure , to maintain data accuracy , and to ensure the appropriate use of the information , HP utilizes reasonable and appropriate physical , technical , and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect and process .
HP retains data only as required or permitted by local law and while it has a legitimate business purpose .
When collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information we use a variety of additional security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
The personal information you provide us is stored on computer systems located in controlled facilities which have limited access .
When we transmit highly confidential information ( such as credit card number or password ) over the internet , we protect it through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes .
As part of real-time payment processing , HP subscribes to fraud management services .
This service provides HP with an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud and to protect your financial data .
Changes to this Statement
If we modify our Privacy Statement , we will post the revised statement here , with an updated revision date .
If we make significant changes to our Statement that materially alter our privacy practices , we may also notify you by other means , such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect .
We value your opinions .
If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Statement , privacy at HP or wish to make a complaint please send them to the HP Privacy Office or write to us at the following address :
Canada , Most of Latin American , and US :
Houston , Texas 77070
Prolongacin Reforma No . 700
Colonia Lomas de Santa Fe
Mxico , D.F. , C.P.01210
Europe , Middle East , and Africa :
1 Avenue du Canada
HP Les Ulis -91947 France
Asia-Pacific and Japan :
HP APJ Privacy Office
Concord West , NSW 2138
Rev . November 2013
How HP uses automatic data collection tools
The following sections provide additional information about commonly-used web technology tools .
A cookie is a small data file transferred by a website to your computer 's hard drive .
HP or its service providers send cookies when you surf our site or sites where our ads appear , make purchases , request or personalize information , or register yourself for certain services .
Accepting the cookies used on our site , sites that are powered by another company on HP 's behalf , or sites where our ads appear may give us access to information about your browsing behavior , which we may use to personalize your experience .
Cookies are typically classified as either session cookies or persistent cookies .
Session cookies do not stay on your computer after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer until you delete them or they expire .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default , but you can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser .
If you turn off cookies , there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly .
In certain countries you may also adjust your HP.com and associated cookie preferences by using a preference manager tool in this Statement which is available from the site you are visiting .
You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences in the help and support section of your browser .
From time to time , HP will use Flash local shared objects ( LSOs ) to store Flash content information and preferences .
LSOs perform similar functions to HTML browser cookies and deposit small files on your computer , which are commonly called Flash cookies .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
To learn more about Flash Cookies and how to manage the related privacy and storage settings , please visit the Adobe Systems website non-HP site .
Most web browsers offer you the ability to inform websites and ad networks that you do not want your online activities tracked through a Do Not Track feature .
Some HP.com and third-party web pages , applications , and HTML-formatted email use Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your website usage and your interaction with email , as well as to measure performance on hp.com , applications , and websites powered by another company on HP 's behalf .
A web beacon is an electronic image , called a single-pixel ( 1x1 ) or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies , the time and date of a page viewed , and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
Depending on the context , web beacons may also refer to content on a third-party server , and may be used by service providers to deliver relevant advertising to you .
You may be able to disable web beacons in email messages by not downloading images contained in the message you receive ( this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer ) .
However , doing this may not always disable a web beacon or other automatic data collection tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities .
For more information about this , please refer to the information provided by your email software or service provider .
If you choose to receive marketing emails or newsletters from HP as specified in Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences , HP may automatically collect personal information about you .
For example , through web beacons and personalized URLs embedded in these emails or newsletters , HP can track whether you 've opened those messages and whether you 've clicked on links contained within those messages .
For more information on embedded web links , see below .
Emails from HP , Internet keyboard keys preconfigured by HP , and promotional icons preinstalled on your PC desktop often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the Web , after redirection through HP 's servers .
The redirection system allows HP to change the destination URL of these links , if necessary , and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives .
In emails , such web links may also allow HP to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email , and this information about the interaction may be connected to your personal identity .
If you do not want HP to collect information about the links that you click , you can :
change your choice about how you receive communications from HP ( i.e . choose a text-based version of the message where available ) or choose not to click links in an email that HP sends
delete the promotional icons preinstalled by HP on your PC desktop or choose not to click on those
reconfigure the Internet keyboard keys on certain PC models to launch a destination URL of your choice by using the instructions provided with your PC
HP ads and offerings on third-party websites
HP contracts with service providers to place ads on websites owned by third parties .
In addition , some websites may be powered by a service provider to provide HP offers on HP 's behalf .
These service providers may send cookies from and use web beacons on these third-party websites and on hp.com .
The cookies and web beacons may enable HP to collect information about the pages you viewed and the links you clicked .
Additional information about webOS devices
In addition to the collection and usage practices described in the HP Privacy Statement , this information applies to webOS and the software and services associated with webOS .
HP collects and uses webOS-specific information in the following ways :
If you set up an account to receive services we provide through your webOS device , we will collect your name , phone number , email address and account settings to process your registration and provide those services .
If you use services we provide through your webOS device , we will collect information relevant to providing the services and as you designate .
Device Diagnostics , Analytics and Updates .
In order to improve our product and service offerings , your webOS device includes remote diagnostics , analytics , and software update services .
Your webOS device collects technical information related to your device ( including serial number , unique device identifier , diagnostic information , usage and crash logs , application configurations , etc . ) as required to help identify and troubleshoot issues , and to provide and improve service .
Back-up and Restore .
When you use a back-up and restore service for data stored on your device , we will automatically and regularly collect information related to your contacts , calendar , tasks , email and messaging , including online account usernames ; account credentials and settings ; memos ; text/MMS/IM messages and conversations ; phone call logs ; web bookmarks and cookies ; installed App Catalog applications ; and preferences , including Location Service preferences to help enable retrieval of that data when restoring or replacing your device .
Additional details , including how to turn off ' the feature can be found at Using Backup .
When you use location-based services , we will collect , transmit , maintain , process , and use your location and usage data ( including both real time geographic information and information that can be used to approximate location ) in order to provide location-based and related services , and to enhance your device experience .
You may choose whether or not to provide your personal information to us .
If you choose not to do so , you may not be able to take advantage of certain webOS products , services , offers , or options that depend on personal information .
For your convenience and information , webOS devices may provide links to third-party websites or include applications from third parties .
HP does not control those third-party sites or applications , nor does HP control their privacy practices , which may differ from HP 's practices .
We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or applications .
The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company you interact with before allowing the collection your personal information .
Because HP operates globally , information we gather may be made available to our worldwide business units and subsidiaries .
If you are in the European Economic Area , please note that the personal information you provide will be transferred outside the European Economic Area for use by HP and its affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described above .
By using webOS devices , HP websites , registering for an account or service , or otherwise providing HP with your personal information , you consent to this transfer of your personal information throughout the global HP network of entities .

In an effort to protect our clients ' and site visitors privacy and rights , 000webhost.Com has established a Privacy Policy which explains what information we gather on visitors and what we do with information that we gather .
We advise all visitors and clients to read and understand our privacy policy , and to check it periodically for any updates or revisions .
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which 000webhost.Com collects , uses , maintains and discloses information collected from users of this Web site ( each , a `` User '' ) .
Users ' privacy is very important to 000webhost.Com .
000webhost.Com is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to 000webhost.Com .
The Information We Collect
000webhost.Com collects personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways , including through online forms for ordering products and services , and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information .
000webhost.Com may also collect information about how Users use our Web site , for example , by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate .
We use `` cookies '' to track how Users use our Web site .
A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users ' PC and use to identify the User should they visit the Web site again .
While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable , it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our Web site .
How We Use Information
000webhost.Com may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Users regarding products and services offered by 000webhost.Com and its trusted affiliates , independent contractors and business partners , and otherwise to enhance Users ' experience with 000webhost.Com and such affiliates , independent contractors and business partners .
000webhost.Com may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the marketing , advertising and sales efforts of 000webhost.Com , its trusted affiliates , independent contractors and business partners .
At no time will 000webhost.Com 's database of users ever be sold to any entity for the purpose of marketing or mailing lists .
000webhost.Com may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates , independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above .
We may also disclose aggregate , anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners .
Finally , we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of 000webhost.Com 's business .
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures .
However , we can not guarantee that the information submitted to , maintained on , or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure .
Users may elect not to receive solicitations from 000webhost.Com or from trusted affiliates , independent contractors and business partners by letting us know .

101 Great Goals Privacy and Cookie Policy
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how 101 Great Goals processes information about you both directly and indirectly .
Please read this Privacy and Cookie Policy in conjunction with the terms & conditions of the particular service or services you are using .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to 101 Great Goals and any websites hosted by or on behalf of 101 Great Goals , but not to other companies ' or organizations ' websites to which we link and who operate their own privacy policy .
Personal Data is any data that identifies you .
You agree that the Personal Data which you supply to us will be true , complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes to that .
We will deal with your Personal Data in compliance with the current US data protection legislation .
101 Great Goals or its Group companies or selected third parties will use your Personal Data which you provide to us together with other information we collect for providing the 101 Great Goals services to you , administration , marketing , research , analytics , Customer Services , tracking your device and web use preferences , and profiling your purchasing preferences .
We may disclose your information to our service providers and agents to help us with these purposes , in accordance with US data protection legislation .
We may use your Personal Data to personalize your visits to our websites and recommend goods or services to you .
We may also use the information to help us develop our offers and the layout of our websites to ensure that our services are as useful and enjoyable as possible .
We may then ( except to the extent that you have directed us not to ) use this Personal Data for providing you with information about goods , services or promotions that may be of interest to you .
Please call Customer Services on +1-781-431-6027 if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 5 .
We may also use your Personal Data to contact you in order to conduct market research e.g . surveying needs and opinions on issues such as our performance .
Any information that we collect from you in the course of such market research will be used to produce aggregate statistics about our sales , customers , traffic patterns and other site information , but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you .
The periods we keep your Personal Data can vary according to the purposes for which it is being used .
Unless there is a specific legal requirement to keep your Personal Data we will not keep it for longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected or for which it is to be further processed .
By using our services you consent to us processing your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy and transferring your information to countries which do not provide the same level of data protection as the US if necessary for providing you services you require .
If we do make such a transfer , we will put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected .
Unfortunately the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site , and transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access .
By using our services you consent to us sharing your information with other companies who are our business partners .
They or we may contact you by mail , telephone , electronic messaging services , fax or email to let you know about any goods , services or promotions which may be of interest to you .
Please contact Customer Services on +1 781 431-6027 , if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 10 , or if you do not wish to receive information from our business partners , but remember that this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions or those of our business partners .
If you have any questions about the handling or protection of your Personal Data or your rights under this Privacy and Cookie Policy please contact Customer Services by calling +1 781-431-6027 from any phone .
You have a right to ask for a copy of your information ( for which we charge a small fee ) and to correct any inaccuracies .
When you give us information about another person you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them , to consent to the processing of their personal data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy , and to the transfer of their information abroad and to receive on their behalf any data protection notices .
101 Great Goals may disclose your Personal Data acting reasonably if it believes such action is necessary : to conform with a legal requirement or comply with the legal process , protect and defend the rights or property of 101 Great Goals , enforce this Privacy and Cookie Policy , or to protect the interests of its users .
Any changes we make to our Privacy and Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page and , where appropriate notified to you by SMS or e-mail .
A cookie is a small , unique text file that is saved on your hard disk by a website .
The cookie is used by the web site to identify your computer whenever you visit that website .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies can only be read by a web server from the same domain ( e.g . 101 Great Goals ) that saved the cookie on your computer .
101 Great Goals and/or our third party advertisers may use cookies and Web beacons ( also known as pixel tags ' ) to help you save time , track your usage patterns and provide you with a more personalised service on our web site .
The main purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific Web page .
For example , if you personalise Web pages , or register for products or services , a cookie helps our Web page server to recall your specific information .
When you next visit the 101 Great Goals web site , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose .
Even if you use more than one computer on a regular basis , we can link cookies together so you will still receive a personalised online experience .
101 Great Goals can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you , so that you spend less time looking for things .
So , instead of one site for all 101 Great Goals customers , each 101 Great Goals user can have a site which is unique to them .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
101 Great Goals uses cookies provided by third-party technology such as DoubleClick to collect data about the websites that you visit .
We will use the data that we collect through our use of these cookies to ensure that you see relevant and useful adverts when you visit our websites .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you want to disable cookies , find out which browser you are using and follow the instructions below .
Unfortunately , if you choose to decline cookies , some of the interactive features of the 101 Great Goals websites may not be available to you .
We advise regular users of 101 Great Goals websites to accept cookies from 101 Great Goals .
101 Great Goals is committed to protecting your privacy and only uses cookies to improve our service to you , for example , by offering tailored information based on your interests .
The usage patterns tracked by cookies remain confidential .
101 Great Goals does not share or sell any cookie-generated information .
Please note that our advertisers or websites to which 101 Great Goals links may also use cookies , over which we have no control .
Information on changing the level of cookie security and disabling cookies
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 , 7 & 8
Select Tools ' from the main task bar then Internet Options '
Click on the Privacy ' tab
Choose the level of cookie security you want , ranging from Block All Cookies , High , Medium High , Medium ( default level ) , Low and Accept All Cookies
For more detailed information on these options under Internet Explorer 6 , please click on the link below .
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar then Internet Options ' 2 .
Change to the Security ' tab and click Custom Level ' 3 .
Scroll down to the Cookies ' section and set Disable ' 4 .
Firefox 2 and 3
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options '
Click on the Privacy ' panel
Under the Cookies ' section uncheck the Accept cookies from sites ' option
Firefox 1.0 1 .
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options ' 2 .
Click on the Privacy ' panel and then click on Cookies '
Uncheck the Allow sites to set cookies ' option Click OK '
Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Preferences '
Click on the Advanced ' panel and then Cookies '
Click on Never accept cookies '
Click on OK '
Click on the Tools button from the main task bar and then Preferences '
Click on the Security ' panel
Under the Accept Cookies ' section click on Never '
Click on the X in the top right corner to close box
Click on the Spanner icon and select Options ' from the drop down list
Select the Under the Hood ' tab
Change the cookie setting to Block all cookies '
Click on the Close ' button
Launch the mobile browser
Select Options or Settings '
Click on the Cookie ' ( or click on privacy then cookies )
Choose the level of Cookie security you want , ranging from Accept all , Reject all or Prompt ( or on/off )
Click on the AD COOKIE OPT-OUT link
Ensure you see a Opt-out completed successfully message
Last Updated 25 October 2010

123RF.com respects every user 's privacy .
When you register with 123RF.com , we ask for your personal or company 's details .
Once you register and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
123RF.com uses the information provided to enhance your surfing experience such as the likebox and to contact you about our specials and new products .
The information we collect may be shared ( with your consent upon registration ) with our subsidiaries for similar purposes .
By using this website , you understand that all information collected from your registration will be collected indefinitely ; and may be stored and used in jurisdiction whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction .
123RF.com may use the information collected for a variety of purposes including direct marketing via email and snail mail ( unless you select not to receive such information when registering ) .
When you visit the 123RF.com website , we place a small text file called a cookie in your computer hard disk .
This file allows us to provide you with more conveniences such as the likebox and enhance your surfing experience .
Most browsers allow you to reject cookies , but if you were to do so , these pages may not display properly .
123RF.com will not send you unsolicited emails except for site wide announcements , or specific notifications that are delivered directly to your account .
You may also choose to receive or not to receive monthly newsletters during your initial registration or by updating your contact preferences in your Personal Information page at any time after registration .
123RF.com will never share your personal information with any third party .
123RF.com reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law , or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process , respond to claims , or protect the rights , property or safety of our company , employees , customers , or the public .
THIS DOCUMENT WAS ORIGINALLY COMPOSED IN ENGLISH AND WAS SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSLATED INTO OTHER LANGUAGES .
THE FIDELITY OF SUBSEQUENT TRANSLATIONS CAN NOT BE GUARANTEED .
IN CASE OF CONFLICT BETWEEN THE ENGLISH VERSION AND ANOTHER LANGUAGE VERSION , THE ENGLISH VERSION TAKES PRECEDENCE .

TRUSTe online privacy certification
192.com 's privacy commitment
The Directory Enquiry database
The Database of Company Directors
Personal Information collected during registration / payment
What Personal Information is collected and why ?
Will 192.com share Your Personal Information with third parties ?
What information is collected and why ?
Use of Cookies on 192.com
What are cookies ?
What types of cookie does 192.com use and obtaining Your agreement ?
Acceptance of this Policy
Help to improve our Service
`` 192.com '' means 192.com Limited of Unit 8-10 Quayside Lodge , William Morris Way , London , SW6 2UZ ;
`` Personal Information '' means information that can be used to uniquely identify a single person ;
`` You '' means you as the user of the Service and `` Your '' and `` Yours '' shall be interpreted accordingly .
192.com 's privacy commitment
192.com has been providing an online directory service since 1997 .
Whilst 192.com endeavours to provide users with the broadest possible set of information , 192.com is also committed to protecting the privacy of any individual who wishes their Personal Information not to be shown in search results .
This Policy sets out the means by which You can have Your Personal Information removed from the Service .
192.com is also committed to keeping Personal Information of users of the Service secure and only to use it for the purposes set out in this Policy and as agreed by You .
192.com is committed to complying with the provisions of the Data Protection Act and is registered with the Information Commissioner 's Office under number : Z2501438 .
Personal Information published on 192.com
192.com publishes Personal Information from the following databases :
The Directory Enquiry Database
This is the national directory enquiry database which is licensed to 192.com by British Telecom .
BT collects this information from all the UK 's telephone companies and provides the resulting database of numbers to all of the UK 's directory enquiry service providers .
If You wish that Your details do not appear in directories such as 192.com or 118 services You need to contact Your telephone service provider who will set You up with Ex-Directory status .
This change will automatically be communicated to all directory enquiry services .
If Your concern is merely to avoid annoying tele-marketing calls , You do n't need to go Ex-Directory .
A more effective action is to register with the Telephone Preference Service ( TPS ) which maintains a database of people that do not wish to receive such calls .
Tele-marketing companies are legally obliged not to call numbers that have been registered on TPS .
There are two versions of the Electoral Register .
The Full Electoral Register can only be used for electoral and other restricted purposes .
The Edited Electoral Register was created in 2002 to provide a consented national name and address database that can be used for non-electoral purposes .
Everyone has the right to opt-out of the Edited Electoral Register .
Among the many uses of the Edited Electoral Register is the use by directories such as 192.com , by companies to prevent fraudulent credit card use , and by many charities such as adoption and fostering agencies and organ donation charities .
There are many advantages to being on the Edited Electoral Register .
For convenience , 192.com obtains the Edited Electoral Register from a credit reference agency who in turn obtains the information direct from local authorities .
To opt-out of being listed in the Edited Electoral Register You should contact Your local council or tick the relevant box on the annual voter registration form .
192.com recommends only opting-out of the Edited Electoral Register if You have a specific need .
If Your only concern is to avoid direct marketing , or `` junk mail '' as it is sometimes called , there is a more effective way than opting-out of the Edited Electoral Register .
This is because the Edited Register is only one source of many of names and addresses for marketing companies .
The Mail Preference Service maintains a list of all those people that do not wish to receive direct marketing and this is used by almost all direct marketing companies to avoid sending such mail :
In addition to opting-out of the Edited Electoral Register through Your local council , You may also contact 192.com directly to be removed from the Electoral Registers published on the Service .
To do this please download the record removal form and mail it to the address given or fax it to 0207 909 2169 .
The Company Directors Database is a list of all UK company directors which is collated by Companies House .
Company director information is in the public domain to encourage transparency regarding the companies that consumers deal with .
Only under very unusual circumstances will Companies House allow a director 's details to be made anonymous .
Should You wish to investigate this possibility please contact Companies House on : +44 ( 0 ) 303 1234 500
Personal Information collected during registration / payment
What Personal Information is collected and why ?
If You register with 192.com You will be asked to provide Your name and email address and You will be asked to choose a password for Your account .
This information helps to ensure that Your account is protected and allows 192.com to display private information to You about Your account .
Your e-mail address is used as Your 192.com user name , but it also provides a means of contacting You about Your account , about the Service and to promote our products and services to You .
If You pay to access premium services on the Service it will be necessary to provide Your address and credit / debit card details .
This enables the card transaction to be processed including checks to prevent unauthorized use of Your credit card by fraudsters .
In performing these checks Your Personal Information may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information .
You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm Your identity , that a credit check is not performed and that Your credit rating will be unaffected .
Personal Information collected from You during registration / payment will never be published on the Service .
During registration , we will seek Your agreement to send You the regular 192.com newsletter informing You about the Service and providing offers and promotions .
192.com will also seek Your agreement to share Your contact details with carefully selected partners so that they may send You offers and promotions .
If You do not wish to receive the 192.com newsletter or offers , You can unsubscribe at any time by going to `` Your Account '' , and selecting `` change e-mail preferences '' , or You can write to : Customer Service , 192.com Limited , Units 8-10 Quayside Lodge , William Morris Way , London , SW6 2UZ .
Personal Information collected during registration / payment
Except as specifically set out in this policy , 192.com does not disclose Your Personal Information to any other person or organization except that it may disclose Personal Information to 192.com employees and companies acting as data processors on 192.com 's behalf .
Data processors acting on 192.com 's behalf may only use the information in line with 192.com 's instructions .
In addition 192.com may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such disclosure is necessary to : ( i ) comply with legal process or assist law enforcement agencies including the Police and the Information Commissioner 's Office ; ( ii ) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties ; or ( iii ) protect the rights , property or safety of 192.com , its users , or the public .
What search logs are collected and why ?
192.com keeps logs of all searches conducted by users of the Service ( whether registered or not ) including the IP ( Internet Protocol ) address from which a user session was conducted , the identity of the searcher ( where we have it ) , the date and time of each search made and the results provided in response to a search .
This information may be used : i ) to assist in improving the nature and quality of the Service ; ii ) to advise individuals whose Personal Information appears in search results that their Personal Information has been displayed to a user of the Service and , if the searching user 's identity is known , this information may be passed to the individual whose Personal Information has been displayed ; and iii ) 192.com also reserves the right to pass on such logs to the Police in the event that it might assist with an investigation .
Use of Cookies on 192.com
What are Cookies ?
A Cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information that will be downloaded to Your computer when You use 192.com .
Each time You return to 192.com this information will be automatically sent back to the 192.com servers enabling it to identify the computer that is connected to the Service and to recall Your personal settings for use of the Service .
Cookies do not contain Personal Information .
Cookies do lots of jobs and are a commonplace tool used by all major websites .
They enable things such as navigating between pages efficiently , remembering user preferences , and generally improving the user experience .
They can also help to ensure that adverts You see online are more relevant to You and Your interests .
There is legal regulation around how cookies are used and the agreement required from users and 192.com is committed to meeting these requirements .
What types of cookie does 192.com use and obtaining Your agreement ?
The three categories of cookie that 192.com uses are :
Category 1 - Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable You to move around the Service and use its features .
Without these cookies , 192.com could not provide the Service to You .
You may not use our Service if you do not wish these cookies to be placed on Your computer .
Category 2 - Internal cookies ( sometimes known as `` performance '' and `` monitoring '' cookies )
These cookies collect information about how visitors to 192.com use the site , for instance which pages are used most often , and allow 192.com to remember choices You make such as Your user name .
The information collected using these cookies can not track Your browsing activity on other web sites .
By using 192.com , You agree that these cookies can be placed on your computer .
Category 3 - Targeting cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to You and Your interests .
They may also limit the number of times You see a particular advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns .
They are usually placed by third party advertising networks with 192.com 's permission .
They remember that You have visited a particular web site and this information together with information on Your inferred interests ( based on how you have used that web site ) is shared with other organizations such as advertisers .
Currently , 192.com allows two organizations to place targeting cookies , Google and Unanimis .
You can choose not to have these cookies placed on Your computer by going to :
Unless You opt-out You agree that our partners may place these cookies on Your computer .
Acceptance of this Policy
By using the Service You signify Your acceptance of the 192.com Privacy Policy .
If You do not accept this Policy , You may not use the Service .
192.com may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version via the Privacy Policy links on the Service .
We recommend that You frequently check for updates .
Continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes will signify Your acceptance of those changes .
Help to improve our Service
Your comments are important to us and help us improve the service we offer .
If You have any comments regarding our Privacy Policy , please contact us or write to : Customer Services , 192.com Limited , Units 8-10 Quayside Lodge , William Morris Way , London , SW6 2UZ .
192.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build users ' trust in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices .
Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to Your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , You should first contact Customer Services .
If You do not receive acknowledgement of Your enquiry or Your enquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , You should contact TRUSTe who will then serve as a liaison with 192.com to resolve Your concerns .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the Service and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the Service .

This website is owned and operated by 24 Hour Fitness USA , Inc .
Carlsbad , CA 92018
Unless disclosed otherwise , our affiliated sites are governed by this Privacy Policy .
Our Digital Properties also contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by 24 Hour Fitness .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Digital Properties and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
1.3 No Information From Children Under Age 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not attempt to register at 24 Hour Fitness or provide any personally identifiable information about yourself to us .
If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will promptly delete that information .
Carlsbad , CA 92018
1.4 Terms of Use .
Please note that your use of our Digital Properties is also subject to our Terms of Use , or other applicable End User License Agreements associated with such Digital Properties .
2.1 Information You Provide Us .
You can provide information to us through various means using our Digital Properties .
The information we collect includes personally identifiable information , such as your name , home address , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , and email address , and social media account ID .
You may also provide non-personally identifiable information , for example , demographic information , such as gender and date of birth , or the name of your employer or school .
You can also provide demographic information , such as gender and date of birth .
The information we collect may include the following :
Home / mobile telephone number
Credit , debit or other payment account number and related information and employment verification
Health related information ( as explained below )
Social media account ID
For corporate sponsored program participants : Name of Employer
For health insurance related program participants : Insurance Information
For school-related programs : name of School or Group
For children enrolled in Kid 's Club : we collect from the parent/legal guardian , the name , date of birth , parent/legal guardian contact information , list of known allergies , and physical description ( hair and eye color )
During the My24 online account creation process you will select a user name and password .
If you purchase any products or services through our Digital Properties we collect your credit card or debit card number and related information , as applicable .
For retail online accounts , we maintain your order status , order history and other information through your mystore account .
We collect information from you when you purchase a membership and other services from us , including when you use our My24 mobile app to purchase a membership and other services .
If you sign up for a free day pass to our clubs , you will provide us your name , email address and telephone number , as well as non-personally identifiable information including your birthdate .
2.2 Log Information We Collect from You Automatically .
We collect certain information automatically as you use our Digital Properties , including your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , browser type , computer type , type of mobile device ( if used ) , the carrier for your mobile device , your computer operating system , the version of the Digital Properties that you access , the site from where you navigated to our Digital Properties , time and date of using the Digital Properties , whether you are a repeat visitor , how long you use the Digital Properties and the pages on or using our Digital Properties that you view .
This information is anonymous , and we do not link it to your personally identifiable information .
When you visit or use our Digital Properties we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device .
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
When you visit the website again , the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser .
Cookies may store unique identifiers , user preferences and other information .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some website features or services may not function properly without cookies .
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service , including for storing user preferences , tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you .
2.4 Pixel Tags .
We may use `` pixel tags , '' which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server .
When corresponding with you via HTML capable email , we may use `` format sensing '' technology , which allows pixel tags to let us know whether you received and opened our email .
2.5 Physical Location .
We may collect the physical location of your device by , for example , using satellite , cell phone tower , WiFi signals or your IP address .
We may use your device 's physical location to provide you with location-based services and content .
We may also share your device 's physical location , combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect , with our marketing service providers to enable them to provide you with more localized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns .
You may be able to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device 's location by changing your device 's location settings , but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing , we and our marketing service providers may not be able to provide you with the location-based services and content .
2.6 Aggregated Information .
We may aggregate personally identifiable information .
Aggregated information is not personally identifiable information because it does not identify and is not associated with you or any other user of our Digital Properties .
How We Use Your Information
3.1 To Provide Products , Services , and Information .
As described above , we collect information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the Digital Properties and information that you request from us .
We use your personally identifiable information to :
Provide services and products to you
Process payments for your membership and services , including credit card , debit card and bank account debit ( ACH ) transactions
Contact you regarding your membership and services , and other administrative information
Respond to your inquiries , comments , reviews and ratings
3.2 Retail Online Account .
When you create an online account for retail purchases , you can store your personally identifiable information and use it later when using our Digital Properties or purchasing products on or using our Digital Properties .
You can also view your current orders and order history .
If you sign-up to receive newsletters or other communications from us , we use your email address and other relevant personally identifiable information to provide the newsletters and other communications to you .
You can always opt-out of receiving email newsletters or advertisements by using the opt-out feature provided with the email communications .
We use your information to provide advertisements and promotional information relating to products and services that we provide or otherwise offer for sale .
We use cookies to track your activity on our Digital Properties so we can provide this advertising to you .
3.5 Our Business Purposes .
We may use your information for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , fraud monitoring and prevention , developing new products and services , enhancing , improving or modifying our Digital Properties , identifying usage trends , determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities .
3.6 Other Purposes .
We may use non-personally identifiable information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined .
How We Share Your Information
4.1 Our Third Party Service Providers .
We may share your information with our third party service providers and agents who provide services such as website hosting , data analysis , payment processing , order fulfillment , information technology and related infrastructure provision , customer service , email delivery , text messaging , credit card or other payment account processing , auditing and similar services .
Contracts with our service providers require them to keep information confidential .
4.2 Advertising and Third Party Advertisers .
We may use third party service providers to display ads on our behalf on our Digital Properties and third party sites not affiliated with 24 Hour Fitness .
If you view a web page where our ads appear , the advertising company may place a cookie on your computer or use a Web beacon to access a cookie that they previously placed on your computer .
These companies do not collect information that can personally identify you , but they may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites to measure the effectiveness of ads .
We do not disclose any personally identifiable information to these companies .
We may share aggregate Digital Properties usage information with third party advertisers and partners for the purpose of effectively targeting our online advertisements .
Unless you are previously notified , these advertising companies do not link any online behavior or cookies with other information that can be used to personally identify you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
These third party advertising networks also track visitors ' online usage and behavior patterns .
These companies may use information about your visits to our Digital Properties and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our Digital Properties and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
The result of these efforts is the creation of an online profile that attempts to predict individual user interests , preferences and purchasing habits .
The third party advertising networks then accordingly customize the advertising content served to users when visiting other websites .
At this time we do not respond to browser 'do not track ' signals , as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted .
Third parties , including our service providers , may collect information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites , including when you visit our Web site .
The Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) is a self-regulatory organization that provides educational content and opt-out tools to help Internet users learn about and address online interest-based behavioral marketing practices .
4.3 Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Digital Properties .
We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity , to prevent imminent bodily harm , or to prevent harm to 24 Hour Fitness , the Digital Properties , our members or other individuals .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , courts , or other government entities .
4.4 Sharing by You .
If you post comments , information or other materials on our message boards , blogs , social media pages or other services , please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information and may be available to users of the Digital Properties and to the general public .
We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information , or any other information , on the Digital Properties .
4.5 Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control .
If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Digital Properties to a third party , we may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new owner to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy .
4.6 Other Sharing of Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
We may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
In some instances , we may combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( such as associating your name with your employer if you are a participant in a corporate sponsored program ) , in which case we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined .
Access to Your Information and Choices
You can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by signing into your account and going to the member information area of our Digital Properties .
Carlsbad , CA 92018
To opt-out of other means of marketing communications , including telephone , text or other electronic communications from 24 Hour Fitness , contact Member Services at 1-800-432-6348 .
You can close your online retail shopping account by contacting us .
If you close your account , we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties .
We may , however , retain a copy of the information for archival purposes , and to avoid identity theft or fraud .
We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you administrative messages so that you continue to receive important information ( for example , transactional messages relating to your membership , purchases and club information ) .
Security of Your Information
We use industry standard physical , technical and administrative security measures to protect your information .
Our employees have access to your personally identifiable information only on a need to know basis .
Contracts with our third party service providers require them to keep information confidential .
Sensitive data ( such as a credit card number ) is protected by SSL encryption when it is transmitted between your web browser and our Digital Properties .
However , no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Questions section above .
Please note that emails you send to us through our Digital Properties are not encrypted , and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these mean
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to the Privacy Policy on our homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Digital Properties .
Your use of the Digital Properties following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .

We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time .
We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to review this Policy from time-to-time to make sure that you understand how any personally identifiable information you provide to us or collected about you will be used .
New IT Solutions Ltd. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe certification does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site .
What Is Personal Information
As used in this Policy , the term `` personally identifiable information '' means information that specifically identifies an individual ( such as a name , user name or e-mail address ) , or information about that individual that is directly linked to information that specifically identifies an individual .
Personally identifiable information does not include `` aggregate '' information , which is data we collect about the use of the Service or about a group or category of services or users , from which individual identities or other personally identifiable information has been removed .
This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information .
What Information Do We Collect
Active Collection : We collect information from you in various ways when you use the Service and Apps .
For example , we collect information : ( i ) that you voluntarily provide to us ( such as when you send us an email ) ; and ( ii ) to which you provide us access .
Such information may include personal information , such as your name , email address , date of birth , social network data and performance related data .
When using our Apps we will collect information such as device type , operating system type and version .
Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with posting data , providing access to your online groups and other activities in connection with the Service .
We do not ask you for , access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services .
Passive Collection : When you use the Service and our Apps , some information is also automatically collected , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , your operating system , the browser type , the address of a referring website , and your activity on the Service .
We may also automatically collect certain logistical information in server logs , including information about how you use various features of the Service and information about the number , frequency and length of each session .
We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of `` cookies '' when you use the Service .
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website .
Among other things , cookies help us to improve the Service and your experience .
If we link cookies to any personally identifiable information , we will treat this information as personally identifiable information .
If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies , please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions .
However , if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect certain features or services made available via the Service .
The use of cookies by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
We may use Web beacons or similar technology on the Service and in our Apps .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
Web beacons are small , invisible graphic images that may be used on the Service or in emails relating to the Service to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Service , such as to count visits , understand usage effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon .
Such technologies are used to collect aggregate statistics related to usage of the Service and do not collect personally identifiable information .
Personally identifiable information will be stored on secured servers , and we may store and process personally identifiable information in the United States and other countries .
How Do We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
We use personally identifiable information collected through the Service and Apps for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Service or in the Apps .
For example , we may use personally identifiable information we collect :
to process and complete any transactions in connection with the Service and Apps ;
to request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Service and Apps ;
to respond to your emails , questions , comments , requests and complaints , and to provide customer service ;
to monitor and analyze Service and App usage and trends ;
to personalize and improve the Service or Apps , and our users ' experiences with the Service and Apps ( such as providing content or features that match interests ) , and to increase the Service 's or Apps ' functionality and user friendliness ;
to send you confirmations , updates , security alerts , additional information about our products and services and support and administrative messages , and otherwise facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Service or Apps .
When sending marketing information about our services or products , we will only use your email address used during registration ; we will not use other email addresses you may have provided to us , for instance in a feedback form , to send marketing emails ;
to notify you about important changes to the Service and Apps .
What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Share With Third-Parties
We will not knowingly share the personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Service or Apps with third-parties , except as described in this Policy or on the Service or Apps .
For example , we may share personally identifiable information as follows :
with vendors , consultants , and other service providers such as a credit card processing company to bill you for services , a forum provider for hosting our public forums , and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf ( Service Providers ) .
When you sign up for our services we will share your personal information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service . ;
when you give us your consent to do so , including if we notify you on the Service or Apps that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ;
in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you ;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities including , but not limited to , responding to lawful subpoenas , warrants , or court orders ;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights , property , or safety of New IT Solutions Ltd. , our users , our employees , copyright owners , third-parties or the public including , but not limited to , protecting New IT Solutions Ltd. or our users from fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate , or unlawful use of the Service or Apps ;
to enforce or apply this Policy , the Terms , or our other policies or agreements ;
and in connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , financing or acquisition , or in any other situation where personally identifiable information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of New IT Solutions Ltd .
You understand that when you use the Service , information you provide via the Service , information you grant access to by using the Service , as well as any information you share with individuals through the Service , will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available .
We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third-parties , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any other users or third- parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with third-party privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third-parties .
Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information , which may be shared with third-parties without your consent .
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Service , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
New IT Solutions Ltd. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
We may offer publicly accessible blogs through our Service .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Links to Other Websites
The Service may contain links to other websites .
Any personally identifiable information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third- party and is subject to that third- party 's privacy policy .
This Policy does not apply to such linked websites , and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other websites that are linked to/from the Service .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personally identifiable information .
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online
We take reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse , and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Please be aware , however , that despite our efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or any other type of misuse .
To assist with the protection of personally identifiable information , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
You are responsible for all uses of the Service and Apps by any person using your password .
Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We partner with a third party ad network to display advertising within our Apps .
Our ad network partner uses Web beacons and log files to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt- out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
You can log in to our Service ( or link your App to your social network ) using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our Service includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information
You may `` opt out '' of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails .
You may also log into your account and make the appropriate selections in the communications tab in the settings menu .
If you opt out , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations .

Updated January 1 , 2013
In connection with a restructuring of our business , we have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect that the Site is operated by Zapppos IP , Inc. ( successor-in-interest to Zappos Development , Inc. ) .
Although the substance of the policy is effectively the same as in the past , there are some changes .
The updated policy no longer refers to the Free Clothing Giveaway as it is not currently offered on our website .
The updated policy now refers to contests and sweepstakes , as we may offer either or both on our website from time to time .
The updated policy allows information to be shared among Zappos.com , Inc. and the affiliates it controls .
These are only a few of the changes to the policy , and this brief summary should not affect your interpretation of it .
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully .
Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy .
Last updated : January 1 , 2013 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Thank you for accessing the 6pm.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc .
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information .
To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information .
This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information .
Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy .
This privacy policy applies to the Site .
This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information .
Please see below for details .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site .
One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience .
For example , we can use your personal information to :
help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once .
help you quickly find information , products , and services .
help us create content that is most relevant to you .
alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer .
( a ) Registration and Ordering .
Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form .
During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number .
If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date .
We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files .
In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender .
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes .
If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you .
( b ) Email Addresses .
Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us .
We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes .
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners .
By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes .
( c ) Cookies and Other Technology .
Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage .
( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site .
We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products .
If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase .
THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CAN NOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .
Our cookies are not spyware .
( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times .
For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon .
( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf .
These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us .
( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased .
Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us .
( d ) Log Files .
As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site .
We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes .
( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet . )
( e ) Age .
We respect children 's privacy .
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 .
Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
( f ) Product Reviews .
You may choose to submit a product review .
If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location .
If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) .
Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review .
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information .
( g ) Bizrate Reviews .
Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores .
After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience .
This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback .
Information Use and Disclosure .
( a ) Internal Use .
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service .
We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site .
In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control .
( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries .
Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us .
We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance . )
Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you .
We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) .
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders .
( c ) External Use .
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection .
We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :
( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf .
When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service .
For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information .
We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S . Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party .
In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number .
( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers .
When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( More on this below in Data Security . )
( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction .
When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law .
We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others .
For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud .
( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business .
However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets .
If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect .
( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners .
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user .
( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners .
The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site .
We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities .
Access to your personal information is restricted .
Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information .
Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware .
We believe that their security procedures are adequate .
For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall .
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security .
100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline .
Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account .
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information .
OFFLINE COLLECTION , USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information .
We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information .
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions .
When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question .
When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption .
( See the Data Security section above for more information ) .
Another example involves faxes .
If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information .
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses .
As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices .
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated .

Privacy Policy for Users
Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited ( the `` Company '' or `` we '' ) offers gambling services via its in-house brands such as ( i ) 888 , ( ii ) Casino-on-Net , ( iii ) 888casino , ( iv ) Pacific Poker , ( v ) 888poker , ( vi ) 888sport , ( vii ) 888bingo , ( viii ) 888ladies , ( ix ) 888games , ( x ) 888play , ( xi ) Reef Club Casino ; ( xii ) LuckyAcePoker ; and ( xiii ) Euro City Casino ( each an `` In-House Brand '' ) and via third parties ' brands as part of so called `` white labels '' such as ( i ) Lotos , ( ii ) Tower Torneos , ( iii ) Harrah 's , ( iv ) Oxygen9casino and ( v ) SnapCall ( each a `` White Label Brand '' ) .
In addition to offering its gambling services via the Internet ( the `` Internet Platform '' ) , the Company may from time to time offer its services via alternative platforms such as ( i ) interactive television , ( ii ) mobile gaming platforms , ( iii ) in-flight entertainment platforms , and ( iv ) Facebook applications ( each , an `` Alternative Platform '' ) .
When you use the Company 's gambling services either via an In-House Brand or a White Label Brand , and whether such use is via the Internet Platform or an Alternative Platform , you shall be asked to provide personal identifiable information ( `` PII '' ) to the Company .
The Company is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws and we have therefore provided this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect , use and safeguard your PII for the purpose of offering you gambling services .
You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with the 888.com Group Operated Sites and Services End User License Agreement .
Personal Identifiable Information Collection
We collect PII when you register and use our gambling services , make customer inquiries , register for information or other services from the Company ( including through Facebook applications ) , or when you respond to communications from us ( such as questionnaires or surveys ) .
The PII we will collect from you may include , for example , your name , email address , home address , telephone number , voice sample ( which will not be kept on our records ) , debit/credit card data and date of birth and other information collected on registration or through surveys which the Company shall undertake .
How Your Information is Processed ( `` Purposes
The PII which you provide to us will be processed for one or more of the following Purposes : ( i ) to allow us to provide you with gambling services ; ( ii ) to process any of your requests for information ; ( iii ) to provide member support services to you ; ( iv ) to market our services , websites or products or those of other entities existing within the same group of companies in which the Company exists ( the `` Cassava Group '' ) or those of any of our business partners and affiliates ; ( v ) to notify you about updates to our software and/or services ; and ( vi ) to support any of the intended purposes specifically stated at the time at which you provided the PII .
To Whom Your Information is Disclosed ( `` Recipients
Your PII may , for the Purposes , be disclosed for processing to any of the following Recipients : ( i ) to any companies within the Cassava Group and their employees who have a need to know such information ; ( ii ) to white label partners where we provide you with gambling services via a White Label Brand ; ( iii ) to any third parties which provide services to the Company in order to allow or enable us to provide you with gambling services , including by way of example payment processors and data verifiers ; ( iv ) to any third parties who provide the Cassava Group services in relation to the operation of 888sport ; ( v ) to any auditors , contractors or other advisers auditing any of Cassava Group 's business processes ; and ( vi ) to any potential purchasers or investors in any company within the Cassava Group .
Any processing performed by any Recipients will , where required by law , be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by law , preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights and obligating the Recipients to respect the PII and handle it in accordance with the relevant laws .
We ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law .
Your Choice - Direct Marketing
Out of respect for your right to privacy we are happy to provide you with an easy means to decline receiving email offers from us or from any other companies within the Cassava Group .
If you would like to stop receiving our mail or telemarketing offers , please write to Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited , Suite 601/701 , Europort , Gibraltar .
Your Rights in relation to your PII
You can write to us at any time to obtain a copy of your PII and to have any inaccuracies corrected .
Where appropriate , you may have your PII rectified , amended or completed .
We may levy a small charge to cover the cost of administration .
We have implemented suitable security policies , rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard all the PII under our control from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
All our employees and data processors who have access to , and are associated with the processing of your PII , are obliged to respect your privacy .
We may send you a permanent cookie when you register with us .
A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies can help us to recognize you when you next visit our website , note the advertisements you click on and the other sites you enter via a link from our website .
This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences .
We may also use the data generated from cookies to compile statistical data on your use of our website .
Our website uses four types of cookies : ( i ) 'session cookies ' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed ; ( ii ) 'first party cookies ' / 'persistent cookies ' which are set and read only by our website , saved on your computer for a fixed period ( usually a year or longer ) and are not deleted when the browser is closed .
Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits , for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next login ( such as user name and/or password ) ; ( iii ) 'third party cookies ' which are set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing , for example by third party analytics companies who monitor and analyze our web access ; and ( iv ) 'flash cookies ' which are saved during game play to allow quicker and better gaming experience .
You are not obliged to accept a cookie from us or from any other website .
You can modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for instructions on how to do so correctly .
However , for legitimate security reasons , we may refuse access to specific website content unless you accept the use of a cookie or similar device
When you register with our Facebook application ( `` App '' ) and provide your consent by clicking `` Play Game '' on the landing page of the App , we will obtain the following from your Facebook account through the App : ( i ) your basic information ( including your name , profile picture , gender , networks , user ID , list of friends and any other information you made public on Facebook ) , ( ii ) your email address , and ( iii ) your date of birth .
The App may publish in your name all of your App-related activities through your Facebook account , including bingo rooms/ lobbies you visited , achievements and winnings you earned , your high scores and more , as well as post in chats and send virtual gifts on your behalf .
You shall at all times have the option to modify our permission to do all of the foregoing via your Facebook 's privacy preferences .
We use a third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit our websites .
This technology uses information about your visits to our websites ( not including your name , address , or other personal information ) , to serve our advertisements to you .
In the course of delivering our advertisements to you , a unique third-party 'cookie ' may be placed or recognized on your browser .
We also transmit website usage information about visitors to our websites to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites .
To do this , we use 'Web beacons ' and 'cookies ' provided by our third-party advertisement server on our sites .
The information that is collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable .
The services provided by the Company are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent .
Any person who provides us with PII represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction .
We reserve the right to access and verify any PII submitted by or collected from you .
If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted PII , we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records .
Since we operate globally , it may be necessary to transfer your PII to other companies within the Cassava Group located in countries outside the European Union .
This may happen if our servers or such companies are based outside the European Union , if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside the European Union or if we transfer your PII to such companies for purposes regarding which you will receive advance notice .
The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your PII .
Your PII will not be stored for any longer period than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected .
Cassava Enterprises ( Gibraltar ) Limited Suite 601/701 Europort , Gibraltar
This Privacy Policy is subject to change , so please check it regularly .
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation .
In the event the Purposes change , we will notify you as soon as possible and , where required , seek your consent where such notification relates to a new additional purpose for processing .
Back to Top | 888.com

Protecting Your Privacy | Information We Collect And How We Collect It | Passive Collection Of information , Cookies , Pixel Tags , And Web Beacons | Cookies On The American Airlines Website | What Are The Different Types Of Cookies That American Airlines Uses |Minors | Security | How Your Information Will Be Used | The EU Data Privacy Directive | How You Can Opt Out of Marketing Communications and Sharing of Your Information With Third Parties | Links to Other Sites | The American Family | Contacting Us | Privacy Policy Modifications
This Privacy Policy should answer your questions about the sources and kinds of information we collect , how we use it , when it may be shared with others , and how we reasonably attempt to safeguard its confidentiality and security ; however , it is not a contract .
American reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and will notify users of any material changes by updating the policy here and by including a `` NEWLY UPDATED '' label with the `` PRIVACY POLICY '' link on the websites governed by this policy for 30 days after any material changes are made .
Under no circumstances , though , does this Privacy Policy create a legal right .
We also provide you with ways to correct the data you provide us and to limit our sharing of this data with third parties .
This Privacy Policy is applicable to Travel Reservations , Corporate Sales , Marketing Research , Customer Relations/Service , the AAdvantage program , our mobile apps , and certain affiliated American websites .
Information We Collect And How We Collect It
In order to facilitate your travel and manage our business , we collect and maintain personal information about you .
American collects customer information from many sources to understand and meet your needs .
We collect personal information about you from :
- You , when you voluntarily provide us with information ;
- Your browser and devices , when you visit our websites , including when you input or enter information on our Web forms , and your browser and devices interact with us , this may include detailed information about which plug-ins are enabled or installed on your browser , your screen resolution , and other technical details that may distinguish your device from other devices ;
- Your transactions with any of the companies in the American family ; and
- Other sources , in connection with providing your transportation needs and services .
The personal information we collect about you through these various sources may include , but is not limited to :
- Name , addresses and telephone numbers
- Date of birth and gender
- Email addresses , fax numbers and pager numbers
- AAdvantage account number and flight information
- Credit/debit card number ( s ) , including associated billing address ( es ) and expiration date ( s )
- Information necessary to facilitate travel or other services , including travel companion ( s ) names , emergency contacts , seating preferences and special dietary or medical needs
- Passport number , nationality and country of residence
- Transactional and online activity data pertaining to mileage activity with companies participating in the AAdvantage program
- Use of products and services such as self-service devices , flight status notification and online check-in
- Personal information provided via survey , focus group or other marketing research efforts
- Personal information provided to customer-service representatives to research and resolve issues or questions
- Corporate-contract , employer and/or other corporate affiliation ( i.e . employer name , title , address and contact information )
Passive Collection Of Information , Cookies , Pixel Tags and Web Beacons
In addition to obtaining your personal information , when you use our site , we may collect tracking information such as your browser type , the type of operating system you use , your physical location information if you have first provided permission through your device , the name of your Internet service provider , and pages visited on our site .
American gets this information by using technologies , including cookies , pixel tags , and Web beacons , to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of our site and to better tailor our site , products , and services to our visitors ' needs .
We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests and for reporting onsite activity in the aggregate .
For example , we may want to know how long the average user spends on our site or which pages or features get the most attention .
We also use social network or other third-party plug-ins and widgets on our site that may allow the associated social networks or third parties to passively collect information about the page you visit , even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget and regardless of whether you have an account or other relationship with these social networks and third parties .
Information is transmitted from your browser and may include an identifier assigned by the social network or third party , information about your browser type , operating system , device type , IP address and the URL of the Web page where the plug-in or widget appears .
If you use social network tools or visit social networking sites , you should read their privacy disclosures , to learn what information they collect , use , and share .
Cookies On The American Airlines Website
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience on our website .
We also use cookies to show you advertising that is relevant to you .
If you continue to browse our website without changing your settings , you agree to receive cookies from the American Airlines website .
However , if you prefer , you can change your browser cookie settings at any time .
Most browsers have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies , reject cookies , or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent .
You may elect to reject cookies by adjusting your browser 's settings , but doing so will limit the range of features available to the visitor on our website and most other major websites that use cookies .
Find out more about managing cookies with the online resource All About Cookies .
Our site also occasionally uses `` local shared objects '' such as `` Flash cookies . ''
Like browser cookies , Flash cookies may be used for coordinating content delivery , website functionality , maintaining preferences , advertising , or analytics .
What Are The Different Types of Cookies That American Airlines Uses
There are four types of cookies and American Airlines uses them for the following purposes :
These cookies enable you to use the website .
They store session data used by the website code .
These cookies are essential to enable you to browse the website and use certain website features .
Disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the website .
Without these cookies , services like shopping activity and paying activity can not be provided .
These cookies also help keep the website safe and secure .
These cookies store information such as your preferred country and language selection , AAdvantage login data and website preferences .
Without these cookies , our website can not remember certain choices you 've previously made or personalize your browsing experience by providing you with relevant information .
These cookies can also be used to recognize your device so that you do not have to provide the same information more than once .
These cookies collect information about how you use our website such as which pages you visit most often .
The information these cookies collect is anonymous and is used to improve how our website works .
These cookies are used to provide you with the best experience possible such as tracking page load , site response times , error messages and browser data .
They are also used to gather feedback on customer satisfaction through website surveys .
Behavioral / Advertising cookies
These cookies gather information about your browsing behavior so we may better improve your site experience and provide you with more relevant content .
They remember that you 've visited our website and assist in providing information on understanding usage of products and services on the website .
We do this in order to provide you with advertisements and messages that are relevant to you and your interests .
Many of these cookies are from third parties that American Airlines uses as part of its advertising or marketing program .
Some of these third parties use only anonymous or technical information while others also use proprietary consumer datasets that may include personal information websites .
To learn more about cookies and your privacy on the Web , visit the online resource All About Cookies .
Due to the nature of our services , travel purchase information , which may include personally identifiable information , may be collected by American from children under the age of 13 when it is necessary to comply with the law , including federal aviation or security regulations , or as otherwise necessary for American to provide transportation needs and services .
We may retain personally identifiable information when necessary to provide transportation and related services to a child under the age of 13 .
American does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 other than when necessary to comply with the law or for safety and security reasons .
When you buy an American Airlines ticket or access your AAdvantage account over the World Wide Web , your web browser connects with the website through SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
SSL is an industry-standard way to send personal information over the Internet .
SSL ensures you are actually sending data to American Airlines and not someone who claims to be American Airlines .
Look for one or more of these indicators on your browser to ensure you have a secure connection : A security alert window tells you that you are about to use a secure connection .
Some browsers let you choose whether to display this window .
While American Airlines reasonably attempts to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your private information including , without limitation , your personally identifiable information , we can not be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access , and we make no warranty , express , implied , or otherwise , that we will prevent unauthorized access to your private information .
IN NO EVENT SHALL AMERICAN AIRLINES OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ( WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL , DIRECT , INCIDENTAL , INDIRECT , PUNITIVE , SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING OUT OF , OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH , A THIRD PARTY 'S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , TORT OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY , AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER AMERICAN AIRLINES WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE .
How Your Information Will Be Used
American uses personally identifiable information to complete transactions and fulfill requests for our services .
For example , American requires you to provide personal information when making a reservation to purchase airline tickets or related products and services such as renting cars or booking hotel rooms through an American Airlines Reservations Agent , travel agent , the aa.com website or other travel-related website , or enrolling in the AAdvantage program .
Administrative and Analytical Purposes
In addition to processing , confirming and fulfilling the travel or other services you request , American may use customer information for administrative and analytical purposes such as information systems management , accounting , billing and audits , marketing , credit card processing and verification , customer-relations correspondence , and/or operation of the AAdvantage program .
American also uses customer information to identify , develop and market products and services that we believe you will value .
Please note that the laws and regulations of several countries require us to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to the data you disclose to us and data that we have about you and your travel plans , history , or status , including both before and after a flight arrives and American does not have control or knowledge of the storage and use of that data after it has been delivered to the respective government entity .
Further , to the extent required by law , we may disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities , or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process , and we may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to protect the rights or property of American , our customers , our website , or its users .
With Whom Your Information Will be Shared
American does not sell any customer information or share your personal information with third parties except in compliance with this policy .
However , we may disclose customer information to companies affiliated with American and/or unaffiliated third parties to fulfill the products and services you have requested and to process your information for our own administrative and analytical purposes .
We may also disclose this information to third parties , such as employers , who have arranged for discounts , purchased travel or other services on your behalf .
Additionally , American may combine the information we receive from you with information collected from other sources .
This information may be used to provide offers and/or services specifically tailored to your interests .
From time to time , you may receive offers from affiliated American companies such as AMR Investments , American Eagle , AAdvantage participants , American Airlines Vacations , and American Connection or from carefully-selected third party companies with which we have a business relationship .
In addition , we may provide information we collect about you to third parties to distribute promotions , sweepstakes , marketing surveys , focus groups , interviews and other opportunities offered by American .
These third parties are subject to stringent data security and confidentiality requirements and , upon completion of their services , all customer information is returned to American or destroyed .
In the event we undergo a business transition involving another company , such as a merger , corporate reorganization , acquisition , the sale of all or a portion of our assets , or in the event of bankruptcy , information that we have collected from or about you or your devices may be disclosed to such other entity as part of the due diligence or business integration process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets .
The EU Data Privacy Directive
The EU Data Privacy Directive gives you certain rights in relation to the information which we hold about you including a right to request a copy of the information .
When you provide us with your information , you acknowledge that this information may be stored and processed on servers located anywhere in the World , including either inside or outside of the USA or the European Economic Area .
How You Can Opt Out of Marketing Communications and Sharing of Your Information With Third Parties
If you are an AAdvantage member and you want to opt out of receiving marketing email , click here to log in to the AAdvantage website and update your preferences .
You may also contact AAdvantage Customer Service to submit your request .
Please note that you will continue to receive AAdvantage program updates and email products for which you have subscribed .
In addition , all marketing email from American will have a valid opt-out link in the body of the message .
Please be aware , unsubscribing by email will unsubscribe all users at this address , even if they are registered AAdvantage members with registered preferences .
Regardless of your opt-out preferences , we reserve the right to send you certain communications and share your information with third parties for administrative and analytical purposes .
Other companies or programs in the American Family may require different steps to change your preferences for participation .
Links to Other Sites
We 'd also like to remind visitors that we provide additional links to resources we think you 'll find useful .
These links will lead you to sites that are not affiliated with American and may operate under different privacy practices .
Our visitors are responsible for reviewing the privacy policies for such other websites , as we have no control over information that is submitted to these companies .
This Privacy Policy is applicable to American and certain of its affiliates , without limitation American Eagle , American Connection and American 's departments , including without limitation Travel Reservations , Corporate Sales , Marketing Research , Customer Relations/Service , and the AAdvantage program , and our mobile apps .
Certain affiliated American websites may also have additional privacy policies and procedures in place , as described on those websites .
American reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
We will post any changes here , so be sure to check back periodically .
This policy was last reviewed on July 29 , 2013 .

The American Academy of Family Physicians ( AAFP ) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and customers .
The AAFP maintains safeguards to store and secure information about its members and customers .
The safeguards may be physical , electronic , or procedural .
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) describes : ( i ) how the AAFP collects information from its websites and through your other voluntary interactions with the AAFP ( e.g. , subscription to an AAFP publication , communication with the AAFP Contact Center , purchase of an AAFP product , application for AAFP membership , registration to an AAFP event , participation in a member survey ) ; and ( ii ) how the AAFP uses this information .
With respect to websites , please note that this Policy applies only to the AAFP 's websites and not to the websites of unrelated third-party companies or organizations to which the AAFP provides links , or to any software that may be downloaded from the AAFP 's websites .
The AAFP reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time ; in such case , the AAFP will post a notice that this Policy has been modified by revising the Last updated date at the bottom of this page .
What information does the AAFP collect
The AAFP collects two types of information : ( 1 ) non-personally identifiable information for everyone who visits its websites ; and ( 2 ) personally identifiable information for members , registered website users , and anyone who purchases or requests products , services , or information .
The AAFP employs cookies to collect information about all visitors to AAFP websites , including pages viewed and the order visited , terms used in searching AAFP websites , and products investigated or purchased .
The AAFP uses cookies to offer greater functionality , and the information generated from these cookies is used to help determine which services are most important and to guide editorial and business decisions .
Users who do not desire the functionality offered by cookies may disable cookie functionality in their browsers or through settings on their mobile devices ; however , users who do so may not be able to use some features of AAFP websites .
For example , a registered user must have cookies enabled in order to access the registered-user sections of the AAFP websites .
For system administration and troubleshooting , the AAFP also logs the originating Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , the browser and operating system used , and information about your individual use , such as time and date of visits , duration of sessions , and other similar usage or system data .
The AAFP collects this non-personally identifiable information from users who are browsing the public areas of AAFP websites .
Users of the public areas of AAFP websites browse anonymously ; however , once a user registers and logs in as a member/customer , subsequent visits to public areas of AAFP websites are no longer anonymous .
The AAFP does not review the use of publicly accessible areas of AAFP websites by individual users unless this information will assist in troubleshooting individual problems or in certain cases in conjunction with personally identifiable information ( as set forth below under How does the AAFP use information collected ? ) .
The AAFP will also review this information if a user 's account is associated with : ( i ) attempts to violate the security of AAFP computer networks ; ( ii ) activity that degrades the performance of AAFP websites ; or ( iii ) activity that might be related to copyright or other violations .
In addition to the non-personally identifiable items listed above , the AAFP records the user 's name and member/customer ID number for all registered users ( i.e. , users who have logged into a password-protected area of an AAFP website ) .
In the course of using AAFP websites , a user may be asked to provide personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , zip code , email address , telephone number , fax number , credit card payment information ) in order to purchase a product , participate in an AAFP activity , subscribe to a journal , request information , or otherwise interact with the AAFP .
In addition , users may be asked to update their contact information .
The AAFP also collects email addresses voluntarily provided via membership applications and renewals , website registrations , product purchases , member surveys , downloads of certain materials , email communication sign-ups , and comments made in discussion threads on AAFP websites .
Important note for AAFP members : The AAFP also maintains a membership database .
The information in this database ( e.g. , National Provider Identifier [ NPI ] numbers ; demographic information , such as education and specialty ) is drawn from membership applications , dues payment forms , subscriptions , product orders , continuing medical education ( CME ) reporting , public databases , member surveys , and other correspondence between the AAFP and its members or chapters .
Credit card information : The AAFP does not disclose the credit card account information or activity of its customers .
When members and customers pay using their credit cards , the AAFP submits this information encrypted to obtain payment from the appropriate clearing house .
If credit card numbers are stored in AAFP databases , they are encrypted .
How does the AAFP use information collected
The AAFP uses the information it collects to better serve members , customers , and visitors to the AAFP websites in the following ways :
AAFP services and products
The AAFP uses information collected to improve its web content , to respond to visitor needs and preferences , and to develop new products and services .
For example , the AAFP will combine non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , data stored in cookies , user 's IP address ) with personally identifiable information ( e.g. , user 's name , member/customer ID , email address ) to offer products and services that may be of specific interest to the user .
Disclosure to third parties
The AAFP makes member contact information available in its online membership directory only to other members of the AAFP who have verified their membership status before entering the online membership directory .
The AAFP also shares membership , demographic , CME , and/or contact information with organizations such as the following : AAFP chapters ; the AAFP Foundation ; FamMedPAC ; TransforMED , LLC ; AAFP Insurance Services , Inc. ; and the American Board of Family Medicine ( ABFM ) .
The AAFP also may share CME activity participation records with medical licensing boards ( which may include CME reporting agents and/or contractors of those boards ) .
Such records may include , but not be limited to : the member 's name and license number ; the name and date of the CME activity ; and the number of credits received for participation in the CME activity .
In connection with the Physician Payments Sunshine Act , CME attendees ' names , addresses , license numbers , states of licensure , and any transfers of value may be shared with the CME activities ' funders .
The AAFP also may disclose limited personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , email address , NPI number , purchase information ) to outside service providers that help the AAFP offer products , services , and information .
For example , the AAFP may work with outside service providers to : ( i ) distribute emails or make telephone solicitations ; ( ii ) assist with direct marketing , customize journal advertisements , and collect data ; ( iii ) help detect and prevent fraud ; and ( iv ) otherwise assist the AAFP in enhancing its products , services , and other offerings , and serving its members and customers .
The AAFP requires that these outside service providers agree to keep confidential all such information and to use it for the purposes designated by the AAFP .
Like many other organizations , the AAFP may use outside marketing companies to place and monitor advertisements or links on AAFP websites and on other websites .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , links clicked on during a visit , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked on or scrolled over ) and personally identifiable information ( e.g. , NPI number ) during your visits to AAFP websites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about products and services more likely to be of interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or a third-party web beacon to collect this information .
The AAFP is not responsible for the collection or use of information by such marketing companies or third-party websites .
On occasion , the AAFP also may provide personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , demographic information ) to an outside service provider in order to rent mailing lists of the AAFP 's members to third parties that offer their own CME , products , or services deemed of interest to the clinical or socioeconomic practice of medicine .
These third parties only receive names and addresses ; they do not receive phone numbers , fax numbers , demographic information , or email addresses .
Once someone voluntarily provides an email address , the AAFP assumes it has permission to email that person with questions , transaction follow-up , and advertisements , and to send bulk email messages .
The AAFP collects data to track the effectiveness of emails , which enables the AAFP to better serve its audiences .
As noted earlier , there are instances in which the AAFP will share email addresses of its members and customers with outside service providers who are under an obligation of confidentiality ; however , the AAFP does not sell the email addresses of its members and customers .
Disclosure required by law or emergency circumstances
The AAFP may release personal information to third parties in order to comply with legal requirements .
The AAFP has agreements with other organizations that offer products and services through AAFP websites or affiliate agreements .
When the user interacts with these organizations on the organizations ' websites , whether as a result of following links from an AAFP website , within an AAFP email , or otherwise , different rules and privacy policies may apply .
Since the AAFP does not control the collection of information or the use of information collected via these other organizations ' websites , the AAFP is not responsible for their privacy practices , security , or content .
While the AAFP hopes that the information in this Policy helps you understand how the AAFP uses and protects your information to provide you with better service , you may still choose not to receive information from the AAFP .
All of the AAFP 's marketing emails and some of its informational emails include a link for unsubscribing .
Registered users on the AAFP 's websites also can log in to the My Account section to change their email preferences .
The AAFP will apply your unsubscribe request as quickly as possible .
However , because there may be email campaigns already in progress , you may continue to receive emails from the AAFP for a few days .
The AAFP requires up to 10 days to apply your unsubscribe request .
After this time , you should no longer receive marketing or informational emails from the AAFP .
You may still receive emails regarding your transactions ( e.g. , confirmation that you have placed an order )
To discontinue receipt of the AAFP 's catalogs and direct mail promotions , please call the AAFP Contact Center at ( 800 ) 274-2237 .
Your request will be processed as quickly as possible .
However , due to mailing lead times , it is possible that you may receive a few more mailings from the AAFP .
After six to eight weeks , you should no longer receive mailings from the AAFP .
Last updated : December 13 , 2013

The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons and the American Association of Orthopaedic Surgeons ( collectively `` AAOS '' ) are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust , and accordingly maintain the following privacy policy to protect the personal information you provide .
Some of the personal information AAOS collects is provided online .
What Information May Be Collected
Information from AAOS Fellows and Members
collects certain personal information from its Fellows and Members to ensure that AAOS records are accurate and up-to-date .
This information may include :
First and last name
Home or office postal mailing address , including street name and name of city or town
E-mail address ( when provided )
Telephone number ( s )
Fax number ( s ) ( when provided )
Personal website address ( when provided )
National Provider Identifier ( NPI ) number ( only from those residing in the U.S.A . )
Credit card information ( if purchases are made ) AAOS is Payment Card Industry ( PCI ) compliant ; no credit card numbers are stored on our servers
Educational background , including residency sites and dates of certification or recertification by the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery ( ABOS ) or the American Osteopathic Board of Orthopaedic Surgery ( AOBOS )
Participation in AAOS Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) programs
Participation in Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) programs of some other orthopaedic organizations
Certain practice characteristics provided in the biennial Orthopaedic Census
Specialty interests ; practice focus histories of search requests on OKO and reprints requested
Information regarding the use of Orthopaedic Knowledge Online ( OKO )
For purchases , a record of all AAOS examinations , books , CD-ROMs , DVDs , videotapes , audiotapes and patient education materials ordered
At their discretion , Fellows and Members may supply AAOS with certain practice demographic information , including age ( adult , child ) , anatomical , and treatment specialties , and other related information .
In addition , the AAOS may on occasion collect information about AAOS Fellows and Members from various federal agencies ( e.g. , the Federal Election Commission ) .
Information from Non-Orthopaedic Surgeons or Orthopaedic Surgeons who are not AAOS Fellows or Members
AAOS collects certain personal information from non-orthopaedic surgeons or from orthopaedic surgeons who are not AAOS Fellows or Members who wish to purchase or obtain AAOS materials or to register for a course .
This information may include :
First and last name
Home or office postal mailing address , including street name and name of city or town
E-mail address ( when provided )
Telephone number ( s ) ( when provided )
Fax number ( s ) ( when provided )
National Provider Identifier ( NPI ) number ( only from those residing in the U.S.A . )
Credit card information ( if purchases are made ) AAOS is Payment Card Industry ( PCI ) compliant ; no credit card numbers are stored on our servers
Profession and job title ; institutional affiliation
Membership in professional organizations
Survey information ( e.g. , How did you hear about AAOS/ AAOS products ? What periodicals does the purchasing decision-maker regularly read ? )
Information regarding the use of Orthopaedic Knowledge Online ( OKO )
For purchases , a record of AAOS examinations , books , CD-ROMs , DVDs , videotapes , audiotapes and patient education materials ordered
AAOS collects certain personal information online from non-orthopaedists who contact the AAOS to participate in research surveys or to obtain particular orthopaedic information .
This information may include :
First and last name
Home or office postal mailing address , including street name and name of city or town
E-mail address ( when provided )
Telephone number ( s )
Information regarding the use of the Orthopaedic Knowledge Online ( OKO )
Personal accounts regarding musculoskeletal care
Information from suppliers of goods and services to AAOS .
If AAOS pays an individual or entity for services or goods rendered , an honorarium or a stipend , AAOS collects at a minimum the following information as required by the Internal Revenue Service W-9 form :
First and last name
Home or office postal mailing address , including street name and name of city or town
AAOS does not knowingly collect information from children under age 13 .
AAOS encrypts sensitive personal data , such as credit card information , while being processed on the Internet .
Credit card information is transmitted securely using SSL encryption .
The AAOS website is not set up to track , collect or distribute personal information about its visitors .
It does recognize the home server of visitors , but not e-mail addresses .
For example , in the non-password protected areas of the AAOS.org web site , AAOS can determine which Internet service provider our visitors use , but not the names , addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites .
Once a member or customer logs into the AAOS.org web site , it is possible to determine which areas of the web site they visited .
How will this Personal Information Be Used
Personal information may be used for internal AAOS purposes by authorized AAOS staff .
Personal information will not be released to third parties except as noted below :
To ensure that the American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery ( ABOS ) has accurate contact information for disseminating Maintenance of Certification ( MOC ) requirements , the AAOS may provide , on an annual basis , the ABOS with a list of all current Active , Inactive and Emeritus Fellows and Members that includes their mailing address and their e-mail address of record .
Upon request , the AAOS may provide the names and postal mailing addresses of its Fellows and Members to orthopaedic specialty societies that are members of the Board of Specialty Societies ( BOS ) but which are not managed by AAOS for use in encouraging participation in Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) programs .
Each mailing is subject to the approval of the AAOS and the organization agrees to use the list only once .
No more than two ( 2 ) mailing lists may be requested in any one calendar year .
Notwithstanding the above , the AAOS shall not provide mailing lists for orthopaedic specialty society programs deemed to be in conflict with or in competition with AAOS programs , as determined solely by AAOS .
Use of this information for recruiting , updating a database , or to compile additional mailing listsfor any purposeis expressly prohibited .
Upon request , the AAOS may provide the names and postal mailing addresses of its Fellows and Members to orthopaedic specialty societies that are managed by the AAOS for recruitment purposes or for use in encouraging participation in Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) programs .
Each mailing list is subject to the approval of the AAOS and the organization agrees to use the list only once .
No more than three ( 3 ) mailing lists may be requested in any one calendar year .
Notwithstanding the above , the AAOS shall not provide mailing lists for orthopaedic specialty society programs deemed to be in conflict with or in competition with AAOS programs , as determined solely by AAOS .
Use of this information for updating a database or to compile additional mailing listsfor any purposeis expressly prohibited .
Upon request , the AAOS may provide the names and postal mailing addresses of its Fellows and Members to state and regional orthopaedic societies for recruitment purposes or for use in encouraging participation in Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) programs .
Each mailing is subject to the approval of the AAOS and the organization agrees to use the list only once .
No more than two ( 2 ) mailing lists may be requested in any one calendar year .
Notwithstanding the above , the AAOS shall not provide mailing lists for state and regional orthopaedic society programs deemed to be in conflict with or in competition with AAOS programs , as determined solely by AAOS .
Use of this information for updating a database or to compile additional mailing listsfor any purposeis expressly prohibited .
Upon request , the AAOS may provide the names and postal mailing addresses of its Fellows and Members to other not-for-profit organizations whose missions are consistent with the mission of the AAOS for use in encouraging participation in CME programs .
Each mailing is subject to the approval of the AAOS and the organization agrees to use the list only once .
Use of this information for updating a database or to compile additional mailing listsfor any purposeis expressly prohibited .
The AAOS makes available the AAOS Membership Directory at no charge on the Internet to AAOS Fellows and Members .
A hard copy version of the AAOS Membership Directory is available for purchase to AAOS Fellows and Members .
This Membership Directory contains the name , postal mailing address , telephone and Fax number , membership status , and year of admittance to the AAOS of Fellows and Members .
Associate Resident Members , Associate Candidate Members , International Affiliate Members , and International Resident Members are not included in the AAOS Membership Directory .
Members of the public , through the AAOS website 's Find an Orthopaedist listing , may obtain limited information about an AAOS Fellow or Member , including only the Fellow or Member 's name , office postal mailing address , telephone and fax number , and practice demographics .
Each member 's status ( e.g. , resident , candidate member , Fellow , etc . ) is also listed .
For Fellows , the year they became Fellows accompanies the listing .
In addition , AAOS Fellows or Members who have a web site may elect to display its link in the Find an Orthopaedist listing .
Use of this information to compile mailing listsfor any purposeis expressly prohibited .
The Private Membership Directory , accessible only to AAOS members , displays the same information as Find an Orthopaedist but also includes E-mail addresses if known .
A member 's home city , state , country , and postal code are also listed if known , but not his street address .
Use of the Private Membership Directory for the use of compiling e-mail distribution listsfor any purposeby an AAOS member or anyone working on his or her behalf , is expressly prohibited .
Annual Meeting registration lists , including the medical registrant 's name , postal mailing address , and phone number , are available for sale to exhibitors in advance of and after the Annual Meeting .
In addition , certain personal information , including the medical registrant 's name , postal mailing address , phone number , hospital affiliation and practice focus , is available at the Annual Meeting to exhibitors through a `` lead retrieval system '' mechanism .
CME course registration lists , including the attendee 's name and postal mailing address , are available at no charge to companies providing educational displays and/or providing equipment ( for skills courses ) after an AAOS CME course .
AAOS may provide the names , postal mailing addresses , and telephone and Fax numbers of AAOS Fellows and Members to third party organizations with whom the AAOS has contracted to provide courses , goods or services .
The National Provider Identifier ( NPI ) number may be given to exhibitors who are required to report to the government payments they have provided to health care providers , including orthopaedic surgeons .
At the current time , we are aware of no other circumstances under which AAOS will provide personal information collected online to third parties .
AAOS does not provide AAOS membership contact information to third parties for survey distribution purposes .
Further , AAOS does not distribute surveys to its membership in behalf of third parties .
Can the Personal Information Be Viewed and/or Corrected
The AAOS encourages its Fellows and Members as well as its Customers to update and correct their personal information regularly online .
How Long Will the Personal Information Be Retained
The AAOS retains personal information regarding AAOS Fellows and Members indefinitely .
AAOS retains customer data for at least five years and as dictated by business and legal requirements .
Permission to Disseminate the Personal Information/Opt Out of Its Being Disseminated
There is currently no mechanism for orthopaedic surgeons , including AAOS Fellows and Members , to opt-out of dissemination to third parties of the personal information described in this policy .
It is possible for orthopaedic surgeons to opt out of all AAOS web site functions .
Members can via the web site separately unsubscribe to Headline News Now and Advocacy Now .
Members can also opt out of the paper version of the Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons ( JAAOS ) by contacting Customer Service .
AAOS generally does not disseminate personal information obtained from non-orthopaedic surgeons to third parties .
This policy has been in effect since June , 2000 , and was most recently revised in April 2013 .
It will continue in effect until further notice from AAOS .
Modifications to this policy shall be posted as the Privacy Policy linked to the AAOS homepage .

from : AARP , Last Updated January 2014
TextPrintBookmarkEmail1x25_gradient_gray Recommend ( 370 )
AARP is committed to protecting your privacy and to making sure that you understand how your information is used .
AARP believes that only informed members and other website users can make informed decisions about their privacy .
Please read this privacy policy carefully .
It explains how we collect and share your personal information , and gives you options to limit how we share your information and communicate with you .
Nuts and Bolts of Our Privacy Policy
Why We Collect Your Information
Information We Collect From You
Information Collected by Third Parties
With Whom We Share Your Information
How We Keep Your Information Secure
How You Can Keep More of Your Information Private
Accessing the Information We Collect From You
Visiting Our Website From Outside the United States
Children 's Privacy Rights
Conditions of Use and Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
Nuts and Bolts of Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information we collect about you when you join AARP , visit our website , or participate in AARP events and offerings .
This policy also explains how your personal information , including your name , email address and other contact information , may be shared ; how you can prevent the sharing of your personal information ; and how your personal information is protected from unauthorized use .
Why We Collect Your Information
We collect information from you in order to :
Deliver the information , programs , products or services you have requested from us
Provide you with customer support
Communicate with you by email , postal mail , telephone , and/or mobile devices about information , programs , products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or Service Providers , Licensed Providers or Corporate Affiliates
Evaluate the effectiveness of AARP benefits and offerings
Display advertising tailored to your interests or background
Perform data and statistical analysis
Enforce our terms and conditions , and perform any other functions otherwise described to you at the time you provide your information
Information We Collect From You
When you join AARP , we collect basic information such as your name , contact information , preferences and date of birth .
We collect information about your participation in AARP activities , including member services and discounts obtained by using your membership card .
AARP also collects information on our website .
We collect both information that identifies you as a particular individual ( personally identifiable information ) and anonymous information that is not associated with a specific individual ( nonpersonally identifiable information ) .
When you visit our website , some information may be collected automatically as part of the site 's operation .
We also collect information we receive from you during online registration and when you complete other forms .
In the following sections , we explain in more detail the types of information we collect online .
Information we collect automatically on our website .
AARP may collect certain information automatically ( either directly , through the use of cookies and Web beacons or through the use of third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our websites and provide other administrative services to us ) .
This information includes :
Your browser type and language , and operating system
Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area
The times that you visit our website
Information about areas of our website you visited
The sites you visited immediately before and after visiting our website
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within our website
Unique identifiers when using a mobile device , including mobile device identification numbers
Information that can identify the physical location of your mobile device in accordance with applicable law and industry guidelines and best practices .
We will seek your permission before we identify the physical location of your device and before we engage in any continuous tracking of your device 's location .
Information collected through cookies , Web beacons and other technologies
A cookie is a piece of information a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website that allows the site to recognize your computer each time you visit .
You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences . )
It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies .
However , if you do not accept cookies from us , your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited , such as our tools and other online features .
Web beacons ( sometimes called transparent GIFs , clear GIFs or Web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a way for us to deliver a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a Web page or in an email .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies , the time and date a page is viewed , and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed .
Information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded
Upon request for assistance , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer
Standard server log information
Information you provide directly to AARP through our website.You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit our website .
However , in order to help us better serve you , we may ask you for information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact us through our website , including :
Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , fax number and mobile number
User name , password , and password-reminder questions and answers
Age and date of birth
Other demographic information , such as gender , employment information and ZIP code
Information for a public profile , such as your interests , your profile photo , personal updates and descriptive information that you provide , and the address of your Facebook page , LinkedIn profile , Twitter , Pinterest or your website
Communications preferences , such as which emails and newsletters you would like to receive
Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service
Correspondence you send to us
Information collected about you offline ( including via fax , mail and in person )
Other information that may help us to provide customized content or advertising
Information we obtain from other sources .
We may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices and third-party services ) , from Service Providers , Licensed Providers and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :
Name , postal address and telephone number
Demographic data , such as age , gender and income level
If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook Connect ) through our website , your username and password for those services and other information available about you on those services
Your interests and purchase behavior
Publicly observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos and other online postings
Other navigation data , such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , and it may be used to help us tailor our communications to you and may be shared with third parties consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected by Third Parties
We may allow third-party analytics companies , research companies or ad networks to collect nonpersonally identifiable information on our website .
These companies may use tracking technologies , including cookies and Web beacons , to collect information about users of our site in order to analyze , report on or customize advertising on our site or on other sites .
For information about how to opt-out of the customization of advertising from many ad networks , you can visit here .
We may provide links or automatically redirect you to third-party websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement presented on our site , you may be taken to a website that AARP does not operate or control .
You should review the privacy policies and terms of use of all third-party websites you access .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information from you .
On occasion , those third-party websites may provide us with information about your use of those sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES .
With Whom We Share Your Information
AARP is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information we collect about you .
AARP May Share Your Information With :
Service Providers are third parties with whom we may work to offer a service or feature , such as LinkedIn .
You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Service Provider because the Service Provider 's name will be featured prominently .
You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Service Provider .
In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Service Provider , or we may share your information with the Service Provider .
Please note that the Service Provider 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information .
Licensed providers are third parties who make available special AARP-branded discounts , products or services .
Some of the licensed providers of AARP-branded products and services , including many of those listed on the Member Benefits page on AARP.org , pay a fee for access to our membership list .
These fees are used for the general purposes of AARP .
Licensed providers are required to keep AARP member information confidential , and to use the information only to offer the contracted products or services to AARP and AARP members .
Some of our licensed providers may also collect data about our members through their interactions with the members .
The licensed providers may share some or all of this data with AARP so that we may make available more effective and personalized service to our members .
We may share information including personally identifiable information collected with Licensed Providers , even if you are not an AARP member .
We may share information including your personally identifiable information with wholly or majority owned affiliates or other affiliated organizations , such as AARP Foundation , AARP 's charitable affiliate , so they can provide you with information about services and programs that might interest you .
We may share your information including your personally identifiable information with companies we hire to provide certain administrative services such as processing address labels , managing databases and sending mailings .
Selected Nonprofit Organizations .
We may occasionally engage in list exchanges with selected nonprofit organizations in which we may share your information including your personally identifiable information .
We may share aggregate statistics and other nonpersonally identifiable information with the media , government agencies , advertisers and other third parties .
These aggregate statistics will not allow anyone to identify your name or other personally identifiable information .
AARP May Share Your Information With Other Third Parties :
Pursuant to Legal Requirements .
AARP will disclose your personally identifiable information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement agency or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
To Protect Our Website and Users .
We will disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our employees , our website users or others ; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
In Connection With Business Transfers .
We may share your personally identifiable information as required by law , such as in response to a subpoena or court order or in the unlikely event of a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of AARP or our affiliates , a merger , consolidation , asset sale or bankruptcy .
How We Keep Your Information Secure
AARP uses commercially reasonable physical , procedural and technological security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of the information we collect about you .
For example , only authorized employees and authorized third parties are permitted to access personally identifiable information , and they may do so only for lawful purposes .
When we share aggregate data with third parties we prohibit them from reengineering nonpersonal data to permit identification of individual users .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information .
However , no website or Internet network can be completely secure .
Although we take steps to secure your information , we do not guarantee , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches or other communications will always remain secure .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
How You Can Keep More of Your Information Private
You have options for limiting who can see your information :
If you choose to share contact information with us , you will have the opportunity to update or delete that information or to shut down your account by clicking on Update My Profile .
You may request that we not share personally identifiable information about you with Licensed Providers , Corporate Affiliates and Selected Nonprofits at any time , by clicking here .
It may take up to 12 weeks to complete this process .
Note that we may still share your information with Other Third Parties when necessary ( see section 5 of this Privacy Policy ) .
You may request to stop receiving communications from us by clicking here .
Please note that if you opt out of receiving communications from us , you may continue to receive material from Service Providers , and/or other parties to whom we provided your information before processing your request to opt-out of communications .
You will need to directly contact those third parties in order to opt out of receiving such communications .
You also may opt out of receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of those third-party emails .
Do Not Track : AARP is in favor of the development of a Do Not Track standard that gives consumers control over the collection and use of Web-browsing information .
When such a standard is finalized , AARP intends to respond to Do Not Track browser settings accordingly .
For information about how to opt out of the customization of advertising by many ad networks that collect and use nonpersonal information on AARP websites , you can visit here .
You may also opt out of communications or information sharing by :
Calling us at 1-888-OUR-AARP ( 1-888-687-2277 )
Writing us at AARP Membership Center , 3200 E. Carson St. , Lakewood , CA 90712
Accessing Information We Collect From You
If you would like to review and/or request changes to the personally identifiable information that we have collected about you , please contact us by :
Calling us at 1-888-OUR-AARP ( 1-888-687-2277 )
Writing us at AARP Membership Center , 3200 E. Carson St. , Lakewood , CA 90712
If you ask us to delete your information , it may take up to 12 weeks to complete this process .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations .
For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you .
Visiting Our Website From Outside the United States
AARP is headquartered in the United States .
Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of our website may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to United States law .
The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
By using our website or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage and processing of information to and in the United States .
Children 's Privacy Rights
Our website is not intended for use by children under age 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 .
Conditions of Use and Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
By joining AARP , taking advantage of certain member benefits , participating in AARP activities or visiting our website , you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
AARP 's policies , content , information , disclosures , disclaimers and features may be revised , modified , updated and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of AARP .
If this Privacy Policy is revised the new policy will be posted on our website and we will revise the last updated date at the top of this policy .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use and/or share personal information that may impact you , we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided to us ( unless we do not have an email address for you ) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website .
If you have questions , comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , please :
Call us at 888-OUR-AARP ( 888-687-2277 )
Write to us at AARP Membership Center , 3200 E. Carson St. , Lakewood , CA 90712

More About Info .
Our StoryWrite for About.comAdvertising Info.For EducatorsWork at AboutSite MapHelp
User AgreementEthics PolicyPatent InformationPrivacy Policy
Updated December 16 , 2013
We take your privacy seriously .
Please take a moment to read this privacy policy , which discloses the privacy practices of the About , Inc .
( `` About '' or `` we '' ) websites , including About.com , About.net , AllExperts.com , CalorieCount.com , and Netplaces.com , as well as our downloadable software applications for supported devices , including mobile devices ( collectively , the `` Services '' or `` Websites '' ) .
Specifically , the policy outlines the types of information that may be gathered when you register for or use the Services , and the ways in which that information may be used .
The Types of Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
To enable you to enjoy certain features of our Services , we collect certain types of information , including personally identifiable information .
For example , we collect information when you :
Sign up to receive email newsletters .
When we send newsletters to subscribers we may allow advertisers or partners to include messages in those newsletters , or we may send dedicated newsletters on behalf of those advertisers or partners .
To unsubscribe from a particular newsletter , click the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of that email newsletter .
When you register to use forums or other Services , we ask you to provide certain information , which may include your email address , home address , birth year , gender , health conditions , credit card number and zip code , as well as a password for your account .
Engage in public activities on the Services .
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on the Services that are designed to be visible to other users and the public at large , including comments , forums , recommendations , reader reviews , ratings or any other items that you submit .
Any information you disclose in your public activities , along with your screen name or ID , or any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by us for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media .
Information you submit is not private or confidential , nor is it protected by attorney-client , doctor-patient , or any other privilege and ( regardless of restrictions we impose in our User Agreement or other policies ) it might be read , collected and used by others , including through third party search engines which may index the information you post .
You therefore should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there might be read , collected , or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages , mine your data , communicate with or market to you in other ways .
We are not responsible for safeguarding the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and About.com has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities .
For more information , see the About.com User Agreement .
Provide Us Your Credit Card and Billing Information .
To enable payment for certain Services , we or a service or payment provider acting on our behalf may collect and store billing and credit card information .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers .
We may sponsor contests , sweepstakes , or promote special offers on the Service or on third party websites .
If you elect to participate , we may require personal information from you , including , in most cases , your first and last name and e-mail address .
When you do so , you agree that we may retain and use the information you provide us ( including through third party sites ) as permitted in this Privacy Policy .
Data collected directly by other participating companies is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect Using Technology
We may collect information about the browser , computer , mobile phone , smartphone or other device you use to access the Services to measure the effectiveness of those Services .
Cookies and Similar Technology .
As further explained below , we may use cookies , pixel trackers , server logs , and other Internet technology for purposes such as measuring the effectiveness of the Services and any advertising campaigns , as well as to target meaningful content and ads .
Sometimes , we may facilitate the use by third party platforms of these anonymous cookies , or similar technology , to help those third parties better target ads to you based on other websites you may have visited .
To learn more about how third parties may collect and use information online , and how you can exercise opt-out choices regarding that information , see the below Section titled `` Information Collected by Third-Parties and Your Ad Choices . ''
We log Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , or the location of your computer on the Internet , for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Services ( websites and mobile applications ) , and may also use it to infer your location , as also discussed in the below section titled `` Geolocation Data . ''
For certain mobile applications we offer , we may ( or may enable a third party , including an advertiser to ) request your geolocation information in order to provide you with ads , offers , search or other functionality .
If you agree to such collection , we ( or the third party ) may maintain information regarding your precise geolocation including over time and may use it to help enable that functionality , or other functionality we describe to you in connection with the mobile application or website .
In addition , we may ( or may enable a third party , such as an advertiser to ) capture geo-location information ( such as based on IP address data ) when you access our Services , and may use that geo-location information to targets ads or offers to you .
We may use third parties to provide us information , reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of the Services .
These reports contain aggregated or anonymous data only , and do not identify individual users to About.com .
We may also automatically log certain information about your use of the Services .
This information includes a reading history of the pages you view and a record of the sites from which you clicked on a link to visit ours .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies
Like many websites , and web and mobile services , we may use ( or work with third party partners who use ) a variety of technologies to learn more about how people interact with our Services .
This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work .
Cookies are small files that websites and other online services use to store information about users on the users ' own computers .
Cookies can be used to store sign-in credentials so that you do n't have to enter them each time you return to a website , or to store other information to make web viewing more customized or efficient upon future visits .
Cookies also may store a unique identifier tied to your computer so that web services and advertising networks can recognize you across visits to different websites .
You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse all or certain cookies completely .
We ( or our partners ) may use or support cookies for purposes including the following :
To collect information about your browsing activities in order to deliver customized or relevant services , advertising or content to you , when you browse our Website or other websites ;
To relate the information collected by cookies to information we obtain from you directly or from commercially available sources ;
To work with third parties that serve advertisements ( through our Services or across the Internet ) or provide other services to us , such as providing users the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , or tracking website usage statistics .
We do not control these third party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of the third parties using such technologies .
To learn more about how third parties may collect and use information online , and how you can exercise opt-out choices regarding that information , see the below Section titled `` Information Collected by Third-Parties and Your Ad Choices . ''
Other Local Storage .
We ( or our partners ) may use other kinds of local storage , such as Local Shared Objects ( also referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) and HTML5 local storage , in connection with the Services .
These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computer and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences .
However , these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies .
Your browser may allow you to disable its HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in its HTML5 local storage .
For information about deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects or adjusting related preferences , please click here .
We ( or our partners ) may use technologies called web beacons that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server .
Web beacons can be embedded in web pages , videos , or emails , and can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser , check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message , and determine , among other things , the time and date on which you viewed the web beacon , the IP address of your computer , and the URL of the web page from which the web beacon was viewed .
These web beacons may be used for a variety of purposes , including to analyze the use of the Services and in conjunction with cookies to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you .
How We May Use and Share the Information We Collect
Providing the Services You Request
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the Services , fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , polls , contests , and message boards .
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations , in accordance with applicable laws .
In addition , if you request that we send your information to a third party service , such as for earning rewards points or other benefits , we may do so and use of that information by the third party is subject to their privacy policy .
We use the information , including analytics and statistical information , to analyze the use of the Services so that we may improve them .
We also use this information to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our user base .
We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent .
We may also use this information to customize certain features of the Services to provide you with an enhanced experience based on information such as the type of device you are using to access the Services , your activities on the services , or your location or geo-location .
We may also use this information to provide you with services you have requested .
We may contract with other companies that provide services to us , including credit-card and billing processors , survey administrators , technical or customer support , shipping , e-mail distribution , email service providers , data enhancement and information or analytics providers , list processing and promotions management .
Sometimes , we may provide to these service providers aggregate or anonymized information about how users interact with our Services ( or other information provided to us by users ) , which may help them enhance their own products , data or analytics .
About , Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of IAC and an operating company of Ask.com .
We share information we collect with our affiliates ( entities that are under common ownership or control ) to better understand our users ( their demographics , what they do on our Websites , what Website features they like , how they use them , etc . ) and to improve the content and answers delivered on the Services and on affiliate services , such as Ask.com 's services .
Communication with Guides , Experts and other Contributors to the Services
The Services feature content provided by people who are independent contractors and not employees of About , including content provided by contributors including those we call `` Experts '' or `` Guides . ''
If you contact an Expert or Guide ( or other contributor ) directly by email through the Services ( including via an about.com or aboutguide.com email domain ) or otherwise then that communication is independent of the Services , and thus not subject to this Privacy Policy .
Although About contractually requires its Expert and Guide contributors to maintain information from About users in confidence , About can not and does not guarantee that they will do so , and is not responsible for what our contributors may say , or how they may use information you have freely provided to them .
Likewise , your communications with a contributor are not private or confidential , nor are such communications protected by attorney-client , doctor-patient , or any other privilege .
For more information see our Ethics Policy and User Agreement .
Information Collected by Third-Parties and Your Ad Choices
Third parties may collect information about you through the Services , including through use of the technologies described above .
We may not have access to , nor control over , these third parties ' data collection practices and we do not assume any liability related to their collection or use .
These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Websites .
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information , including personal information , about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services .
They may use this information to provide you with interest-based ( behavioral ) advertising or other targeted content .
For instance , like many other websites and applications , in addition to our own systems , we may use DoubleClick , DoubleClick Mobile , Google , Google AdMob , nRelate ( which is an affiliate of About , Inc. ) , PubMatic , 24/7 Connect and other third-party Ad Servers , analytics platforms and data management platforms to serve and display Advertisements , or to collect information about you and your use of the Services for other analytics purposes .
They may use cookies , pixel trackers , web beacons or other internet or mobile technology to collect non-personal and/or anonymous information about your use of the Services ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) and precise geolocation and user device identification ( if you have provided your consent for such collection ) during and about your visits to this site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
In certain cases , you have options and choices about the collection and use of information by third parties on our Websites :
In addition to the above , we have implemented on our Services certain `` Google Analytics '' features that support Display Advertising , including re-targeting .
Visitors to our Websites may opt out of Google Analytics , customize the Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ad Preferences Manager and learn more about how Google serves ads by viewing its Customer Ads Help Center .
If you do not wish to participate in Google Analytics , you may also download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on .
We may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a transfer or all or part of our business or assets ( e.g. , a sale , merger , dissolution , liquidation or reorganization ) or are taking steps in anticipation of such a transaction ( e.g. , participating in due diligence ) .
Do Not Track Browser Disclosure
Do Not Track ( `` DNT '' ) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers .
DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services .
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Websites for third party purposes , and that is why we provide the NAI `` Consumer Opt-out '' link and the DAA opt-out link above .
However , we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals , as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means , what it means to comply with DNT , and a common approach to responding to DNT .
Information from Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If we determine that a user is under 13 , we will delete all personally identifiable information collected from that user .
Information from Users Outside of the United States
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States , your data will be transferred to and stored in our servers in the U.S. By using our Services , you consent to our collection and use of your data as described in this privacy policy , and acknowledge that data protection laws in the U.S. may be different or less restrictive than in some other countries .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California `` Shine The Light '' law , California residents may opt-out of the disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes ( as those concepts are defined in that law ) However , we do not currently engage in the type of sharing covered by that law .
Compliance With Legal Process
We may disclose personal information ( 1 ) if we believe such sharing is appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) to protect and defend our rights , services or property ; ( 3 ) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Services ; or ( 4 ) to protect the safety or property of our users or any member of the public ( among other things , this means that if we believe you have provided false information or attempted to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions ) .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please visit us at :
Or you can contact us by mail at :
About , Inc .
1500 Broadway , 6th Floor
New York , NY 10036

Nothing is more important to the owners and staff of AboveTopSecret.com , ATSnews.com , media.AboveTopSecret.com , BelowTopSecret.com , AbovePolitics.com , AboveNetwork.com and any other website ( s ) owned and operated by The Above Network , LLC ( collectively the `` Websites '' ) than making every effort to protect the privacy , of all members .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Websites .
On some pages , you can specify personal profiles that may be viewable by other registered members of the Website .
However , at no time do we collect your personal information such as name , address , or phone number , and we only require a functioning e-mail address for membership .
At no time do we attempt to reconcile any information you provide ( including your IP address as indicated below ) with offline identity or other personal information .
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provided about yourself at registration to authorize your access when you post messages on our discussion forum .
We also record the IP address you 're using at the time of each posted messages .
We use the e-mail address you provided to confirm your discussion board password and to notify you of any violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( hereinafter `` DMCA '' ) by one or more of your posts .
Your address is not used for any additional purpose other than registration for the Website and/or email newsletter and will never be shared with outside parties and is not viewable by unregistered members .
To receive newsletters and administrative emails ( other than DMCA notifications ) , you must first respond in the affirmative to the opt-in notification email you will receive soon after joining the site or subscribing to the email newsletter service .
If you do not opt-in , you will receive no newsletters or promotional emails .
You may opt-out of the emails at any time by clicking the opt-out link in each email , replying to the email with the subject line `` unsubscribe . ''
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form , but we would never disclose anything that could be used to identify any specific individuals .
The non-identifying aggregate information is not stored on any server owned by the Websites as we do not collect or store any log files of activity on our websites .
Instead , we employ the Google Analytics software ( which does set a cookie ) to obtain traffic analysis data .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above .
Your profile information is protected from web-spiders that search for e-mail addresses and other personal information .
We reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable information associated with your account and/or posting history as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on The Above Network , LLC .
Voluntary Input Of Personally Identifiable Information
If you use a the bulletin boards ( forums ) , blogs , private messaging , or chat room on the Websites , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and services , and may , at our discretion , remove any personally identifiable information you submit that appears in public view .
From time to time data cookies will be set by various portions of the application code that runs the forums , features , games , and other specialty items running on our web servers .
At no time is any personally identifying information ( other than site username ) ever stored in these cookies .
The cookies are used to provide our application with page-to-page awareness of your user status and/or access privileges .
Most of these cookies expire within days , but some may expire in moths or years .
Third Party Data Cookies
Advertising networks that serve advertising on the Websites may write their own cookies for the purposes of determining advertising frequency and relevance , and to match ads against your interests based on aggregate non-personally identifiable information learned about your Internet browsing .
We have performed reasonable diligence on all advertising networks authorized to serve ads on our websites to ensure that their data cookies are for this purpose and nothing more .
Many of the providers serving display ads on the Websites provide users with the ability to opt-out of these third-party cookies .
Below is a non-exhaustive list of the networks which may , from time to time , deliver ads to our users ( many may only occasionally deliver ads ) .
For more information about these and other companies , and your options for restricting the use of your data , visit
At no time will your personal profile information , posting history , or any other activity specific to your time on our websites be used for the purposes of targeted messages from advertisers or marketers purchasing ads or other marketing products on these websites .
Affiliate Relationships and Service Providers
Certain partner websites ( such as Cafepress.com and DisInfo.com ) may provide additional content , features , and even shopping cart services for products carrying the Websites identity and/or content .
While the URL subdirectory or subdomain for partner sites such as these may contain `` abovetopsecret , '' you must be aware that these are separate companies with privacy policies that may be different from ours .
At no time is your personal information from the Websites provided to such sites , and we do not collect data from them that correlates to your member account on the Websites .
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Our Commitment To The Privacy Of Children
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
Our Commitment Communication Privacy
Members are provided with a private messaging system as part of their account privileges .
Every reasonable effort is made to ensure the private messaging system is maintained in a secure fashion so as to ensure the privacy of any and all messages sent between members .
Staff and/or owners will not observe the content or flow of any private messaging unless explicit reports of violations of the Terms and Conditions of Use or the Terms and Conditions of Membership are received .
The private messages may be subject to run-time content filtering ( such as vulgarities ) that is used to filter the content of thread posts .
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your profile information that we collect online and maintain by the Websites .
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information .
Use the `` Member Center '' link in the top of the discussion board menu-bar .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
Our Commitment To Accuracy
From time to time , members may post controversial material for which demands of proof or other evidentiary corroboration may be requested .
At such time as this becomes required , your privacy , and that of your source , will be guaranteed by the ownership of the Websites via a legally binding non-disclosure agreement ( NDA ) .
At no time will you ever be required to reveal information to any one on staff , and any cooperation is purely voluntary and limited to one of the site principals : Bill Irvine , Mark Allin , or Simon Gray .
Changes To This Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page .
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please send us an email using our Contact Form .
Written queries may be sent to :
The Above Network , LLC
Scottsdale , AZ 85254 .

GLOBAL HOTEL GUEST PRIVACY POLICY
Consent to this hotel Guest Privacy Policy
Accor S.A. 7 Privacy Principles
What Personal Information ?
When is my Personal Information collected ?
What are the purposes ?
Sharing of your personal Information
As one of our valued guest ( hereinafter You ) , it is always a pleasure to welcome You to one of our hotels .
Our first priority is to offer You exceptional stays and experiences around the world .
Your full satisfaction and faith in Accor S.A. is essential to us .
We recognize that privacy is part of Your expectations as a guest .
Therefore , we have designed and implemented thisHotel Guest Privacy Policy . which describes how Accor S.A. uses Your Personal Information on the basis of Accor S.A. 's 7 Privacy Principles ( hereinafter Accor S.A. 7 Privacy Principles ) which constitute core principles for Accor S.A. and which therefore apply throughout the Accor Group ( Accor S.A. and its subsidiaries ) worldwide .
CONSENT TO THIS HOTEL GUEST PRIVACY POLICY
You should read this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy carefully before providing us with any of Your Personal Information ( hereinafter referred to as PI ) , i.e . any information collected and recorded in any format that identifies You personally , whether directly ( e.g . name ) or indirectly ( e.g . phone number ) .
This Hotel Guest Privacy Policy is part of Accor S.A. 's terms and conditions governing our hotel services .
By accepting said terms and conditions , You expressly consent to this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy .
Accor S.A. may use Your PI for marketing purposes .
If required by applicable law , You will be requested to give Your prior express consent to receive such marketing materials
ACCOR S.A. 7 PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
The following constitute Accor S.A. 7 Privacy Principles , which apply throughout the Accor Group worldwide .
Transparency : when collecting and processing Your PI , we will provide You with relevant information and notice , for what purposes and who are the recipients .
Legitimacy : we will collect and process Your PI only for the purposes which are mentioned to You in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy .
Relevance & Accuracy : we will only collect PI which is necessary for the purposes of the data processing as set out in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy .
We will take all reasonable measures to ensure You that the PI that we have stored is accurate and up to date .
Storage : we will keep Your PI for the period necessary for the purposes of the data processing as set out in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy and in accordance with local law requirements .
Access , Rectification and Objection : : we offer You ways to access , modify , correct or delete Your PI .
You also have the opportunity to object to the processing of Your PI for marketing purposes .
Please see contact details below .
Confidentiality & Security : we will implement reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect Your PI against accidental or unlawful alteration or loss , or from unauthorized use , disclosure or access
Sharing & International Transfer : we may share Your PI within the Accor Group or with third parties ( such as commercial partners and service providers ) for the purposes described in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy .
We will take appropriate measures to secure such sharing and transfer .
If You have any questions about these Accor S.A. 7 Privacy Principles , please contact Accor S.A .
Data Privacy Contact as described in section 13 of this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy .
This Hotel Guest Privacy Policy is applicable to :
Any data processing implemented by Accor S.A. owned and managed hotels , i.e . hotels which are part of the Accor Group , including managed hotels , e.g . hotels operating under the following brands Sofitel , Pullman , Novotel , Suite Novotel , Grand Mercure , Mercure , MGallery , ibis , ibis Styles , ibis budget , Hotel F1 .
This list is regularly updated .
Although this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy does not apply to franchised hotels , Accor S.A. will use reasonable efforts to promote and request that the Accor S.A. 7 Privacy Principles be implemented by the said franchisees and that the said franchisees comply with all applicable laws in processing Your PI .
As an Accor S.A. 's guest , You may be asked , at various times , to provide PI about Yourself and Your family members , such as :
Contact information , e.g . name , telephone numbers , e-mail addresses , postal addresses , etc ;
Other personal details : date of birth ; nationality ,
Children Information : name , birth date and age ;
Credit card details ( only in transactional related system )
Membership card numbers of any Accor S.A. loyalty program or any membership number of frequent flyer or any of Accor S.A. 's partners You are registered with ;
Your dates of arrival and departure/visit from our hotels ;
Your preferences and interests , e.g . smoking or non-smoking room , preferred location of Your room ( low floor , high floor , etc . ) , type of bed , preferred newspaper , sports and cultural interests ;
Any questions/comments You may have during or after Your stay in one of our hotels .
We do not knowingly collect PI from children under the age of 18 , except name , date of birth and nationality as provided directly by an adult on their behalf or with adult 's permission .
Please make sure that Your children do not provide us with any PI without Your permission , e.g . online .
If You believe Your child has submitted PI to us , please contact us so that we can delete such PI .
Generally , we do not knowingly collect sensitive information such as racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership , health or sex life details .
In addition , depending on the applicable law , other data than those listed above may also be considered as sensitive data : credit card number , leisure habits , personal activities and hobbies , cultural habits , smoker/ non-smoker status , etc .
However , we may need to collect such data which may be considered as sensitive , to satisfy Your request or provide You with specific services such as specific diet or any disability access facilities .
In such case , if required by applicable law , we will ask You to expressly consent that we collect and process such sensitive information .
WHEN IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
PI may be collected in certain circumstances including without limitation as follows :
Hospitality activities such as :
Booking of an hotel room ;
Check in and check out ;
Consumption during a stay in an hotel as tracked through room charges ;
Claims , requests and/or disputes .
Participation in marketing programs :
Registering with Accor S.A. 's loyalty programs ;
Contribution to guests surveys and/or comments ( e.g . Guest Satisfaction Survey , Contact us ; Guests comments ; Satisfait ou invit ) ;
Subscription to newsletters , to receive e-mail offers or promotions .
Provision of information by third party service providers :
Tour operators , travel agencies , GDS reservation systems , others , ...
Connection to any Accor S.A. websites ( IP address , session cookies ) ;
Fill in of an online collection form ( e.g . online bookings , questionnaire , etc . ) .
WHAT ARE THE PURPOSES
We use Your PI for the following purposes :
To manage Your reservation and booking :
To book and reserve Accor S.A. hotel rooms and requested accommodation ;
To establish and maintain business records and comply with accounting requirements ;
For back office processing ; including managing a list of undesirable guests , further to a non-payment , or to improper behaviour , etc .
To manage Your stay at the hotel :
To track consumption ( telephone , bar , Internet , pay TV ) ;
To access rooms .
To improve our hospitality services , including :
To process Your PI in Accor S.A. 's Clients Relationship Management ( CRM ) program ;
To better understand Your needs and requests ;
To tailor our products and services to better suit Your desires .
To send You newsletters , promotions and marketing material about tourism , hospitality or services , hotel promotions , or Accor S.A. partners or contact you by telephone .
You can choose to unsubscribe from our Email Newsletters service by clicking the dedicated link in our email newsletters .
To improve our Accor S.A. services , including :
To conduct surveys and analyze guests ' questionnaires and comments and activity patterns
To manage guests ' complaints .
To let you benefit from our loyalty program
To secure and improve Your use of Accor S.A. Internet websites , including :
To improve website navigation and ;
To implement security and fraud prevention means .
To comply with local regulations ( e.g . retention of business or accounting documents ) .
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
As a global company , we strive to offer You the same level of service and hospitality all around the world .
To this end , subject to Your rights set forth in section 13 below , we may have to share Your PI with internal or external recipients in the following ways :
The Accor Group : we may share Your PI with any Accor S.A. entity authorized individuals who need to access Your PI to provide You with the requested services or in the context of an action as a consequence of You providing such PI :
Reservation Staff using Accor S.A. reservation tools ;
Information Technology , commercial partnership and marketing departments ;
Medical services , if any ;
Legal Department , if necessary ; and
Any relevant individuals of the Accor Group entities for specific categories of data .
External service providers and partners : we may share Your PI with third parties for providing You with the requested services and improving Your stay with us :
Third party service providers : IT subcontractors , international call centers , banks , credit card providers ; outside counsels , mailing service providers , printing companies ;
Local authorities internal investigations : we may also share information with local authorities if required by local law or as part of internal investigations within the Accor Group in compliance with local regulations .
We may transfer for the purposes set forth in Article 7 of this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy Your PI to recipients , internal or external , which may be located in countries with different levels of PI protection .
Therefore , in addition to the implementation of the present Hotel Guest Privacy Policy , Accor S.A. implements , , appropriate measures , including contractual clauses , to secure transfer of Your PI to any Accor S.A. entity or external recipient located in a country with a level of protection different from the one existing in the country in which the PI is collected .
Accor S.A. takes appropriate technical and organisational measures , in accordance with local law requirements , to protect Your PI against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , unauthorized disclosure or access .
To this end , we have implemented technical measures such as firewalls and organisational measures such as a login/efficient password system , physical protection , etc .
You may have to enter Your credit card details to complete Your reservations ; in such event , Accor S.A. uses Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt such PI .
When you visit the Accor Group 's websites , some browsing-related information on your device ( computer , Smartphone , tablet etc . ) is likely to be recorded in files called `` cookies '' and stored on your device .
What are the different types of cookies ?
There are several categories of cookies :
Strictly necessary cookies : these cookies are essential in order to browse some websites and use all of their features ( the user 's operating system support , display etc . ) .
Without these cookies , features such as the display will not have optimum functionality .
Note : these cookies collect purely technical data and do not identify you personally .
Performance cookies : these cookies help us improve a user 's experience by helping us understand how they use our websites ( most frequently visited pages , applications used etc . ) .
These cookies do not identify you individually .
Functionality cookies : in order to make browsing easier , these cookies store certain user preferences ( language , username , country etc . ) .
Targeting/advertising cookies : these cookies enable a user to receive targeted advertisements based on their interests , but they also limit the number of times that the advertisements appear .
Affiliate cookies : these cookies enable third parties ( `` affiliates '' ) that publish marketing campaigns on their websites to be paid on behalf of the `` web merchant '' .
Cookies from social networks : these third-party Cookies let you communicate the content of our site to others , as well as your opinion in relation to our site .
This is the case with the `` Share '' and `` Like '' buttons on `` Facebook , '' `` Twitter , '' `` LinkedIn , '' `` Viadeo , '' etc .
Social networks which offer these application buttons can identify you by these buttons , even if you did not click on one of them when you visited our site .
Indeed , some Cookies allow the social network concerned to follow your navigation on our site whenever your social network account is activated on your device when at the same time , you are on our site .
We have no control over the procedures social networks use to collect information about your navigation on our site .
Please read these social networks privacy policies regarding personal data .
These should allow you to exercise certain privacy options with these social networks , in particular by adjusting your user accounts for each of these networks .
Why does Accor S.A. use cookies ?
Cookies help us to improve the quality of your browsing experience when visiting the Accor Group 's websites .
This technical process primarily allows us to :
adapt the layout of our websites to suit your device 's display preferences ( language , display resolution , operating system used etc . )
store some of the information that you fill in on our online forms to help us personalize your subsequent visits to our websites
enable you to access your personal pages more quickly by storing the log-in details or information that you have previously entered
These relate mainly to the number of times you visit our websites and your use of the different services that we provide ( sections and content viewed , links ) , with the aim of improving their relevance and usability
put security measures in place ( for example asking you to reconnect to a page or service after a certain amount of time has elapsed )
offer you , through advertisements , personalized content that is likely to be of interest to you ( better offers , other destinations etc . ) .
Important : Advertisements or links to third-party websites may be included on our websites .
Your personal details may be collected by third parties when you click on these links .
This Charter does not cover visits to third-party websites .
The Accor Group can not be held responsible for the policy of third-parties regarding personal details and the use thereof .
How can you manage your cookies ( enable , limit , block ) ?
Configuring your Internet browser ( Internet ExplorerTM , FirefoxTM , SafariTM , Google ChromeTM , OperaTMetc . ) is a free and effective way of managing cookies .
You can then decide :
to enable the use of all cookies integrated in the pages and content that you consult .
Note : on the one hand , these cookies will only be readable by their issuers .
On the other hand , this process is not definitive , and it will always be possible for you to disable these cookies afterwards , ( cookie management will vary depending on your Internet browser ; please refer to the relevant instructions )
to block the use of cookies on your device .
In this case , we would advise you that ease of navigation will be affected .
Some functions require the use of cookies ( for example , it is possible that your operating system will not be recognized or that the language displayed will not be the expected language ) .
Consequently , we will accept no responsibility for any inconvenience caused by the possible malfunction of our services due to the necessary cookies being unavailable
to be asked by your browser to either agree or disagree before the installation of a new cookie on your device
to accept or reject the cookies depending on the issuer
The way cookies are managed will depend on your browser .
Here , you will find all information relating to usage instructions :
`` Flash '' cookies in `` Adobe Flash Player '' TM
`` Adobe Flash Player '' TM is an application which enables the rapid development of dynamic content using `` Flash '' programming language .
Flash ( and applications of the same type ) stores the settings , preferences and usage of this content using technology similar to cookies .
However , `` Adobe Flash Player '' TM manages this information and your preferences through an interface that is different to the one provided by your browser software .
We will store Your PI only for the time necessary for the purposes stated in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy , or as permitted by the applicable law .
You have the right to access , modify or delete Your PI .
You can also object to the processing of Your PI as described in this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy provided that You have legitimate reasons .
However , please note that if You object , we may in certain circumstances be unable to provide You with the service requested .
If You wish to exercise Your rights on Your PI held by a specific hotel , then You must contact the hotel directly .
To object to the processing of Your PI for marketing purposes or if You encounter any problem when exercising Your rights , You can contact the dedicated Data Privacy Contact of the Accor Group :
Data Privacy Dpt .
110 Avenue de France
75210 Paris Cedex 13 , France
In the interests of protecting the privacy of all the Accor Group 's guests , we will need to identify You properly prior to responding to Your request .
To this end , we may request a copy of a valid identification paper such as a current driver 's licence , identity card or passport .
If Your PI is not accurate , complete or up to date , please provide the Accor S.A. Dpt .
Data Privacy with Your request for correction .
Any requests for correction will be dealt with as soon as practicable or in compliance with applicable law .
We may amend this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy from time to time as indicated below .
Therefore , we invite You to read this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy regularly and in any event when making a reservation in one of our Hotels .
This Hotel Guest Privacy Policy was last updated on .
If You have any questions about this Hotel Guest Privacy Policy or how Accor S.A. processes Your PI in general , please contact us at Data Privacy Dpt . as mentioned in section 13 above .

Your use of the AccuWeather sites indicates your consent and acknowledgement to the practices described in this Privacy Statement .
We want you to know that AccuWeather is committed to safeguarding your privacy online .
As AccuWeather expands its offerings and as technology evolves , we may , from time to time , update our privacy practices to address these .
Please check this page on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Statement .
THE ACCUWEATHER SITES , AND THE PRODUCTS , SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE SITES , MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR USE BY CHILDREN .
What We Collect About You
We collect information on the AccuWeather Sites during the registration process and through your use of the AccuWeather Sites for business purposes that will allow us to better and more efficiently serve you .
Our personalization , interactive communications , online commerce and other types of services , allow us to deliver better service and content that is relevant to our user base .
Some uses AccuWeather makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions , billing , and providing you with up-to-date information on the newest AccuWeather products .
Third parties , providers , advertisers and vendors ( hereinafter `` Providers '' ) may be utilized by AccuWeather in conjunction with the operation of the AccuWeather Sites and the products , services , and advertising related to them .
These Providers may also collect information .
-You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you or allows AccuWeather and/or its Providers to contact you .
Generally this information is requested when you are asked to register for fee-based services , although some free products and services may also request or require registration .
You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , address , and email address ( collectively 'Personally Identifiable Information ' or 'PII ' ) , as well as select a username and password ( if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather ) .
You may be asked for information which is no considered PII , such as a zip/postal code and/or country of origin .
As a registered subscriber or user , you may be able to download software , enter contests , order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services .
In addition to the PII obtained at registration , you may be asked for information at other times , such as when you make a purchase or register for a service on or through the AccuWeather Sites , when you submit a listing for a web site , or when you report a problem with one of our sites or services .
However , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others .
In addition to the information that you may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose , your mere use of the AccuWeather Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow AccuWeather and its Providers and others who assist AccuWeather in the support of the AccuWeather Sites and the products and services offered on the AccuWeather Sites , including advertisers , to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on the AccuWeather sites .
This type of information is considered User Data ( as defined below ) .
By using the AccuWeather Sites , you acknowledge and consent to such activity .
To provide location-based services , AccuWeather and its partners and licensees utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect , use , and/or share precise location data ( such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device ) or information that can be used to approximate a location ( such as a cell ID ) , including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device .
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by AccuWeather and its partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services .
By accepting AccuWeather 's Privacy Statement and/or by using AccuWeather 's products and/or services , you consent to use by AccuWeather and its Providers , partners and licensees of such geographic tracking technologies .
-If you contact AccuWeather we may keep a record of that correspondence , and may further prompt you for further information , depending on the nature of the contact .
We may also occasionally ask that you voluntarily participate in certain promotions , surveys or contests ( 'Special Programs ' ) , or enable automatic entry into such Special Programs via log-on entries .
At such times , AccuWeather may disclose your PII to sponsors of the Special Program , and we may or may not describe this to you prior to transferring the data .
Special Programs may also be subject to additional or different terms , or may be shared or used in a slightly different way .
If different terms do apply , details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the AccuWeather Sites or upon registration for the Special Program , on a case-by-case basis , subject to AccuWeather 's terms For Sharing PII .
-To the extent unique information , which is not in itself PII , such as personal profile , anonymous identifier ( s ) , demographic information , behavioral information , browser identifiers , session information , device type , carrier provider , unique device ID , UUID/UDID , carrier user ID , web sites visited , IP address and traffic data , is associated with PII , then such unique information shall NOT be considered PII , but shall be considered User Data .
Additionally , PII does NOT include information that is collected anonymously ( i.e . without identification of the individual user ) or demographic or behavioral information that is not connected to or correlated with an identified individual .
Why We Want to Know
It 's important for us to know our users .
We deliver valuable products and services , We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers , such as advertisers , to produce the income we need to operate the free areas of the AccuWeather Sites .
Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the AccuWeather Sites .
They may want to know how many people will see their ad , and how often .
The advertising companies may use information ( including or not including PII ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These companies may also employ , among other things , Cookies , Web Beacons , Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to AccuWeather .
Vendors and Third Party Providers
To make the AccuWeather Sites more valuable to our customers and our visitors , we may offer some products , services or features in conjunction with Providers .
Many wireless products , for example , may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products , information or services that work well with AccuWeather Sites , products and services .
In some instances , our Providers may have the same access to your PII as we do .
Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies or statements , which you may find on their websites .
-We use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , including Microsoft .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
You may also go to the sites and policies of our Providers to find out more about technologies utilized by them in the course of providing services to the AccuWeather Sites .
Links to Provider Sites
Occasionally , you may seek access to certain products and/or services on the AccuWeather Sites that are only available through third parties , either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the AccuWeather Sties .
When ordering , registering for or purchasing products or services from these Providers , you may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider , and not with AccuWeather , and supplemental Provider Terms may apply .
You should read and understand the Providers ' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them , since they may differ substantially from this Privacy Statement and other applicable AccuWeather terms and conditions .
AccuWeather is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the contents or use of the Provider sites , products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site .
You should contact our Providers directly should you have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of our Providers ' web sites .
We may provide information and contact information about our Providers in this policy or on the AccuWeather Sites , but we take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate .
The information is provided for convenience only , but it is your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities .
The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising , data collection and use practices ( OBA ) .
This means that certain information regarding your internet viewing behaviors or practices , over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the AccuWeather Sites , may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to you .
This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for such `` opt-out '' provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising , to which AccuWeather endeavors to adhere to , as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau .
Some or all of the AccuWeather Sites make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting .
The AccuWeather Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features , including Remarketing , Google Display Network Impression Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration .
We are required by Google to disclose the following information to you in our Privacy Statement in connection with our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the AccuWeather Sites :
You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings page .
You may also prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
If the AccuWeather Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature , AccuWeather will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors , including Google , may show AccuWeather ads on sites across the Internet .
AccuWeather and third party vendors , including Google , may use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookies ) and third party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to ( a ) inform , optimize and serve ads based on a user 's past visits to the AccuWeather Sites , and/or ( b ) report how your ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the AccuWeather Sites .
Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by AccuWeather to help recognize and understand user preferences , to make improvements to the AccuWeather Sites , to choose content and advertising to display to you , and for other business purposes that will allow AccuWeather to better serve you .
The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance .
Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymous traffic data ( e.g . how many people come to the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , how often , etc . ) .
Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by us or by third parties who perform services for us .
Please check the Help menu in your Internet browser for information regarding how to manage your cookie preferences ( or if you are using a mobile device , check the Settings for your browser or device ) .
Some examples of where cookie preferences may be found and managed in your Internet browser ( as of the version date of this document ) are as follows : Settings/Show advanced settings/Privacy/Content settings ' ( Google Chrome 25 PC ) ; Tools/Options/Privacy ' ( Mozilla Firefox 15 PC ) ; Safari/Preferences/Privacy ' ( Safari Mac ) ; 'Tools/Internet Options/Privacy/Advanced ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 PC ) ; or 'Edit/Preferences/Receiving Files/Cookies ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 Mac ) .
Generally speaking , you may modify browser preferences to accept all cookies , be notified when a cookie is set , or to reject all cookies .
If you choose to reject all cookies , you may be unable to use many of AccuWeather 's products and services .
Some sections of the AccuWeather Sites may require that you log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through our network , because we do not want cookies to replace security measures that you would otherwise take for yourself , your PII and your data .
Some of these services include certain software applications and fee-based services , and some Internet activities that require more than an IP Address to continue .
Web beacons may also be found on the AccuWeather Sites Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our subscribers or users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings .
For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses , please click here .
Flash Shared Objects/HTML5 Local Storage/HTML5 Mini Databases
The AccuWeather Sites may utilize Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the AccuWeather Sites .
Many hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices .
Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on the mobile devices and , in effect , allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements .
The Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website .
AccuWeather and its providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the AccuWeather Sites .
Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the AccuWeather Sites , the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL provides strong encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet .
While on a secure page , such as on order forms , the lock button on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to unlocked or open when you are just surfing or in other areas of the Site .
To learn more about SSL , click here .
Age / Use by Minor
AccuWeather does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our websites .
Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifiable information , ask questions or participate in chat rooms related to our websites .
If we are notified that a child under 18 has provided personal information , we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible .
Password Security Access to certain portions of the AccuWeather Sites are password-protected so that you and only you will have access to the Site as a subscriber
It may be necessary for AccuWeather , its employees , contractors or Providers working on behalf of AccuWeather to access the Site using your subscriber information to provide you with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks .
This access happens on an as-needed basis only .
When you access or install a new product or service , you may be asked to register electronically .
Your registration information will be merged with any information you have already provided ( 'Profile ' ) .
If you have not previously registered within the AccuWeather Sites , a Profile may be created for you from your product registration information .
If you have not already registered by giving us your PII , you will be asked to do so to ensure that only you can access the product or services .
Upon satisfactory completion of your registration information , AccuWeather authorizes users to access and use the AccuWeather Sites and its products and services subject to the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website ( or if different , the AccuWeather terms and conditions applicable to the particular product or service you are using ) and this Privacy Statement .
User shall maintain the confidentiality of any user name and password .
TERMS FOR SHARING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
-In special circumstances , AccuWeather may opt to access or disclose PII when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website , this Privacy Statement , any applicable End User License Agreement , Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms , or when there is reason to believe an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) AccuWeather 's rights or property , other AccuWeather Site users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
AccuWeather may then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith in circumstances where the law requires it , and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain , service , and improve the AccuWeather Sites and our products and services .
AccuWeather may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena .
-From time to time , we may share data regarding the users of the AccuWeather Sites and the use of our services ( for example , 10 % of our users are within a certain specialty industry , or users who choose one type of service request a related or similar service 38 % of the time , etc . ) , and we may also combine a user 's use and purchasing habits through the AccuWeather Sites and our providers ' sites to create a personalized user profile so we can tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings ( hereinafter 'User Data ' ) .
There may also be other instances where AccuWeather has determined that sharing User Data with third parties would maximize AccuWeather 's ability to better serve users .
Should this occur , no PII will be included in these types of statistics .
-Since we use Providers to ship products or perform customized products and/or services offered or accessed through the AccuWeather Sites or our Providers ' sites , and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services , we may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions .
Users may also require that we bill for services via invoicing , purchase order , or through Providers , such as mobile/wireless carriers or internet storefronts .
Under these circumstances , we may be required to share the user 's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user .
We may request that these Providers do not retain , share , store or use PII for any secondary purposes .
-AccuWeather is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products , services , and other related products and services as a service to our users .
As such , User Data is also considered , a 'customer list ' , and as such , is a valuable asset to any company subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as a property interest .
Accordingly , User Data will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws .
Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties , and to routinely share such information with affiliates of AccuWeather .
-Excepting PII collected during the purchasing or registration process , User Data may be used by AccuWeather or Providers to , among other things , retrieve or create the product or service that you have requested or for such business purposes as AccuWeather and/or its providers may determine in their sole discretion , without resort to a reasonableness standard .
Please be advised that this User Data may be stored by AccuWeather or its Providers as 'preferences ' or otherwise and used without restriction .
Further , all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of AccuWeather and by submitting material to AccuWeather , you accept responsibility for its accuracy , appropriateness and legality .
Other than as set out above , you may receive notice when PII might go to third parties , and within such notice you may find the information about your opportunity to choose not to share the PII .
Your concerns should be detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact you , in case further information is required to troubleshoot your concerns .
Be certain the words 'AccuWeather Privacy Statement ' are included in the Subject line .
Further resolution of your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the AccuWeather Sites .
Version date : October 17th , 2013

acs.org recognizes that users may have concerns about privacy issues as they navigate the Internet .
ACS is committed to providing users with a safe , secure environment in which to secure information .
We recommend visiting the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about general privacy issues .
acs.org will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the information you provide remains private , and is used only for the purposes stated below .
Please review the Terms of Use for the definition of acs.org 's relationship to its users .
We collect information about the users of our site .
This information helps us determine which parts of the site visitors find most valuable as well as how we can continually improve the services we provide .
User identities remain anonymous unless the User provides this information as a part of registration .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Website .
Users may use acs.org without registering but registration must occur in order to use any of the personalization services .
Our site 's registration form requires specific contact information : name , e-mail address , etc. , or to conduct e-commerce ( eg. , register for short courses and meetings , make purchases from our online store ) .
The contact information is used to contact users when necessary .
Unique identifiers ( such as IDs and passwords ) are collected to verify the visitor 's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system .
Links to Other Sites
acs.org may contain links to third-party Websites .
These links are provided solely as a convenience to users and not as an endorsement by ACS of the contents on such third-party Websites .
ACS is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Websites .
Links to third-party Websites are performed at your own risk .
ACS does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness , accuracy , or reliability of communications posted by users or endorse any opinions expressed by users .
User acknowledges that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at the User 's risk .
acs.org communicates with its users by e-mail for specific Web-related functions , such password reminders .
Because these messages are critical to site use , users will not be able to opt-out of receiving such messages .
Users who register with acs.org have the option of receiving occasional e-mails from us about new features and similar messages that we feel may be of interest .
Users may opt-in to receive these messages .
The following options are available to opt-out of receiving these messages if Users have previously opted-in :
Edit User 's registration profile
Send mail to acs.org , 1155 16th Street NW , Washington , DC 20036
At acs.org , we use a feature on your Internet browser called a `` cookie '' .
A cookie is a small file that your Web browser places on your computer 's hard drive to identify you as a user .
acs.org does not use cookies to collect any personal information about users , nor do we sell or make them available to other organizations .
You may disable the cookie function on your browser or erase the contents in your cookies file .
To do this , consult the help features on your browser .
However , please bear in mind that doing this prevents the Website from recognizing you as a previous user of this Website and may prevent you from using some features on the site .
You must have cookies enabled to create an acs.org account .
Your account containing your information is password protected and should never be shared with anyone .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Please visit our page on security for more detailed information
acs.org meets the guidelines of TRUSTe 's Children 's program .
acs.org encourages visitors to submit feedback .
Any feedback that is submitted becomes the property of acs.org and we may use this feedback for marketing purposes , or to contact visitors for more information .
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted here so that visitors will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
If , at any time , you have questions or concerns about acs.org 's privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Website , contact us at :
1155 16th Street NW
Washington , DC 20036

The Active Network , Inc. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries ( collectively , ACTIVE , us , we or our ) value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information .
ACTIVE is a leading provider of Activity and Participant Management solutions .
Our flagship technology platform , ACTIVEWorks , transforms the way organizers manage their activities and events by automating online registrations and streamlining other critical management functions , while also driving consumer participation to their events .
Our websites include online communities for people who want to discover , participate in , and share activities about which they are passionate .
Using our services , you 'll be able to learn about upcoming events , and , in some circumstances , to register for those events and tell your friends about the events .
Our services may also be used by organizations to provide you the ability to take certain actions .
For example , we may create or host websites and mobile applications on the behalf of others that allow you to , among other things , register for a class or conference , make campsite reservations , purchase hunting or fishing licenses , or pay a parking ticket .
We also offer mobile applications that provide information about events in your area , permit you to register for races , make camping reservations , book tee times , create and download training programs , and enjoy many of the benefits of our websites , in addition to other services ( collectively , Applications ) .
In general , our Applications operate on an open network ; that means that any information that you post to these Applications may be available to other users of the same application , and , in some instances , on our websites .
In this Privacy Policy ( Policy ) , we describe the information that we collect from visitors to and users of our websites ( Sites ) , our blogs , our Applications , and our online products and services ( collectively , Services ) .
ACTIVE has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Web Privacy , COPPA , and TRUSTed Cloud program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe Privacy Seal covers only information that is collected through the following ACTIVE websites : Active.com , Activeglobal.com , Thriva.com , Trainer.active.com , eTeamz.com , Activegiving.com , Campregister.com , Fellowshipone.com , Regonline.com , Starcite.com and Reserveamerica.com .
The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through the Applications or mobile devices .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY
The information we collect from you allows you to log into our Sites ; use our Services and Applications ; and register for and/or set up registration for you or your organization 's own customers for events , contests , camps , licenses , classes , tickets , facility/equipment use , transactions , sales , memberships , reservations , donations and/or activities ( collectively , Events ) .
We also collect information from businesses , organizations , and individuals who request information from ACTIVE .
Individuals and agents of individuals may provide us information directly or indirectly by registering for an Event or by otherwise using our Services ( these individuals are referred to as Consumers ) .
For example , you may enter your information in order to register for an Event , or someone who has organized a team may enter your information on your behalf to register your entire team .
In addition , individuals or organizations can use our Services to set up Events for Consumers ( those who use our Services to provide a service to Consumers are referred to as Clients ) .
Relatedly , our Clients ( including agents of our Clients ) may provide us personal information about individuals who have registered for an Event being operated by our Client or who the Client wants us to contact or otherwise provide Services to on behalf of the Client .
Information We Collect Directly From You .
Account Information for our Sites .
You may browse our Sites without creating an online account or providing us with your information , but to use certain features or to register for an Event , you may need to create an account or otherwise provide us with information .
When you create an account with us or register for an Event , we may ask you to provide the following :
Your first and last name ;
Your email address and your desired password ;
Your display name ( this is the name other people will see when you post items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our site ) ;
Your date of birth ;
Your subscription preferences ( whether and what types of information you would like us to send you )
Information about your activities and interests ;
Other profile data , such as contact information , occupation , gender and photo ;
Your physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake or weight lost ) ;
The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ;
Payment information , such as credit card or financial account numbers ( if applicable ) .
Log in Information for our Sites .
Once you have signed up for a particular ACTIVE Site , on subsequent visits to the same Site , you may simply need to enter your user ID or email address ( as applicable ) and password to gain access to the Site ; however , for certain Sites , your login credentials will only gain you access to Events held by the particular Client with whom you originally registered .
In some cases , you may be able to use your log in credentials to access multiple ACTIVE Sites .
Log in and Location Information for our Mobile Applications .
When you first visit any of our Applications , you may have the option of creating a user ID and password for subsequent visits .
When you log into certain of our Applications , we will request your permission to obtain your current location ( so-called geolocation information ) so that we can identify Events near you or to provide other location-related services .
In the settings function on your phone , you will have the ability to manually permit or preclude us from recording your geolocation information for certain Applications or features of Applications , for example , so that we can track your running route , point you to an open ski slope , or help you to find a campground .
Events and Training Information .
As a registered user of our Sites , you may be able to post information about upcoming Events .
We may collect information from you if you choose to register for an Event or record your training activity .
For some Events , you may register directly on our Sites and through our Applications ; for other Events , we may provide a link that directs you to the sponsor or holder of the Event .
The information that we collect about you may vary based on the Event , but generally includes the same type of information that you would include when creating an account with us .
In addition , if the Event is a race or timed event , we may collect information related to tracking your performance ( e.g. , data collected by a race chip ID ) .
If there is a charge to enter the Event , we may collect your credit card billing information , including your credit card number , expiration date , billing and shipping address , and other information necessary to process your payment .
Church Management Systems .
With respect to our church management Services , when you attend a class , give to the church , request assistance , or your children are cared for , we may request additional information about you , however , you can choose not to provide us with such information .
For example , Salvation date , Baptism date , and/or church membership/leadership classes attendance may be requested .
As well , your testimony will be captured if you provide it .
This information will be used solely in ways to understand on how to best meet you and your family 's spiritual needs .
Please see Charitable Events/Fundraising for our policy concerning charitable contributions to the church using Online Giving .
You may create a page on certain of our Sites to collect donations for ( i ) your participation in a charity event ( e.g. , you want to raise money for running in a marathon ) , ( ii ) a particular charity , or ( iii ) for other purposes .
We may collect information from you surrounding the charitable event or your request for donations .
In addition , if you donate to a particular Event/cause , we may collect your name , contact information , and credit card information .
Contests , Surveys and Questionnaires .
When you sign up for sweepstakes or contests , or complete questionnaires or surveys , we collect the information you submit to us .
We use this information to administer the sweepstakes , contest or survey , to analyze the results , for research purposes , to send you other information or offers we think may be of interest to you , to comply with legal requirements , and for other purposes as discussed in this Policy .
Licenses , Reservations , Permits , and Fines .
When you purchase hunting or fishing licenses , camping permits , or submit payment for fines , we may require additional information about you in order to complete your request .
For example , we may need your driver 's license number , social security number , or visa or passport number in order to verify your identity and process your request .
In addition , we might collect public agency reservation information ( e.g. , information about your planned visit to a specific government agency-operated or government agency-administered campground or park , such as dates of stay or number of occupants , other than personal information ) .
This information is used only as necessary in order to help complete your transaction .
Golf Tee Times .
When you purchase or make a golf tee time reservation , you may be required to provide your name , your phone number , and you may be required to provide a credit card number to hold or process your reservation .
Suppliers of Services to Corporate Clients for Meeting Management .
ACTIVE provides access to its Services via Sites to suppliers of services to corporate Clients ( Suppliers ) .
These Suppliers include hotels , convention and visitors bureaus , and destination management companies .
Individuals and companies ( Buyers ) use ACTIVE 's technology via Sites on behalf of corporate Clients to manage meetings , and to purchase services for these meetings and events from Suppliers .
Attendees use the Services when invited by a corporate Client to attend a meeting .
They do so by viewing a Site that contains questions created by the corporate Client .
By responding to these questions , the attendee gives the corporate client information about the attendee and the attendee 's plans for attending that specific meeting .
When a Client submits a request for proposal ( RFP ) to a property or service provider listed through our Services , we will contact the applicable property or service provider and disclose information necessary to submit the RFP , which may contain personal information .
The property or service provider will not have access to the Client 's address book or information collected through the Service .
User Profiles , Comments and Posts .
Some of our Sites and Applications allow users to create or post content , such as comments , profiles , blogs and messages .
If you provide content to our Sites , we may collect and use that information as described in this Policy .
Please note that such information may be viewed , collected or used by other registered users and public visitors to our Sites .
Once posted , we can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy , the law or your personal privacy .
Your profile , however , may offer privacy settings within your account to help you manage how your content is displayed .
Job Site References .
As part of applying for employment with ACTIVE , we may ask you for information such as details regarding your education , employment history , qualifications , and the contact information of a former colleague 's name .
This information is used for job reference purposes only and is not used for any other purpose .
Information We Collect from Facebook .
We may provide you with the opportunity to connect via Facebook , through our Sites or Applications .
For example , you can indicate that you are going to participate in an Event and invite your Facebook friends to join that Event .
If you log into Facebook through our Sites or Applications , we will request permission to ( i ) access your basic information , which includes your name , profile picture , gender , networks , Facebook user ID , list of friends and any other information that you have made public on Facebook ; and ( ii ) manage your participation in Events ( so that ACTIVE may RSVP on your behalf ) .
For information about how Facebook may disclose your information , including any information you make public , please consult the Facebook Data Use Policy .
We have no control over how Facebook uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it .
We store the information that we receive from Facebook along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you .
Information We Collect About You From Third Parties .
We also may collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you from our affiliates and non-affiliated third parties .
For example , if you register for a race by clicking through our Sites , the sponsor of the race may provide us with your name and contact information ; and , when the race is over , we also may obtain your race time .
Information We Collect Automatically .
We may use cookies , web beacons , and other automated devices to collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you when you visit our Sites and receive emails from us .
Specifically , we may collect the following information about your use of our Sites via these technologies : your browser type and operating system ; web pages you view ; links you click ; your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your approximate geographic location ; your interaction with the Sites ; length of time you are logged in to our Sites ; and websites visited before or after our Sites .
In some of our email messages , we use a click-through URL linked to content on the ACTIVE website .
When Customers click one of these URLs , they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our Site .
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications .
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages .
We also collect non-personal data ( including , without limitation , of the type set forth above ) from third parties .
The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect .
This information also may be associated with your username and combined with other information , including personally identifiable information that we collect about you .
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes :
To provide our Services to you , to communicate with you about your use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ;
To provide information that you have requested to receive from us in response to your opt-in requests ;
To provide our Services at the request of our Clients ;
To administer Events ;
To provide and post results of Events ;
To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions ;
For marketing and advertising purposes ; for example , we may use your information to display targeted advertisements to you on our Sites and to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites ;
To send you email , follow-up questions about your Event or your participation in an Event , news and newsletters , promotions , and/or invitations to visit the Site ;
To better understand how users access and use our Sites and Services , both on an aggregated and individualized basis , and for other research purposes .
Clients should note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding Consumers ( including without limitation via an Event registration page ) in accordance with the terms of this Policy , including in the manner set forth above .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , in certain contexts , we collect information on behalf of our Clients subject to contractual requirements that limit our ability to use and transfer your information in ways that are more narrow than those in this Policy ( e.g. , the information be only used as necessary to provide Services to the Client and/or for other specified purposes ) .
In those limited circumstances , your information is subject to those contractual requirements and not to this Policy , subject to enforcement by the applicable Client .
If your information is collected on behalf of a third party , it will be evident at the time that you provide such information .
This Policy does not cover our Clients ' use of your information outside of our Services .
You should contact that party directly to determine if your information is subject to such limitations on uses and to ascertain how the third party will make use of your information .
WHEN AND HOW DOES ACTIVE SHARE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES
We may share your information , including personally identifiable information , with non-affiliated and affiliated third parties .
We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries ; however , if we do so , their use and disclosure of your information will be subject to this Policy .
Event Sponsors or Partners .
If you are using our Services to register for an Event or to purchase a third party product or service , ACTIVE shares the personal information that you provide with the applicable third parties in order to fulfill your request .
You may receive communications , correspondence , emails , or direct mail from these entities ; each such party operates independently from ACTIVE and is not subject to this Policy but is subject to its own privacy policy .
In some instances , we allow Clients to use our email system to contact Consumers for their current and past Events , so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Clients .
Please refer to that party 's privacy policy if you have any questions about its use of your information .
We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors , service providers , contractors , or agents who perform functions on our behalf .
For example , these providers may help us administer our Sites and Applications manage and administer Events , or process credit card payments .
These third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of or information and may be located wherever ACTIVE operates .
Where required by law , these companies agree to only use such information for the purposes for which they have been engaged by us unless you expressly permit them to use your information for other purposes .
Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties .
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to non-affiliated third parties ( with your consent if consent is required by law ) , such as promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Those third parties may use your information for marketing purposes , such as to market products and services that they believe would be of interest to you .
We also may combine the information that we collect about you with other information that we obtain from third parties .
This information may help us to determine what advertisements to direct to you , to place on our website , and where to advertise our Services .
As discussed in the advertising section below , you have the ability to opt out of certain uses of your information .
You also have the ability to opt in to receiving certain information from us and non-affiliated third parties .
Supplemental Service Partners .
By purchasing , making reservations or registering for , products or services offered by third parties as a result of your interaction with the Services or use of the Sites ( such as magazine subscriptions , hotel bookings , or cruises ) , electing to receive communications ( such as emails ) or electing to participate in contests , sweepstakes , or other programs ( such as discount or rewards programs ) , offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site , you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties , and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions .
Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them .
Additionally , you agree that we will have the right to use and disclose all such information submitted by you to such third parties in the same manner in which we have the right to use and disclose all other information submitted by you directly to us .
ACTIVE has integration relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( `` Partners '' ) .
These relationships extend the functionality of the Services and the Partner 's application or service ( `` Integrated Service '' ) by allowing the Services and the Integrated Service to exchange customer data and to establish linked business processes between the two .
Customers who pay ACTIVE for use of the Services and use this Integrated Service are considered customers of both ACTIVE and the Partner .
ACTIVE and the Partner may share customer contact , account , financial and billing information , and business data with respect to their integrated business relationship with the Customer .
The sharing of this information allows ACTIVE and the Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed .
This sharing also allows the Partner to provide consolidated billing services to the shared Customer and allows for the enhanced functionality of the Integrated Service .
Information shared for these purposes is governed by this Policy .
Affiliate and Referral Partners .
ACTIVE has referral relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( `` Referral Partners '' ) who refer their customers to ACTIVE .
ACTIVE and a Referral Partner may share certain information with respect to a customer that is referred by ACTIVE or a Referral Partner to allow ACTIVE and the Referral Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed .
Corporate Clients and Suppliers .
By providing your personal information to ACTIVE for use by a corporate Client or a Supplier ( e.g. , to make reservations with a particular hotel ) you consent to ACTIVE providing a copy of your personal information to that corporate client or Supplier for collection , processing , and any further transfer in accordance with the privacy policy ( if any ) of that corporate client or supplier .
ACTIVE is not responsible for any actions of its corporate Clients or Suppliers .
By making reservations on the Sites for campgrounds or using other services provided by government entities , you consent to us sharing your personal information and public agency reservation information with the government agencies and other third parties associated with the registration or reservation you are making or service you are using ( `` Government Agency Partners '' ) .
Government Agency Partners may use your personal information and public agency reservation information in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You will need to contact those Government Agency Partners who contact you to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information and public agency reservation information by them .
We also may share your information for the following reasons :
If we are acquired by or merged with another company , if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company , or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding , we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company .
You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquiror of ACTIVE will continue to have the right to use your information in accordance with the terms of this Policy .
In Response to Legal Process .
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law , a judicial proceeding , court order or other legal process , such as in response to a subpoena .
To Protect ACTIVE and Others .
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy .
Aggregate and Anonymized Information .
We may share aggregate or anonymized information about Customers with third parties for marketing , advertising , research or similar purposes .
For example , if we display advertisements on behalf of a third party , we may share aggregate , demographic information with that third party about the Customers to whom we displayed the advertisements .
Third Party Applications .
Third party applications , such as the Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , or Google buttons , may be available on our Sites .
The owners or providers of those third party applications may collect personally identifiable information from you .
Their collection of information is bound by their own information collection policies and practices .
Your interactions with third party applications on our Sites may be shared with others within your social network .
We are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by third parties .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Sites and other websites you have visited .
This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
These third party services may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you .
These third party technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
We may provide these third parties with information , including both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information , about your usage of our Sites and our Services .
Third Party Links .
At times , our Sites and Applications may contain links to other third party websites .
Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy , but , instead , is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites , and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites .
HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions , including , where appropriate , password protection , encryption , and secure socket layering to protect our Sites and the information we collect from loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Please be aware that despite our best efforts , no data security measures can guarantee 100 % security all of the time .
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any of your personal information via the Internet .
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password , computer , and web-enabled devices , among other things , by signing off after using a shared computer , inserting a password on your web-enabled device , choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess , keeping your password private , and periodically changing your password .
You should never share your log-in information with others .
We are not responsible for any lost , stolen or compromised passwords , or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity .
CAN I ACCESS AND MODIFY MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personal information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , delete/remove , or ask to have it removed from a public forum or testimonial by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us via one of the methods listed in this Policy .
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
Please note that copies of information that you have updated , modified , or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time .
Also , you may not be able to remove your personal information from archived web pages that we no longer maintain , such as your name and race time from a past Event .
In the event we are unable to complete your access request , we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , are extremely impractical , or for which access is not otherwise required by local law .
If your information has been shared with a third party , as described above , or collected on behalf of a Client , then that third party has received their own copy of your data .
If you have been contacted by one of these third parties , or one of our Clients , and wish to correct or request they delete your information , please contact them directly .
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING MY INFORMATION
ACTIVE may send you emails from time-to-time , for example , to ask you about an Event in which you participated .
When you use our Services , you may have the option of signing up for news and offers from us or other third parties , which may include , information about Events , our newsletter or other items that we ( or third parties ) believe may be of interest to you .
If , at any time , you would like to stop receiving the information that you have requested to receive from us , you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail .
Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests .
If you opt-out of receiving emails or promotions from us , we still may send you e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us , or for other customer services purposes .
In addition , you may still receive emails sent by our Clients through means other than our system .
Further , if you opt out of receiving information related to a particular Event , you will still receive ACTIVE communications and communications from other organizers whose Events you have attended or are registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address .
So you may have to unsubscribe from multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications related to Events for which you registered through our Services .
Note that you can not unsubscribe from update communications about the Services unless you close your account .
If you wish to not have your personal information shared with third parties for the creation and display of targeted advertisements , you will need to close your account .
By electing to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no longer receive any updates on your account or on Events you are registered to attend or have previously attended , including communications regarding refunds .
We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the Services , are not currently registered for an Event , are not currently organizing an Event and will have no need to receive further communications from us or through our system .
Even after you opt out of all communications , we will retain your information in accordance with this Policy , however , we will no longer use it to contact you .
However , our Clients who have received your information in accordance with this Policy may still use that information to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies , but they may not use our system to do so .
CONSENT TO TRANSFER INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES
The Active Network , Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary , StarCite , Inc. each comply with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
The Active Network , Inc. and StarCite , Inc. have certified adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
For disputes that may arise regarding the human resources data of our employees , we have agreed to use TRUSTe as our independent third party dispute resolution partner .
A link to TRUSTe 's dispute resolution mechanism is accessible above .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States .
By using our Sites and Applications , you consent to the transfer and processing of your information in countries which may not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area .
Your consent is voluntary .
If , however , you do not consent , then we may not be able to provide you with our Services .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , if you are registering for an Event with a government entity , we may be restricted by law or contract from transferring your information outside of the particular jurisdiction in which that government entity resides .
Parents have the right to consent to the collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 ( collectively , Children , and individually , a Child ) without also consenting to the disclosure of such information to outside third parties , except in order to provide the Services .
ACTIVE does not share personal information collected from Children with third parties for any purpose other than to provide the Services .
What information do we collect from children under the age of 13 ?
Personal information such as a parent 's email address ;
Username and password ;
Date of birth ;
Display name ( this is the name other people will see when the Child posts items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our Sites ) ;
Information about a Child 's activities and interests ;
Other profile data , such as contact information , gender , and photo ( collected from the parent ) ;
Physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake , or weight lost ) ;
The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ;
How we use the information collected from Children ?
To provide a notice to parents regarding your Child 's interest in registering to use the Sites ;
To obtain verifiable parental consent ;
To provide our Services , to communicate with parents about your Child 's use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ;
To provide information that a parent or Child has requested to receive from us in response to an opt-in request ;
To provide our Services at the request of our Clients
To administer Events ;
To provide results of Events ;
To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions .
Can I access and modify my Child 's personal information ?
How long is my Child 's information retained ?
We will retain the information we collect for as long as your or your Child 's account is active , as needed to provide our Services .
You may close your or your Child 's account by contacting us .
Nonetheless , we may retain your or your Child 's information for an additional period as is permitted or required to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Please note that even if we delete your or your Child 's information , it may persist on backup or archival media and other information systems .
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California residents may request a list of all third parties to which ACTIVE has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes .
You may make one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response .
You may request this information in writing by contacting us at :
Attn : ACTIVE Privacy
The Active Network , Inc .
San Diego , CA 92121
Toll Free : 888-543-7223
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may change this Policy from time to time , so be sure to check back periodically .
If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you , we will endeavor to notify you in advance of such change , by highlighting the change on the Sites or by sending an email to you at the email address that you have registered with us .
Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Policy .
If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from Children under age 13 , we will notify parents by email ( at the address provided to us ) in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the Child 's personal information .
ACTIVE regularly reviews its practices regarding personally identifiable information and this Policy .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns , please contact us at :
Attn : ACTIVE Privacy
The Active Network , Inc .
San Diego , CA 92121
Toll Free : 888-543-7223

This online property uses `` cookies '' .
Cookies enable users to navigate around online properties , such as websites , and also enable us to tailor content , marketing , and improve user experience .
For further details on cookies , including how to disable them , please see the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy .
Please note that without cookies enabled we can not guarantee that this online property and your experience whilst visiting it will work as intended .
By using this online property you agree , and we will assume you consent , to receive cookies unless you manage your cookies opt out choices as set out in the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy .
Welcome ! Below you will find the Activision Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 29 , 2012 .
Your privacy is our policy .
By using this Activision website , mobile or tablet app , or other online property , you confirm you have read and agree to the Privacy Policy set out below , including Activision undertaking the following activities :
Collecting , processing and using demographic information about me such as my age , gender , interests and the IP address I use , to combine it with my personal information and to use it for analytic and marketing purposes ;
Contacting me from time to time by email to ask for my opinion and inviting me to online polls or surveys , linking the information I provide to my personal information and using this information for marketing purposes ;
Using web beacons ( or clear GIFs ) on their Web site or in e-mail messages or placing own and third party cookies on my computer or device or using flash technology where appropriate to tailor the service to my interests and to select ads and products that are more relevant to me ;
Disclosing my personal information to Activision owned subsidiaries and wholly owned group companies ;
Collecting , processing and storing the personal information I provide on servers in the United States or other countries where Activision or its affiliates , subsidiaries , agents or vendors maintain facilities or business operations ; in some countries , the data protection level may be lower than in the European Union , but Activision will take reasonable measures to safeguard my privacy rights under applicable data protection laws .
ACTIVISION ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
As one of the world 's largest providers of interactive entertainment software , Activision is committed to providing the best on-line entertainment in a secure on-line environment .
Activision Publishing , Inc. ( including its wholly owned subsidiaries ) ( `` Activision '' ) respects the privacy rights of our online visitors. , We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect , store , and use the information you provide to us online .
By using this website , application for mobile phone or tablet , or other online product or service provided to you by Activision ( collectively `` website and/or other online property/properties '' ) , you signify your assent to the Activision Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this website or other online property .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy , and please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes .
Your continued use of our website or other online property will signify your acceptance of these changes .
If you do not agree to any of these changes , please do not continue using this website or other online property .
This Privacy Policy shall form part of the terms governing your use of this website or other online property .
This Privacy Policy and the certification seal located to your right confirms that Activision is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's ( `` ESRB '' ) Privacy Online Program : ESRB Privacy Online .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and Activision has been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our site and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB .
Whenever you visit a web site that displays the ESRB Privacy Online certification seal , you can expect to be notified of :
* Whether a company uses cookies , tracks IP Addresses or uses other passive means to collect information ;
* Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information and how will it be used ;
* With whom , if anyone , will your personal information be shared ;
* What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ;
* How you can access and , if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ;
* Whether and how information is collected from children under 13 ;
* How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ; and ,
* Where and how to ask questions or file complaints .
This Privacy Policy currently applies to websites and other online properties operated by Activision that post or link to this Privacy Policy , which includes , without limitation , the following :
Skylanders Cloud Patrol ( available as an app for selected mobile phone and tablet operating systems )
In addition , Activision also owns several other websites and other online properties not listed above , and we may from time to time add new websites and other online properties that may or may not be listed above .
Please note , however , that this Privacy Policy applies only to Activision websites and other online properties posting or linking to this Privacy Policy , but not to websites or other online properties maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link and Activision can not and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed on those third party sites .
In addition , please note that we may solicit third parties to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such third parties will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection law .
Finally , please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the collection , use and disclosure of information obtained online and not to the collection of information obtained offline .
Any collection of information obtained offline will also be in compliance with applicable data protection law .
Activision is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact ESRB at
Attn . : Privacy Online Program
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017
What information does Activision collect
Activision only collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis .
When you submit personal information to Activision , it will usually take the form of : ( 1 ) Web site registration ; ( 2 ) contests and promotions ; ( 3 ) customer service ; ( 4 ) demo downloads ; ( 5 ) purchase of a product or service through our online stores ; ( 6 ) use of a website or other online property ( including Online Services ( as defined below ) ) ; ( 7 ) online submission of your rsum for job openings .
The information we collect may include personal information such as your name , e-mail address , phone number , and home address .
In addition , we may collect demographic information such as your age , gender and interests .
We may also obtain information about you from other sources , as far as such other sources are legally entitled to share such information , and combine that information with information we have collected from you .
* Web Site Registration
Activision may collect personal information from you when registering as a Web site member , including your name , address , e-mail address , and phone number .
We may also collect demographic information such as your gender and birth date , which we may combine with your personal information and use it for marketing purposes .
Once this information is combined it is all considered personal information .
Information collected from those who register on our Web site is used to provide registrants the benefits associated with such registration ( e.g. , subscription to newsletters ; access to the latest game news and contests ; message boards , chat rooms or forums ; and product registration . ) .
From time to time , we may contact you to ask you for your opinion about certain matters in the form of online polls or surveys , including your opinion with respect to our games or other products and services .
Your responses to these polls help us provide products and services of interest to you .
* Contests and Promotions
From time to time , Activision may run contests or promotions on our Web site and collect certain personal information in connection with such event .
The information may include your name , address , e-mail address , phone number , and birth date .
This information will be used only for the purpose of your participation in product-specific contests and promotions as well as informing you of upcoming products and services .
In order to provide you with the best possible customer service , Activision may collect some personal information from you including your name , e-mail address and birth date .
This information will be used only for the purpose of solving your customer support inquiry and will be saved for twelve ( 12 ) months in the event additional customer support requests arise .
* Demo Downloads/Mature-Rated Content
Visitors interested in accessing Mature-rated content or downloading demonstration versions of Activision games with an ESRB rating of `` M '' ( Mature ) or PEGI 18 may need to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date .
Such information will be used only for the purpose of verifying age and will not be stored .
Activision allows for the online submission of rsums .
Personal information collected in association with rsums will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings .
This information may only be shared within the Activision group if you have given your prior consent or if the respective job relates to another company within the Activision group .
Information collected in association with rsums is not subject to the terms of this Online Privacy Statement .
Activision may provide you with a variety of Online Services .
Activision may collect non-personal information from you , such as scores , rankings , game play statistics , game feature usages , and achievements .
We may also collect information stored in your account preferences and online profiles , including , for example , your purchases and friends lists .
Activision may combine non-personal information with personal information in order to tailor advertisements , web pages , game play experiences and Online Services for you .
Further , use of certain features of Online Services , such as messages boards , profiles , and contributing user generAdquisicin de bienes y servicios a travs de nuestra tienda en lneaated content , may involve disclosure of personal information about you by you .
You acknowledge that you have no right or expectation of privacy or confidentiality when using such features of Online Services .
In some instances , we may use a third party gaming service to provide authentication for Online Services , and in such case you may be asked to provide your account information associated with that third party service when signing up for Online Services .
In addition , if registering for Online Services directly from a third-party gaming service , certain membership information there will be transferred automatically to Activision when you register .
What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information
If you do not want to submit personal information that is necessary to provide the service or to fulfill your request , you will not be able to access and/or participate in certain activities .
For example , you will not be able to register on Activision.com or participate in certain contests and promotions or access and/or use other Web site features or Online Services .
In addition , your refusal to submit personal information may limit our ability to respond to your customer support inquiry in a timely fashion .
What are `` Cookies '' and does Activision use cookies , track IP Addresses , or use other passive means to collect information
Activision uses cookies on its websites and other online properties .
A `` cookie '' is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online properties often store on a user 's computer or device in order to anonymously identify it and associate activity with it .
Cookies typically do not include people 's names , or e-mail addresses .
When visiting our websites and other online services you can choose whether or not to let us enable cookies .
We use cookies to optimize your visit , make your browsing experience as effective as possible , and let you know about offers that we think will interest you .
This means that if you refuse , your use of our websites and other online properties may be impaired as a result .
Depending on the Activision website or other online property you are using , and the country you are based in , cookies may be set on your computer or device by either :
Activision - to recognize and associate activity with your computer or device when it visits an Activision website or other online property .
Activision cookies can not be used to recognize or associate activity with your computer or device when it visits other , third party websites or online properties .
Third Parties to enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through Activision 's websites or other online properties ( e.g . advertising and analytics ) .
The third parties that set these cookies can recognize your computer or device both when it visits Activision websites or other online properties in question and also when it visits certain other non-Activision websites or online properties that use the third party 's features and functionality
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features , such as accessing secure areas of a website .
Without these cookies , services you have asked for , like secure login areas , can not be provided .
Performance ( or Analytics ) Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property , for instance which pages visitors go to most often , and if they get error messages from web pages .
These cookies dont collect information that identifies a visitor .
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous .
They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works .
We generally contract with independent research and measurement companies , such as Google Analytics , to provide these services on our behalf and which may also be subject to their own privacy policies .
These cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make ( such as your user name , language or the region you are in ) and provide enhanced , more personal features .
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size , fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize .
They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video .
The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they can not track your browsing activity on other websites .
o These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests .
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign .
They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website or online property operators permission .
They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers .
Quite often advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization .
In certain countries our websites may partner with third party online advertising and analytics companies to tailor and deliver advertisements , products , services , and promotions on our websites and other online properties , as well as advertisements , products , services , and promotions on websites and other online properties which we do not control .
To help select the ads of greatest interest to you , these companies may use cookies , Flash technology , and similar technologies to collect and track non-personal information such as demographic information ( e.g. , gender , occupation , etc . ) , aggregated information , search keywords , geo-location and online data ( for example , clickstream data such as browser type , language , IP address , time/date ) to select advertisements that are more relevant to your interests , to better personalize the experience for you and tailor advertisements .
In some instances , we may allow third-party companies to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide third party advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information .
You can review your options to manage cookies by :
by clicking on the opt out links provided in Appendix 1 at the end of this Privacy Policy
by opening the `` Help '' menu on the browser menu bar .
Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer .
If you reject all cookies , you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other online properties ( including sign in ) .
Permission to Use Cookies
By using our websites and other online properties you agree , and we will assume you consent , to receive cookies through our websites and online properties unless you manage your cookie choices by one of the means set out above .
Please also note that the use of information obtained by third party providers listed in Appendix 1 through cookies placed by them is also subject to their own privacy policies .
If you have a registration account with us , information collected by cookies may be associated with your registration account .
Flash cookies and web beacons
Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows sites to deploy dynamic web content .
Adobe Flash and similar applications use technology to remember settings , preferences , and usage in ways that are similar to browser cookies , but are managed through a different interface than your web browser .
From time to time , we may use web beacons ( or clear GIFs ) on our websites or other online properties or include them in the e-mail messages we send you .
Web beacons ( also known as `` web bugs '' ) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data .
We use web beacons for many purposes , including site traffic reporting , unique visitor counts , advertising and email auditing and reporting , and personalization .
We also keep track of Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet .
Activision may use and share non-personally identifiable ( e.g. , anonymized or aggregated ) information obtained from cookies with third parties such as service providers or advertising partners .
An example of the use of such information would be an anonymous group that we assign to an interest categories or segment such as region , gaming preferences , or a combination .
We may also share non-personally identifiable information obtained from cookies with third parties such as service providers or advertising networks in order to permit them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in selecting and serving advertisements for us or our advertising partners .
If you have signed in to a social networking site , such as Facebook , it may have set a cookie on your device which recognizes you when you view content on our websites and other online properties .
These cookies allow you to share content across social media via the use of sharing settings .
See your social networking sites Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for details .
For additional details , please see the Social Media Note below .
If you would like to find out more about cookies you may find the following link useful :
Who is collecting my personal information and how will it be used
The information you submit to our websites and other online properties is collected and used by Activision Publishing , Inc. , 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard , Santa Monica , CA 90405 , USA .
If you are visitor to our websites or other online properties from a member state of the European Union , then the information you submit is collected and used by Activision Blizzard UK Limited of 3 Roundwood Avenue , Stockley Park , Uxbridge , UB11 1AF , England .
Activison Blizzard UK Limited is registered as data controller with the UK Information Commissioners Office with registration number Z1095341 .
If you have any questions about how Activision Blizzard UK Limited uses and protects your personal information you can contact us in writing at the above address ( Attention : Legal & Business Affairs/Privacy Policy ) or call us on 00 44 203 060 1000 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 00 44 203 060 1000 FREE end_of_the_skype_highlighting .
Activision may disclose personal information to vendors or employ vendors to collect personal information on Activision 's behalf .
These vendors provide internal support to our websites and other online properties by operating some of the services we provide you ( `` vendors '' ) .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , address , e-mail address , and/or other personal information .
Activision does not allow vendors to share such information with any other party unless reasonably necessary to provide the service or use such information for any other purposes , and requires them to adhere to Activision 's Privacy Policy and where applicable data processing agreements concluded between Activision and such vendors .
In addition , if you are a visitor to our websites and other online properties from outside the U.S. , the personal information you provide may be collected , processed and stored directly on servers in the United States or other countries where Activision or our affiliates , subsidiaries , agents or vendors maintain facilities or business operations ; collected , processed and stored on servers in other countries and then transferred to servers in the United States or other countries where Activision or our affiliates , subsidiaries , agents or vendors maintain facilities or business operations .
If you do not agree to the collection , processing , storage and transfer of your information , please do not provide your information when requested and stop using our websites and other online properties .
With whom does Activision share my personal information
Activision does not share or sell your personal information with outside third parties for those third parties to use for their own purposes without your agreement .
Activision discloses personal information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy with :
Vendors as set out above
Other third parties as necessary to complete any transaction through our websites or other online properties and/or provide Online Services you have requested .
Notwithstanding , you agree we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
We may review your gameplay and other account information in order to investigate allegations of cheating , hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information to our legal advisors , consultants and law enforcement or other government officials .
In addition , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Activision 's customer information including personal information may be transferred to our successor or assign .
Please note that any information , including personally identifiable information that you reveal in a bulletin board , message board , chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable .
Can I choose how my personal information is used
You will need your password to access your personal account .
If you do not want Activision to reply to your customer support inquiry , you may opt-out from receiving a response by contacting us by regular mail at : Activision Publishing , Inc. , 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard , Santa Monica , CA 90405 USA , ATTN : Business and Legal Affairs/Privacy Policy .
We will be happy to honor your request .
However , notwithstanding any removals under this paragraph , you acknowledge and agree there may be certain instances where we may elect to notify you about your account itself , such as to inform you that your account may be expiring or provide you with other relevant information about your account .
*Your California Privacy Rights
Since 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
We will be happy to honor your request .
You also can engage with our content on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( or third-party social media plug-ins and applications ) ( `` Social Media '' ) .
When you engage with our content on or through Social Media , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your Social Media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes you make ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain other information from your interaction with our content ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) .
When you provide information from your Social Media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our websites ( and/or applications ) , and ( 3 ) contact you in accordance with your marketing preferences through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
When you post personal information publicly through our websites or other online properties , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Social Media sites and applications will often allow you to control what data you share by changing your privacy settings with that Social Meda site or application .
For more information about how your Social Media sites and applications use and protect your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use .
We partner with certain mobile analytics , advertising , and technology partners , which may include , but not be limited to SWRVE New Media , Flurry , Kochava and others .
Such mobile partners may use a tracking pixel , agent or any other visitor identification technology that collects , uses , shares and stores data about end users and digital ad campaigns promoting our mobile apps , and by choosing to use Activision mobile apps you hereby consent to such activities .
Please see Appendix 1 of this Activision Privacy Policy for details of those partners privacy policies and opt out options .
How do I access my personal information
You will need your password to access your personal account .
In the alternative , you may write to us at Activision Publishing , Inc. , 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard , Santa Monica , CA 90405 USA , ATTN : Business and Legal Affairs/Privacy Policy ( Activision Blizzard UK Limited , 3 Roundwood Avenue , Stockley Park , Uxbridge , UB11 1AF , UK for users from a member state of the European Union ) .
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
Residual copies of information that has been deleted from your account may remain in our backup systems for up to 30 days .
In certain cases , we may still retain your information to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , or comply with legal requirements ; in this case , your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose .
Does Activision collect personal information from children under 13
We do not knowingly collect or store any personally identifiable information such as name , address , or e-mail address from children under 13 .
We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from young children .
We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when on-line .
Children under the age of 17 and over the age of 12 should encourage their parents to review this Privacy Policy and to contact us if they would like to evoke our opt-out policy or to raise any concerns .
From time to time , certain portions of our websites and other online properties may allow all users ( including children under 13 ) to disclose a limited amount of personal information without first telling us their age or getting their parent 's permission .
Such portions of our website operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent .
How do I ask a question or file a complaint
Any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy can be resolved by addressing written inquires to Activision Publishing , Inc. , 3100 Ocean Park Boulevard , Santa Monica , CA 90405 , ATTN : Business and Legal Affairs/Privacy Policy , or by calling Business and Legal Affairs/Privacy Policy , ph . ( 001 ) 310 255 2000 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting ( 001 ) 310 255 2000 FREE end_of_the_skype_highlighting ( Activision Blizzard UK Limited , 3 Roundwood Avenue , Stockley Park , Uxbridge , UB11 1AF , UK ( ph . 00 44 203 060 1000 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 00 44 203 060 1000 FREE end_of_the_skype_highlighting ) for users from a member state of the European Union ) .
Your Activision website or online property may contain the following third party Performance ( or Analytics ) and Advertising cookies .
Please follow the links below for details of the Privacy Policies and Opt Out Choices offered by these third parties .
Please also see the Cookies section in the Activision Privacy Policy for further options available to manage cookies .
Third Party Privacy Policies and Opt Out Choices
Apps for mobile phones and tablets

THE NICKELODEON GROUP PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
LAST UPDATED : 12/26/2013
Welcome ! This Privacy Policy governs the websites , online services , and software made available by the Nickelodeon Group for use on mobile devices , tablets , personal computers and other devices , which includes the websites and online services listed here , including those operated by NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ( collectively , the Nickelodeon Sites and , individually , Site ) .
The Nickelodeon Group is a business unit of Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International , Inc .
By accessing any of the Nickelodeon Sites , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes what information the Nickelodeon Sites collect from users , including children , when they visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; how such information is used and stored ; when such information may be disclosed to third parties ; how users , parents , and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information ; and how information is protected .
Our visitors ' privacy is important to us , and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Nickelodeon Sites permitting such visitors .
Our privacy practices are guided by the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as well as data privacy laws in the United States and other applicable countries .
Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information .
For your convenience , the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy .
Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT .
The Nickelodeon Sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website .
In general , we collect three types of information :
Information that you actively give to us ( for example , during registration , sweepstakes , purchases or content submissions ) ;
Information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices ( such as your IP address , cookie ID , and other unique device identifiers ) ; and
Information we collect from third parties , including through your registered third-party social media providers .
For more detailed information regarding the information we collect , please go here
HOW WE STORE SUCH INFORMATION .
We store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary .
Despite such precautions , there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information .
If you think a third party has accessed your information , please contact us immediately as instructed below .
For more detailed information regarding how we store information , please go here
HOW WE USE SUCH INFORMATION .
In general , the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests ; enable you to take advantage of Nickelodeon Sites features and services ; personalize your experience and the advertising you see ; send you special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon , the Viacom family of companies , and on behalf of third-parties whose products or services might be of interest to you ; measure analytics ; and manage and improve the services available on the Nickelodeon Sites .
For more detailed information regarding how we use such information , please go here
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES .
Depending upon the circumstances , we may share collected information with ( a ) law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others ; ( b ) third parties we hire to handle certain activities ; ( c ) advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content , products or services ; ( d ) business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the Nickelodeon Sites ; ( e ) within the Viacom family of companies ; ( f ) in the event of a corporate transaction ; and ( g ) otherwise with your consent .
For more detailed information regarding our information sharing practices , please go here
WHAT INFORMATION OTHERS MAY COLLECT .
We may use a number of advertising networks , analytics service providers and other such companies to , for example , serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the Nickelodeon Sites .
These companies may use their own unique identifiers , and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours .
These companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
For more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information , please go here
YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION .
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you .
You can stop the delivery of commercial e-mail messages from the Nickelodeon Sites by following the instructions in e-mails you receive .
You may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you .
Parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and/or that no further information be collected .
For more detailed information regarding your control over your information , please go here and here
The Nickelodeon Sites are made available by the Nickelodeon Group .
If you have any questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to childrens personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator , c/o Nickelodeon Online , 1515 Broadway , New York , New York 10036 .
Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 .
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites , including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California
For more detailed information regarding who we are , please go here
I . INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE .
A . Registration Information
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins
Computer Information Collected By Us
D. Computer Information Collected By Others
E. Contests and Sweepstakes
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages
H. Interactive Features and Services
I. Wireless Marketing Services
Other Data Collection and Use
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety
D. Co-Branded Sites And Features
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
G. With Your Consent
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .
V. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES .
A . Reviewing Your Information
C. Termination Of Wireless Services
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites .
However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity .
A . Registration Information : The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests .
If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address .
For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted .
Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook Like or Google +1 buttons .
When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us .
When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information .
In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites .
Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you .
For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here .
For more information on Flux , please go here .
Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them .
Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( `` Computer Information '' ) .
We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as Tracking Technologies ) on the Nickelodeon Sites .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Tokens are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobes Pass service , to a users device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a users cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie .
The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites .
These Tracking Technologies collect click stream data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( Identifier ) .
An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the users mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription .
By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you .
You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Browsing Data ... sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Recent History ... sub-option of the History menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content .
D. Computer Information Collected By Others : The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , Third Party Advertising Service Providers ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( Targeting Services ) .
These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you .
Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect .
You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites .
Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :
You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :
The opt-out tools discussed above are cookie based .
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are browser-specific .
This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device .
It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) .
E. Contests and Sweepstakes : The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes .
To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes .
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner .
For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted .
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages : Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and wish lists of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends .
To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages .
Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent .
In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends .
In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements .
Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries .
G. Electronic Newsletters : Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners .
Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account .
When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian .
We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database .
The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails .
Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child .
See section V ( B ) below .
When a child provides a parent's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system .
H. Interactive Features and Services : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages .
For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records .
We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services .
I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law , appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices .
To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services .
Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material .
The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services .
Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
J. Geolocation Information : We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors .
By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above .
K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below .
Arcades : Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) .
Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number .
After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase .
Consumer Products : Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the `` Shops '' ) .
To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information .
These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites .
This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours .
Virtual Items/Memberships : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games .
When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address .
We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law .
Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below .
Other Data Collection and Use .
We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments .
We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) .
It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date .
We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so .
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below .
In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety .
You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public .
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others .
This email is not to contact us about the status of your account .
B . Agents .
Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services .
We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information .
Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services .
Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices .
The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest .
For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services .
These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies .
If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party .
If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have `` opted-in . ''
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you .
Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies .
For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here
D. Co-Branded Sites and Features
Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) .
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service .
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company .
G. With Your Consent
We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent .
The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S . While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site .
If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law .
Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices .
If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent .
If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information .
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access .
The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions .
We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information .
However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts .
Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements .
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES
A . Reviewing Your Information
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions .
To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access .
Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information .
You can download the form here .
We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
C. Termination of Wireless Services
You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites .
If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child .
Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available .
Some of the various guides are available here :
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies .
These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours .
We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .
In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein .
To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs .
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
Or email us at :
Or call this number :
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California

This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the University of Oxford 's website , and how this information will be used .
These sites may carry their own privacy policy or provide additional information relating to their activities , which will supersede or supplement this Privacy Policy .
For further information about the structure of the University 's web presence , please see About this site .
If you follow a link to any other website , please check their policies before you submit any personal information to those websites .
On some parts of the website , you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services ( e.g . prospectus ordering , registering with a society , applying for a vacancy etc ) .
The University may store this information manually or electronically .
By supplying this information you are consenting to the University holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided .
Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose .
We may also collect information about your computer , including where available your IP address , operating system and browser type , for system administration and to report aggregate information to our webmasters .
This is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer .
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to the University by you will only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested .
Personal information will not be sold to third parties , or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission .
Personal information collected and/or processed by the University is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the University 's website .
Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users .
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers .
However , we do work with third party contractors , some of whom host and operate certain features of the website .
Accordingly , information that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) .
That information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors .
By submitting personal information , you agree to this transfer , storing and processing .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights , property or safety of the University , its members or others .
How we use `` cookies
Most of our web pages use `` cookies '' .
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree .
These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website , which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website .
Please refer to individual web pages for further information about the use of cookies on other web pages on the ox.ac.uk domain .
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you .
For further information about this right and how to exercise it , please see the University 's Policy on Data Protection .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and , where appropriate , notified to you by email .

Last updated : December 20 , 2013
What 's Updated ? We explained that we may use certain information collected from customers to better understand why our customers use ( or stop using ) Adobe applications .
We also clarified when changes or updates to the Privacy Center become effective .
Finally , we updated the description of the privacy programs in which Adobe participates .
The Adobe Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe 's websites , products , online services , and apps .
What does this privacy policy cover ?
What information does Adobe collect about me ?
How does Adobe use the information it collects about me ?
What information is collected when companies use online services hosted by Adobe ?
What are cookies and how does Adobe use them ?
Does Adobe share my personal information ?
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe 's websites or applications ?
Is my personal information secure ?
Where does Adobe store my personal information ?
How can I review or update my personal information or close my Adobe ID account ?
Will Adobe market to me ?
Does Adobe participate in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor program ?
Will this privacy policy change ?
Who can I contact with questions or concerns ?
What does this privacy policy cover
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe 's websites , as well as our products , online services , and apps that include a link to this policy ( we refer to our products , online services , and apps as `` applications '' ) .
This privacy policy also applies to Adobe 's marketing and advertising practices .
Companies acquired by Adobe may operate under their own privacy policies ( learn more ) .
We also provide additional privacy-related information for certain Adobe websites and applications .
Please also see the Adobe Terms of Use and any additional Terms of Use or Product License Agreements that may apply to the website or application you are using .
What information does Adobe collect about me
Adobe ID , registration and customer support
When you register to use an Adobe website or application , create an Adobe ID , or contact us for support or other offerings , Adobe collects information that identifies you .
This may include your name , company name , email address , or payment information .
We may also sometimes collect other information that does not identify you , such as your job title or industry .
Some of this information is required and other information is optional ( more information about what specific Adobe websites and applications collect ) .
For student and teacher editions of our applications , information regarding your eligibility is required .
To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences , we may combine information from you with information from public sources and our trusted partners , in accordance with applicable law .
For example , from these sources , we may learn the company size and industry of our business customers .
Adobe websites and applications
We collect information about how you use our websites and applications , including when you use a desktop product feature that takes you online ( such as a photo syncing feature ) .
We may collect information that your browser or device typically sends to our servers whenever you visit an Adobe website , or when an Adobe desktop product feature takes you online .
For example , your browser or device may tell us your IP address ( which may tell us generally where you are located ) and the type of browser and device you used .
When you visit an Adobe website , your browser may also tell us information such as the page that led you to our website and , if applicable , the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website .
Adobe may collect information about how you use our websites and applications by using cookies and similar technologies , and our servers may collect similar information when you are logged in to the website or application .
Depending on the website or application , this information may be anonymous ( for example , see the Adobe Product Improvement Program ) or it may be associated with you .
Learn more about the information that specific Adobe websites or applications may collect .
Learn about your privacy choices regarding how we use this information .
Adobe product activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Adobe product , we collect certain information about your device , the Adobe product , and your product serial number ( learn more ) .
Some of our products include features that connect to our servers and offer you the ability to install updates to the product .
We may keep track of information such as whether the update was successful or not .
Emails we send you may include a web beacon that tells Adobe whether you have received or opened the email , or clicked a link within the email .
If you do not want us to collect this information from Adobe marketing emails , you can opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails .
Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways , including displaying Adobe ads to you across the Internet on websites and in apps .
We collect information about which ads are displayed , which ads are clicked on , and on which web page the ad was displayed .
Learn more about Adobe 's advertising practices .
Buttons , tools , and content from other companies
Adobe websites and applications may include buttons , tools , or content that link to other companies ' services ( for example , a Facebook `` Like '' button ) .
We may collect information about your use of these features .
In addition , when you see or interact with these buttons , tools , or content , or view an Adobe web page containing them , some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company .
Please read that company 's privacy policy for more information .
Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services
Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites ( for example , the Adobe Photoshop team 's Facebook page ) .
You may also be able to sign in to an Adobe website or application using a social networking account , such as a Facebook account .
We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages or use these sign-on features .
Learn more about Adobe 's social networking practices .
How does Adobe use the information it collects about me
Adobe uses the information we collect about you in a number of ways , such as :
Providing you with the Adobe websites and applications for which you have registered , as well as any services , support , or information you have requested
Better understanding how our websites and applications are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users
Diagnosing problems in our websites and applications
Tailoring a website , application , or Adobe marketing to your likely interests
Sending you business messages such as those related to payments or expiration of your subscription
Sending you information about Adobe , new application releases , special offers , and similar information ( learn more )
Conducting market research about our customers , their interests , and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns
Reducing fraud , software piracy , and protecting our customers as well as Adobe
As further described for a specific Adobe website or application
Learn about your privacy choices regarding how we use your information .
What information is collected when companies use online services hosted by Adobe
Adobe offers hosted services to many companies .
This means that data is gathered and stored on our computers for use by other companies .
In these situations , your relationship is typically only with that company ( learn more about privacy topics for these hosted services ) .
What are cookies and how does Adobe use them
Like most websites and applications , we use cookies and similar technologies to make our websites and applications work , as well as to learn more about our users and their likely interests ( learn more ) .
Adobe websites may also use cookies and similar technologies from other companies that allow us to improve the effectiveness of our hosted services .
Learn more about these Adobe hosted services , which help our customers provide their audiences with relevant content and advertising .
Choose your preferences for interest-based ads
Does Adobe share my personal information
Adobe works with companies that help us run our business .
These companies provide services such as delivering customer support , processing credit card payments , and sending emails on our behalf .
In some cases , these companies have access to some of your personal information in order to provide services to you on our behalf .
They are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes .
Adobe may also share your personal information :
When you agreed to the sharing .
Within the Adobe family of companies for purposes described in this privacy policy .
With our resellers and other sales partners if you are a business customer and agreed to receive Adobe marketing communications .
Note that we do not share personal information about consumers with third parties for their own marketing purposes unless the consumer agreed to that sharing .
When we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena , court order , or other applicable law or legal process ( learn more ) .
When we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud , defend our websites or applications against attacks , or protect the property and safety of Adobe , our customers and users , or the public .
If we merge with or are acquired by another company , we sell an Adobe website , application , or business unit or all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company .
In those cases your information will likely be one of the assets that is transferred .
We may share or publish aggregate information that does n't specifically identify you , such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers use our applications and hosted services .
Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe 's websites or applications
There are several places on Adobe 's websites and applications that allow you to post comments , upload pictures , or submit content for others to see .
Sometimes you might be able to limit who can see what you share , but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other members of the website or application .
Please be careful when you share your personal information .
Do not share anything you would n't want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within a website or application that allows you to control who sees what you post .
If you choose to share personal information or a document , the terms of this privacy policy will not apply to any information shared .
Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and applications , your email address or name may be included and displayed with your message .
To remove content you have shared on our websites and applications , please use the same website or application feature you used to share the content .
If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing , editing , or commenting of content , you may be able to delete your contributions , but usually the user that invited you has full control .
If you have questions or concerns about this , please contact us .
Is my personal information secure
We understand that the security of your personal information is important .
We provide reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security controls to protect your personal information .
However , despite our efforts , no security controls are 100 % effective and Adobe can not ensure or warrant the security of your personal information .
Where does Adobe store my personal information
Your personal information and data files are stored on Adobe 's servers and the servers of companies we hire to provide services to us .
Your personal information may be transferred across national borders because we have servers located worldwide and the companies we hire to help us run our business are located in different countries around the world .
For more information , please see Adobe 's Safe Harbor policy .
How can I review or update my personal information or close my Adobe ID account
Many of our websites and applications allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the `` my account , '' `` my profile , '' or similar feature of the website or application you are using .
Note that we need to retain certain records for legal or internal business reasons ( such as fraud prevention ) .
Some of your information may remain on backup systems , in compliance with applicable law .
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with the websites and applications you are eligible to use with your Adobe ID , or as needed to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our agreements .
Will Adobe market to me
The Adobe family of companies ( see list of Adobe entities and our acquired companies ) and companies we hire to help us market our websites and applications on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Adobe .
We give you choices regarding our marketing practices .
Does Adobe participate in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor program
Adobe Systems Incorporated ( our U.S. company ) has certified to the EU Safe Harbor Framework with respect to personal information we receive from our subsidiaries , corporate customers , and other business partners located in the EU and Switzerland ( see Adobe 's Safe Harbor policy ) .
Will this privacy policy change
Occasionally , we may change or update this privacy policy ( or other documents in the Adobe Privacy Center ) to allow Adobe to use or share your previously collected personal information in a materially different way .
If we do , the links to the policy on our websites and online services ( which are generally found in the footer of the website or online service ) will indicate that the policy has been changed or updated , For new users , the change or update will become effective upon posting .
For existing users , the change or update will become effective 30 days after posting .
We encourage you to periodically review the Adobe Privacy Center for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Who can I contact with questions or concerns

Adorama 's pledge to you :
Adorama respects your privacy .
To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
NOT sell , rent , or lease your personal information
NOT keep you on our mailing lists if you have requested to be removed
NOT share your information with any trading partners unless you have requested information , products , or services that can be best handled by another company
Treat your privacy very seriously and will adhere to this Privacy Policy
Promote this Privacy Policy internally so all employees abide by it
Keep this Privacy Policy accurate .
Adorama is one of the nation 's largest photo retail and mail order suppliers .
For over 25 years we have been serving professionals as well as amateurs in the photographic , video , digital imaging and telescope fields .
We offer the best combination of quality services , vast selection , knowledgeable staff , and competitive pricing .
Types of information we collect
How we use your information
Children and personally identifiable information
Access , accuracy and opt-out rights
Third party use of information collected on this web site
Types of information we collect
There are two types of information that Adorama collects online : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information supplied by visitors to our web site , and ( 2 ) non-personal information gathered as visitors navigate through the web site .
Personally identifiable information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity , such as name , address , or email address .
Adorama collects personally identifiable information from site visitors in the following instances :
When you place an order on our site , we require you to provide your name , email address , mailing address , telephone number and credit card information .
At the time of ordering , you may also choose to register by creating a user name and password .
When you voluntarily provide us with your information via a web form on our web site , or while corresponding with us via email .
It is not necessary to provide any personally identifiable information in order to simply browse our web site .
Adorama routinely gathers non-personal information , including how many people visit this web site , the pages they visit , where they come from , how long they stay , their IP address , and the type of browser they used while visiting .
None of this information is used to identify you personally .
Non-personal information is gathered through the use of cookies , web beacons and web server logs .
A cookie is a small piece of information that a web site sends to a visitor 's computer and which is then stored on the visitor 's hard drive .
A Web beacon is an electronic image , also known as a clear GIF or a single-pixel ( 1x1 ) .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on a visitor 's computer , such as a visitor 's cookie number , the time and date of a page view , and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed .
You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies .
A web server log is a file where web site activity is stored .
Every time a visitor requests a file or web page an entry is made into our server logs .
These files include the HTML files and their imbedded graphic images and any other associated files that are transmitted to Web site visitors .
Log files can be analyzed and summarized by another program .
Although Adorama uses web server logs , web beacons , and cookies on this web site , we do not know who any visitor is unless that person specifically tells us .
How we use your information
Adorama typically uses the non-personal information we collect in order to better understand how you and other visitors use our web site , for system administration , to confirm that you 've opened the emails that we send you , and to customize your experience when using this web site .
For example , we use cookies to ensure that items added to your shopping cart during one visit are accessible to you on subsequent visits until you either place an order or delete the items from the shopping cart .
Adorama may share your personally identifiable information with trusted third party vendors for the sole purpose of facilitating your order .
For example , we provide your name , shipping address , phone number , and order information to our shipping carrier .
We also may provide your name , billing address , and credit card information to the credit card processor that facilitates the transaction .
Adorama has strict guidelines requiring all third parties to keep any shared personally identifiable information confidential .
Unless otherwise required by law , or if pertinent to a judicial or governmental investigation , or as voluntarily released by you , your personally identifiable information is not shared with other organizations or persons , other than to organizations or persons assisting us in collecting , assembling or processing this information .
In the course of growing or restructuring our business , we may purchase the assets of another company or sell the assets of our company .
During these transactions , information about customers is frequently considered a business asset that is the subject of such a purchase or sale .
Also , in the unlikely event that Adorama , or substantially all of its assets are either acquired or subject to liquidation in bankruptcy , information may be transferred as well .
We will require third parties who obtain access to your information as a result of a transaction to adhere to this privacy policy as a condition to transferring the information to them .
Children and personally identifiable information
This web site is designed for those 15 years of age and older .
We will not knowingly collect information of any kind from anyone under the age of 13 .
If we become aware of a visitor under the age of 13 providing information on our site , we will terminate any accounts associated with that visitor and purge our databases of all information provided by that visitor .
Access , accuracy and opt-out rights
Adorama will make every effort to provide you with access to your personally identifiable information so that you may review , update or correct that information .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before enabling you to view your data and/or make corrections .
We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request .
If you do n't want Adorama to gather non-personal information about you and/or place cookies onto your desktop , you can generally change your cookie and other security settings on your web browser .
For more information , please consult your web browser documentation .
Please keep in mind that if you choose to prevent Adorama from placing cookies onto your desktop , you may not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this web site .
If you have registered on this web site , your personally identifiable information relating to you and your order history are available to you .
However , each time you log into your account on this web site , you will be required to provide the password that you created at the time you registered .
After providing your password , you can edit or delete your information at any time through the `` Account info '' page .
We will also provide you the opportunity to opt-out at any time of certain or all contact from Adorama , and we will do everything we can to honor such requests .
This choice will generally be offered at the bottom of our on-line or off-line communications to you .
42 West 18th Street
New York , NY 10011
Toll Free : 1 ( 800 ) 223-2500 ( US and Canada )
Local or international : ( 212 ) 741-0052
( 212 ) 463-7223
The security of your information is very important to us .
Adorama follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
We use state-of-the-art data encryption technology to protect against loss , misuse or alteration of your user information .
Secure Socket Layers ( SSLs ) encrypt the information sent between your computer and our database .
Our ordering system is certified by Verisign , an internet leader in security transactions .
In addition , we use Internet fraud screening to protect credit card transactions .
To be sure you 're browsing secure pages , check your Web browser 's status bar ( located at the bottom of the window ) for the closed padlock icon .
This icon appears in the latest versions of Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator to tell you that you are viewing a secure web page .
Credit Card Fraud Warranty
We guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100 % safe .
This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at our online store .
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act , your bank generally can not hold you liable for more than $ 50.00 of fraudulent charges .
If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $ 50.00 , we will cover the entire liability for you , up to the full $ 50.00 .
We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using the secure server .
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card , you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures .
Third party use of information collected on this web site
The Adorama web site may contain links to other sites .
We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites .
Adorama may share your personally identifiable information with trusted third party vendors for the sole purpose of facilitating your order .
For example , we provide your name , shipping address , phone number , and order information to our shipping carrier .
We also may provide your name , billing address , and credit card information to the credit card processor that facilitates the transaction .
We also may grant limited access to your name and email address to the agency that deploys emails and other marketing campaigns on our behalf for the purpose of improving our marketing outreach programs .
Adorama has strict guidelines requiring all third parties to keep any shared personally identifiable information confidential .
Adorama may employ additional third parties to provide marketing services on our behalf .
With our approval , these third parties may also place cookies onto your computer for analysis purposes .
These third party companies will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but can not use that information for any other purpose .
These third party companies will only have access to non-personal information about your visit or transaction , such as the URLS which lead you to and around our web site , the pages visited , the product ( s ) purchased , and the amount spent .
These companies will not have access to information that will allow them to personally identify you .
Adorama reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time .
We will promptly reflect any such modifications on this privacy policy .
This privacy policy was last updated on : August 2 , 2005

The Type of Information the Service Collects :
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service .
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service .
The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information .
Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested .
In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) .
All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your `` Registration Information '' .
Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device .
The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information .
How the Service Uses Information About You :
We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service , and/or Content you have requested .
For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication .
Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with unaffiliated third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) .
If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date .
If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifying information for purposes of health , safety and other matters in the public interest .
We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assetsi .
We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
Local Device Storage and other Tracking Technologies :
The Service may place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices ( e.g. , `` cookies '' ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( `` Local Device Storage '' ) .
We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service .
For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage .
Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies .
If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it .
However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly .
In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage .
How to Opt-Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies :
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties may also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes .
In doing so , these third parties may collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith .
Transfer of Information :
Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
Information Security and Notification :
Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself .
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device .
Kids and Parents :
This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere .
Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service .
If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
This Web site uses services provided by News Registry .
News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry .
Privacy Policy Coordinator :
If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows :
Advance Digital , Inc .
30 Journal Square , Suite 400
Jersey City , NJ 07306
Make sure to include enough information for us to help you , including for example your name , contact information , and the specific website , mobile site , application , and/or other service you 're contacting us about .
Note : Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to the Privacy Policy Coordinator .
No other communications will be accepted or responded to .
For communications on other matters , please contact us through the means described on the Service , if available ( for example , in the `` Contact Us '' section ) .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service .

Effective Date : June 1 , 2012
It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information .
Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy .
Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites .
The Information We Collect and Use
A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are .
This is Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave .
It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click .
We may place a cookie on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites .
There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies .
You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites .
We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as 1x1 clear pixel , Web beacon or clear GIF ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site .
No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons nor do we allow third-party companies to collect such information from cookies or web beacons on our Website .
We may , however , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you visit our Website .
These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( e.g . click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use cookies or third party web beacons to collect this information .
B . Personally Identifiable Information .
We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( Personally Identifiable Information ) .
We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us .
For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number .
You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites .
When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us .
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested .
The emails that we send contain links that enable you to unsubscribe from such mailings .
We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below .
From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes .
These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information .
We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services .
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred .
We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person .
Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us .
We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information .
But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk .
We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely .
We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country .
The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy .
This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 .
Access to your information
Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) .
How To Contact Us
You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address :
New York , NY 10003
Changes To The Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 2012 .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes .
In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites .
Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes .

American Eagle Outfitters and its subsidiaries ( `` AEO '' ) respect your right to privacy .
We may change or add to this privacy policy at any time without notice , so we encourage you to review it periodically .
AEO reserves the right to vary this policy state by state as required by law .
By purchasing our products or using our services or website , you consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy .
This privacy policy will tell you :
What information is collected by AEO
How we may use and share information
How we protect the information
How you may contact AEO
AEO POINTS OF CONTACT
The AEO points of contact include , but are not limited to :
AEO stores , our AEO merchandise sales websites ( ae.com and aerie.com ) , AEO 's customer service line for ordering products , and communications with AEO 's customer relations department ;
Any other website or on-line service that may be provided from time to time by AEO or on behalf of AEO such as :
The AEO Credit Card website .
This policy does not apply to information collected when you apply for an AEO Credit Card ( issued by GE Money Bank )
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ?
We receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decided to make an AEO purchase , apply for an AEO Credit Card , register on an AEO website , take part in a special promotion , or provide any other information or unique preferences to better serve you .
This information may include :
Your name , address and phone number
Your credit card , AEO Gift Card or AEREWARDS Card number
Proof of your identity
*Any other information that AEO may voluntarily collect from you from time to time on its website or through alternate means .
It might also include information you provide us about other people .
For example , you may provide us with some of the same information as above ( name and address ) for a merchandise gift recipient .
When you provide us with personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment , we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and , in some cases , to communicate with the intended recipient to provide information pertaining to the status of the shipment .
We rely on you to obtain the intended recipient 's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources such as updated address information .
This information may help us to improve our ability to serve your needs such as ensuring the accurate delivery of direct mail materials .
Use of Cookies and Other Technology
We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you when you visit one of our websites .
For your convenience , to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs , we may receive and store certain types of information when you visit one of our websites .
You may be familiar with the term `` cookies . ''
These cookies may be placed on your computer when you click on an AEO e-mail , banner , or on the site directly .
We use this information to understand how users navigate to and around our websites , view product pages , access content and make purchases .
ONCE INFORMATION IS RECEIVED , HOW IS IT USED AND/OR SHARED ?
Information we collect from you may be shared between all points of contact within AEO and its subsidiaries .
We use this information to offer you special offers , new products , and services and may share your information with sister companies .
In addition , AEO may use such information to :
Provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requests
Do all things necessary to administer those services
Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online
Register you on ae.com
Facilitate payment for your purchases
Confirm your orders and delivery information
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
Communicate offers , benefits and featured items to you
Administer giveaways , contests , birthday programs and similar promotions
Administer special customer recognition programs such as AEREWARDS
Find and stock the products you want
Customize your shopping experience and other uses as determined by AEO
Certain business services are performed on AEO 's behalf and at AEO 's request by other companies .
We may share your information with selected vendors that perform services for AEO or to others for other marketing purposes .
To perform these services , these companies may , at times , utilize some of the information you have provided AEO .
This information is used for the purposes AEO has requested such as maintaining our database , administering and monitoring e-mails , and contest administration .
GE Money Bank manages an online credit center .
When you visit the web site , GE Money Bank receives the information you provide for the purpose of assisting AEO with the administration and management of the AEO Credit Card .
GE Money Bank may have its own policies that govern the site when you apply for a credit card .
We may also share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation .
We may do so when ( 1 ) permitted or required by law , or ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions , or ( 3 ) investigating fraud that has already taken place .
In addition , AEO reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so .
In all cases , this information is not provided to these entities for purposes of marketing to an AEO customer .
Retention of Personal Information
AEO retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws .
Your consent to such purposes ( s ) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you .
AEO also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase , sale ( including , but not limited to , liquidation , realization , foreclosure or repossession ) , lease , merger , amalgamation or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance or financing of all or any portion of AEO or of any of the business , assets or shares of AEO or a division thereof .
AEO may decide to retain a copy of the information after the sale or transfer for any use .
Identity Theft Policy and Program
AEO has an implemented program designed to comply with the Red Flag Rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission under the Fair and Accurate Credit transactions Act of 2003 .
AEO will take proactive and preventative measures in ensuring against identity theft .
AEO has identified specific patterns , practices , and forms of activity to be Red Flags signaling possible identity theft .
In the instance that AEO has identified a Red Flag , AEO will follow the Program closely in order to ensure against identity theft .
HOW TO CONTACT AEO
You can also call us at 1-888-232-4535 with your request .
When you fill out one of our forms or other requests for information , you may choose to receive e-mail that informs you about new merchandise in our stores or online , as well as special offers and promotions .
In addition , we may send you e-mails to help us learn more about you and your preferences .
If , after you have shared your e-mail address with AEO , you decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from AEO , you have several options to let us know of your preferences :
You can go to ae.com , access your Account profile , uncheck the box marked `` Send me e-mails with ae.com promotions '' and follow the instructions
You can discontinue promotional e-mails by clicking on the hyperlink shown in all AEO e-mails and follow the instructions to indicate your unsubscribe preference
Contact AEO customer relations as set forth below
77 Hot Metal Street
Pittsburgh , PA 15203
Attention : Senior Director of CRM
You may also contact us in any one of the above ways to request access to or correction or update of your personal information .
If you have specific questions regarding your AEO Credit Card , you can call AEO Credit Card Customer Service at 1-800-843-0875 during the Eastern U.S. time zone hours of 8 a.m. - 12 midnight Monday - Saturday or 9 a.m. - 10 p.m. on Sunday .
You can also write to :
American Eagle Outfitters Credit Card
Atlanta GA , 30353-0993
Customers may decide to have marketing messages sent directly to their mobile devices via text messaging .
This program is completely voluntary , and messages will only be sent to customers who have asked to receive them .
If you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program , or if you wish to opt out of receiving messages , please respond to the text message in the following manner :
For AE , reply `` STOP '' to EAGLE ( 32453 )
For Aerie , reply `` STOP '' to AERIE ( 23743 )
For additional help regarding your subscription to AE 's Mobile Marketing Messaging Program , reply `` HELP '' to 32453 ; Aerie 's Mobile Marketing Messaging Program , reply `` HELP '' to 23743 .
Message and data rates may apply .
Please consult the applicable wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan .
By subscribing , you are agreeing to receive mobile marketing messages from American Eagle Outfitters/Aerie at the mobile number you have provided .
You understand that you are not required to provide your consent as a condition of purchasing any goods or services .
You will receive up to 2 msgs/week for each subscription .
Any information you provide will be held in accordance with our privacy policy .
Please see our privacy policy
Our Policy on gathering information from and communicating with children online
We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children .
Pursuant to COPPA guidelines , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 .
Our Commitment to Data Security
AEO makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access .
This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form .
AEO uses industry standard security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss , misuse or modification of information that you have provided .
When you access your personal information or transmit personally identifiable data to us , that information is stored on servers that we have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion .
While we implement the above security measures , you should be aware that 100 % security is not possible .
Click to Verify - This site has chosen an SSL Certificate to improve Web site security
What happens if I hit a link to another site from an AEO site ?
Our websites may offer links to other sites .
Other sites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies .
AEO is not responsible for how such third parties collect , use or disclose your personal information .
If you choose to visit one of these sites , you may want to review the policies that govern that particular site .

A & E TELEVISION NETWORKS , LLC
A+E Vendor Communications and Opt Out
A+E Marketing Communications and Opt Out
Maintenance of Personal Information
Links to Other Websites
Your California Privacy Rights
Governing Law / Transmission of Information
How to Contact Us
Your privacy is important to us ! A & E Television Networks , LLC and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies ( collectively , A+E or we or us ) owns , operates and/or provides this and other websites , web pages , mobile/tablet/desktop applications , widgets , blogs , games , social networks , virtual worlds and other online or wireless services ( accessible through various desktop , tablet and mobile web browsers , locally installed mobile/tablet/desktop applications and various API services that A+E may offer from time to time ) ( collectively , the Websites ) .
This privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) describes the information about you that A+E collects through the Websites and how this information is used , maintained and , in some cases , shared .
A+E values your use of the Websites and is committed to protecting your privacy .
A+E shares your information only as described in this Privacy Policy .
A+E has provided this Privacy Policy to assist you in understanding the information that we collect , how we use it and the ways we maintain it , including the security of your personal information .
By visiting or using the Websites , services , applications and any other pages , features or content on the Websites , you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to A+E while visiting the Websites , and does not apply to any information that A+E has received , obtained or may obtain offline or through other traditional means .
In order to enhance the content contained on the Websites , A+E may gather and store certain information about your visit .
General Information is information about you or your activities through which you can not be identified .
This information may include some or all of the following items :
The Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) and/or your computer , if it has its own static IP address .
The domain name may also be collected .
Your IP location information may be used during your visit to the Websites to serve you advertisements for goods or services available in your specific location , however , such information will not be collected or maintained by A+E except in aggregate form .
The date , time , length of stay and specific A+E web pages , images , documents or forms accessed by you at such Website .
Whether you are viewing any of the Websites for the first time , or are a return visitor .
The Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the website or advertisement that referred you to any of the Websites .
The search engine that referred you and any search strings or phrases entered into the search engine to find any of the Websites .
Demographic information concerning your country of origin and language ( s ) used .
The type and version of the Internet browser used to visit any of the Websites , the operating system on your computer and information regarding errors when viewing any of the Websites .
A+E collects this General Information and may use it to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to the Websites .
In situations where it is possible to do so , General Information may be linked to Personal Information .
Personal Information is information through which you can be identified .
Providing your personal information to A+E is your choice .
A+E maintains one or more databases to store your Personal Information and may keep such information indefinitely .
Personal Information that A+E may collect from you includes , but is not limited to , your name , postal address ( es ) , telephone number ( s ) , facsimile number ( s ) , email address ( es ) , date of birth and any other information that you voluntarily provide .
Personal Information you volunteer is used by A+E for internal verification , to complete requested transactions , to ensure appropriate legal use of A+E 's goods and/or services , to provide you notification about updates to the Websites , goods , services and data and to help provide you with technical support for A+E 's goods and services .
Your Personal Information is collected from our Websites , through email and/or through online applications you complete , forums and message boards , blogs , requests for newsletters , requests for channel or show information , playing our games or in our virtual worlds , entering sweepstakes and prize promotions , taking surveys , reporting problems and through any of your other activities with A+E .
The Personal Information that A+E collects depends on the nature of your activities .
Registration in order to register and activate an account for any of our Websites , you will need to provide Personal Information such as your user name , email address , date of birth , nationality and postal/zip code .
We strongly encourage you not to use any Personal Information in your username or password .
Sweepstakes and other prize promotions from time to time , A+E may present sweepstakes , contests , special offers or other promotions , and in order for you to enter and win such promotions , you may need to provide Personal Information .
The type and amount of Personal Information required will depend on the promotion .
For example , a vacation sweepstakes entry will require you to provide , at a minimum , your full name , address , telephone number , date of birth and email address .
In the event that you are a sweepstakes or prize promotion winner , we will require you to submit to us a W9 , which will require you to provide additional information , such as your social security number , in order to receive the prize .
Voluntary submissions information that you voluntarily submit on our Contact Us web page and via other surveys and feedback will require the disclosure of your first name and email address , may also include your telephone number and is used by A+E to enhance our Websites or to reply to your questions or comments .
Online purchases when you place an order online , we collect information associated with the transaction , including your full name , billing and mailing addresses , credit card , banking or other payment information , products ordered , shipping information and identity verification information ( driver 's license , social security number ) .
This information is used to enhance the goods that we offer through our store , as well as to ensure that our financial partners can process the payment to us and that our third party fulfillment company can deliver the products that you ordered to the address that you provided .
Invitations if you invite someone to use a feature of one of our Websites , we will disclose your real name as part of the invitation you send , as this information is necessary to ensure that the invited person knows who has sent the invitation .
Mobile A+E collects information regarding your GPS location when you use the Websites and associated services from your mobile device if your device has location services enabled .
Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy or unless legally required to do so , A+E will not sell , rent or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to any outside company or organization .
This Privacy Policy excludes data that may be stored or transmitted to or from the service provider hosting the Websites .
In addition to those uses set forth in Section 3 above , A+E may hire companies to help provide products or services , like a shipping company that may deliver packages , a financial partner that assists in the completion of transactions you request or any other third party that is needed to assist in the completion of transactions you request .
In those instances , there is a need to share your information with these third parties .
A+E may also work with other companies who help either to gather your information or to communicate with you .
Your opt-out of receiving information from us and/or third parties will not apply to sharing by A+E of your Personal Information with any of these third parties .
Nonetheless , except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy , these third parties are allowed to gather , receive and use your information only for the purposes described herein or as required by law .
A+E may make bulletin boards , chat rooms , job listing areas , message boards , news groups and other community services available to you on the Websites .
Please understand that any information that is disclosed by you in these areas becomes public information .
When you disclose such information in a bulletin board , message board , chat room , blog or any other public forum , you do so at your own risk .
A+E has no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information or any other information about yourself .
The information presented in these areas reflects the views of the individual users or hosts and does not necessarily reflect the views of A+E or any of its affiliates .
A+E reserves the right ( but has no obligation ) to monitor the use of bulletin boards , message boards , chat rooms , blogs or other public forums on the Websites .
A+E may also disclose your Personal Information if : ( a ) your information is subject to disclosure in response to judicial or governmental subpoenas , warrants or orders served on A+E ; ( b ) your information is subject to disclosure to protect A+E 's rights or property , to enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy and/or A+E 's Terms of Use and/or to prevent harm to yourself or to another ; or ( c ) your information is subject to disclosure or transfer if A+E or its business is sold or offered for sale to another entity or individual ( s ) , a petition for relief is filed under U.S. Bankruptcy laws for or against A+E or if A+E becomes subject to an order of appointment of a trustee or receiver .
A+E reserves the right to release and/or use all information contained within our databases , access logs or other records concerning you if you violate this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use or other rules , policies , notices , agreements or guidelines , or if you intentionally or unintentionally partake ( or are reasonably suspected of partaking ) in any illegal activity , including but not limited to hacking , even without a subpoena , warrant or other court order , and to release such information in response to court and governmental orders , civil subpoenas , discovery requests and as otherwise required by law and/or to initiate our own legal proceedings .
A+E cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using the Websites ( or any part thereof ) for illegal activities .
A+E also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or to entities for investigation or prosecution .
A+E may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your Personal Information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale .
In the event that we purchase a business , the Personal Information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
In the event that we sell a business , we will attempt to include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your Personal Information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy .
Thus , any of your opt-out requests will not affect our right to transfer your information to a purchaser in these circumstances .
A+E also reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of A+E 's assets to a third party , provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
A+E may take your Personal Information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
Given the nature of this information , there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of A+E to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and A+E may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any manner in A+E 's sole discretion .
A+E Vendor Communications and Opt Out
In addition to its own use , A+E may pass your Personal Information to third party fulfillment companies , web hosting companies , customer support specialists , data analysis firms , email service providers , shipping companies and credit card processors and/or any of their authorized agents who provide the goods or services requested to meet your needs .
A+E may also provide your email address to vendors that it deems provide goods or services which you may need .
A+E Marketing Communications and Opt Out
A+E may also use your Personal Information , or a portion thereof , to send you marketing materials , channel and/or show information , vendors with information that you may need , special event information , A+E newsletters or advertisements and/or information that A+E thinks may be of interest to you , unless you notify A+E that you do not wish to receive such materials .
A+E may also use the services of bonded mailing houses that are authorized to use your Personal Information only for the benefit of A+E .
A+E may from time to time engage the services of third party ad service providers , both of whom may collect non-personally identifying information about you when an advertisement is on the page you are viewing , or when you interact with one of the advertisements .
These third party ad service providers and A+E may use your non-personally identifying information to determine what types of advertisements you might like to see on our Websites , as well as advertisements on third party websites .
This non-personally identifiable information can be collected by A+E or a third party ad service provider through technical means such as cookies , flash cookies and/or session ID cookies .
A+E and its third party ad service providers may collect this non-personally identifiable information for these purposes unless you opt-out of such collection and/or use as explained further in our Ad Choices Policy .
In addition , A+E works with third parties to help us track the advertisements delivered to you , for research and for analytics purposes , and may collect non-personally identifying information about you through technical means such as cookies , web beacons and other technologies .
A+E does not share any of your personally identifying information with these third parties .
Please note that A+E does not have access to the information that these third parties may collect about your interests to deliver relevant advertising to you , and the information practices and policies of such third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
A+E and/or our third party ad service provides are or are in the process of becoming members of regulatory organizations , including the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) , and the Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) , which are working to address important privacy and consumer protection issues regarding the collection of information for use in online advertising .
The use of Cookies is a standard practice among websites .
A Cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer to uniquely distinguish your visit to a website .
Cookies are most often used to track specific information regarding your activity on a particular website .
When you visit our Websites , we place a Cookie in a directory of your computer 's hard drive .
The information that Cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit and your registration information .
Cookies offer you many conveniences for our Websites .
For example , they allow A+E to recognize certain information , such as your browser type , so we know if you can view certain plug-ins like Macromedia Flash files .
They also allow us to streamline your visit to the Websites based on your previous visits .
Cookies may be either permanent or temporary .
A+E uses both temporary and permanent cookies .
A temporary or session Cookie is placed on your computer during your visit to any of our Websites and is deleted when you exit your Internet browser and/or turn off your computer .
A permanent or persistent Cookie means that the Cookie stays on your hard drive until you delete it .
You can delete our permanent Cookie at any time by following the instructions contained in your browser 's help file , or by contacting the company providing your browser 's technical support .
A+E does not use cookies to store information such as credit card numbers , social security numbers or any other highly sensitive Personal Information .
You may configure your browser to accept or deny Cookies from our Websites .
However , disabling or denying Cookies from our Websites may render parts of them inaccessible or may cause certain web pages not to properly load .
There are also several services and websites which allow you to visit websites , including our Websites anonymously .
Again , you may not be able to access or use all of the web pages for the Websites if you use these anonymizing services or websites .
A+E may use Web Beacons , sometimes referred to as clear gifs or web bugs , which is another way ( instead of Cookies ) to help personalize your experience on the Websites .
Web Beacons are typically invisible to you and are generally embedded in very small clear graphics files .
We may use Web Beacons to monitor certain non-personally identifiable information about you , including the URL of the page from which the Web Beacon originated , the type of browser used , the IP address of your computer and the time you viewed the Web Beacon .
We may also use Web Beacons to assist our third party advertising and/or content companies in providing the contact they believe you want to see .
Web Beacons are also used to allow such third parties to determine how many people view the advertisements and/or click through , and to assist in serving and managing advertisements and content .
While Web Beacons do not collect Personal Information , the information collected by them may be used in conjunction with Cookies to identify aggregate information about our Website users .
Personal Information that you provide to us in association with a DMCA notification or counter-notification will be disclosed to third parties .
All information contained in or associated with a DMCA notification will be disclosed to the alleged infringer .
All information contained in or associated with a DMCA counter-notification will be disclosed to the initial claimant .
See our Copyright Policy for more information on notifications and counter-notifications .
You do not have to participate in A+E 's mailing lists ( newsletters ) in order to use the Websites .
However , if you elect not to receive such newsletters , you may miss valuable information on A+E , its channels and shows and/or its goods or services .
A+E will not contact you nor send you marketing materials unless you have accepted to receive such contact or information ( i.e. , you have not opted out ) .
Maintenance of Personal Information
If you believe that any of your information is incorrect or needs updating , please let us know either at the email address listed in this section , or by U.S . Postal Mail to our address listed below ( Attn : Information Access ) .
A+E will use reasonable efforts to correct your information and our records upon verification of the requested change .
In addition , within the text of your email or letter , you should provide your exact name and address so that we can do our best to ensure that you stop receiving the notifications that you no longer wish to receive .
After such a request is received , A+E will use reasonable efforts to refrain from including you when sending such notifications by noting your opt-out election in our database .
You decide what Personal Information you make available to other users of our Websites , including in or on our bulletin boards , message boards , chats , blogs , posts and other disclosures .
All users of our Websites should be aware that information you make available via these disclosures is public and not private .
A+E is not responsible for and can not control the actions of others who will have access to this information , therefore , we do not and can not guarantee that the information you disclose in this manner will not be viewed by unauthorized persons .
A+E may provide security measures that are designed to restrict access to certain portions of the Websites , such as private chat rooms , restricted forums or instant messaging , but A+E can not and is not responsible for circumvention of these security measures or for further distribution or use of any information you disclose in public areas by others .
We may also provide you tools to edit and remove the information or materials you make available on our Websites , but even after removal , copies of any information you post may remain viewable in cached , archived or otherwise saved media that is outside the control of A+E .
You are solely responsible for any information and materials that you choose to make available on public areas of our Websites .
A+E does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children ( defined as minors younger than thirteen ( 13 ) years of age ) .
If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of eighteen ( 18 ) , or the legal age of contract majority , and have authorized your child to use your computer , we urge you to instruct your child never to give out his or her real name , address , phone number , email address or other personally identifying information while on our Websites .
There are no computer applications on our Websites which allow for the determination of your age .
If A+E discovers that Personal Information of a child under 13 has been collected , A+E will take reasonable steps to delete this information .
All information volunteered to A+E will be treated the same as information given by an adult .
A+E recommends that the Internet browsing behavior of any child should be carefully supervised by a responsible adult at all times .
Links to Other Websites
Our Websites contain several links to or integrations with other websites , including but not limited to Facebook Connect , Twitter , Disqus , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours .
Neither A+E , nor any of its officers , directors , partners , affiliates , subsidiaries , employees , agents , representatives , vendors or suppliers is responsible for the content , privacy policies , products , services , reliability , viewpoint or accuracy of information on any such websites .
We do not control and are not responsible for the collection of personal information by third party websites , including websites owned or controlled by our preferred financial partners , advertisers , vendors and/or websites not controlled or authorized by A+E .
Third party websites that are accessed through links on our Websites or integrations with other websites have separate privacy policies .
We have no responsibility or liability for the policies implemented by third parties on their websites .
You should contact those third parties directly to ask questions about their privacy policies .
If you enter or choose to leave our Websites via links to other non-A+E websites , your visits and actions on those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access and improper use .
A+E makes access to your Personal Information subject to certain security measures , including technological controls such as firewalls , in accordance with industry standards .
When the use of an A+E web page involves the transmission of Personal Information or confidential information , A+E may use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to establish a secure connection between your computer and A+E .
SSL allows the transmission of encrypted information from your computer to A+E and back again and is currently the industry standard for Internet platform security .
From time to time , we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure , so while A+E strives to protect your Personal Information , A+E can not ensure or warrant the security of any information that you voluntarily give to A+E .
A+E reserves the right to monitor all network traffic to our Websites to identify and/or block unauthorized attempts or intrusions to upload or change information or cause damage to any of our Websites in any manner .
Anyone using any of our Websites expressly consents to such monitoring .
Your California Privacy Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY .
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Information with third parties .
If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Information to A+E , you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
A & E Television Networks , LLC
Attn : California Privacy Rights
235 East 45th Street
New York , NY 10017
Attention : Digital Media Counsel , Legal & Business Affairs
Within thirty ( 30 ) days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of Personal Information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this section .
Governing Law / Transmission of Information
Our Websites are controlled and operated from our offices within the State of New York , United States of America .
By choosing to visit our Websites or otherwise provide information to A+E , you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the State of New York as more fully set forth in our Terms of Use .
If you are accessing our Websites from any location with regulations or laws governing personal data collection , use or disclosure that differ from United States laws or regulations , please note that through your continued use of our Websites , which is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the United States of America and this Privacy Policy , you are transferring Personal Information to the United States of America and you consent to that transfer and any associated processing .
A+E has included the effective date of this Privacy Policy at the top and bottom of this web page .
A+E reserves the right to make changes to any terms of this Privacy Policy at any time , however , A+E shall provide notification to you in advance of any changes becoming effective , such as by posting a notification on the Websites or via email .
If you continue to access and/or use any of the Websites after the effective date of such changes , then such access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of and an agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed .
The revised Privacy Policy supersedes all previous notices or statements regarding the Websites .
For this reason , we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy any time you access or use the Websites , and we recommend that you print out a copy for your records .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you may contact us through any of the following means , however , please be sure to specify the reason for your communication .
Please be aware that any opt-out or other requests with specific email addresses will not be addressed through communication to these general means .
U.S . Postal Mail : A & E Television Networks , LLC
Contact : [ Website Name ]
235 E. 45th Street
New York , NY 10017
Attention : Digital Media Counsel , Legal & Business Affairs
Facsimile : 212-210-1308 , Attention : Digital Media Counsel , Legal & Business Affairs
2012 A & E Televisions Networks , LLC .
-- All Rights Reserved .
Updated : June 20 , 2012

You have accessed this web site through another web site .
The web site you are now using is operated by Sabre Inc .
( `` '' Sabre '' '' ) .
Sabre is a travel and transportation technology company that , among other things , licenses Internet booking engines ( `` '' IBEs '' '' ) to travel arrangers , such as travel agents .
We are pleased that you have chosen to review our privacy policy .
If you are already familiar with Sabre 's corporate policy from visits to other Sabre sites then you may wish to simply read the specific policy of this site below .
Otherwise please click `` '' Sabre Inc .
Corporate Privacy Policy '' '' before continuing on to the specific policy of this site .
OUR PLEDGE TO YOUR PRIVACY
Sabre , Inc. is a travel and transportation technology company that licenses Internet Booking Engines ( `` '' IBEs '' '' ) to travel resellers .
Sabre understands and appreciates the fact that protecting your privacy is very important to you .
That 's why we have written this document , detailing our commitment to your privacy .
Sabre understands and appreciates the fact that protecting your privacy is very important to you .
That 's why we have written this document , detailing Sabre 's commitment to your privacy .
First and foremost , in accordance with our corporate policy , Sabre pledges that it will not release , sell , or trade your personal information without your consent .
You will have choices as to how your personal information is used by Sabre .
An exception must be made when court orders , government agencies or law enforcement authorities require us to release information according to federal and state laws , or in the unlikely event of a sale of the business or transfer of assets .
When you complete the Member Profile form for this Sabre IBE product web site , the information you provide is used by Sabre to , among other things , reduce the effort required for you to search for and book travel on this web site .
This IBE will likely be improved over time .
Future versions will enable us to tailor our display of the relevant travel options and information shown to you based on information you provide .
The travel arrangers who license certain versions of IBEs from Sabre can choose an option that allows them to download your Member Profile information for their own use .
The travel arranger utilizing this IBE may or may not have chosen that option .
To the extent applicable , be aware that with this option the downloaded information ( including changes you make to the Member Profile ) is updated on a regular basis by Sabre but it may take up to a week for the updated information to be reflected in the travel arranger 's database .
Sabre requests that travel arrangers use Member Profile data in accordance with your stated wishes , but there is no obligation on the travel arranger to follow Sabre 's privacy policies once the Member Profile information is in your travel arranger 's possession .
Consequently , you should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of your travel arranger before completing the Member Profile form or using this web site .
Sabre hereby disclaims any and all liability for the actions of our travel arranger with respect to the use of your data and any related data privacy issues .
At times , Sabre provides information to the companies that participate in its IBE web site , e.g. , companies that provide banner advertising and to the travel providers participating in your itinerary .
In the case of the former , the information is only aggregate data that does not contain any personal information about you .
In the case of the latter , only the personal information you provided required to confirm your travel arrangements or other information you have given us permission to share is provided .
As stated in this document , our policies and procedures are designed with a goal to prevent anyone other than Sabre and your travel arranger from having access to your personal information .
As stated more fully below , you will have the option to choose whether or not you wish to receive or continue to receive information about special offers from Sabre .
Information about special offers , etc . from your travel arranger is subject to the policies of your travel arranger .
Further , this policy does not constitute a contract .
By use of the IBE you acknowledge that you do not intend this privacy policy to form a contract .
HOW INFORMATION IS GATHERED
Any information that you give us is stored in a secure database .
Sabre requires only that you create a user name and password to access the IBE , as a means of limiting your travel reseller 's exposure to robotic search engines that drive up his/her cost of serving you .
Your travel reseller may optionally require that you input more information as a condition of accessing the licensed IBE .
Only input fields flagged with an asterisk ( * ) require information be provided , all others are optional .
You may choose not to input information into those fields but you will need to input this information again each time you create a travel booking .
When you are logged in as a registered user , we track the travel options you search in order to learn more about your travel preferences .
If you have authorized such use , the licensing travel reseller may advise you of special travel deals geared towards your preferences .
In future generations of the IBEs , we will use your preferences and historical site behavior to display travel content and banner ads specifically targeted towards your needs .
We want to make your experience with Sabre IBEs as relevant and productive as possible , to encourage your loyalty .
Cookies : When you prepare to log-on to this Sabre IBE our server can automatically recognize your personal computer by your encrypted Member Key that is also known as a `` '' cookie . '' ''
Although this Member Key allows us to identify you when you return , our security standards require that you enter your username and password every single time you visit us .
This enhances security and also allows us to tailor your visit to our site with special discounts or offers that are most relevant to your needs .
Eventually , Sabre will also record the `` '' click stream '' '' data generated when you log into the IBE .
Capturing this information will allow Sabre to automatically customize your Sabre IBE experience by knowing what parts of the IBE you click on most often , how you arrived at the IBE , which browser you use , etc .
Other items to be tracked automatically will eventually include the Internet Service Provider you use , the domain you visited previously , and the URL that the browser accessed .
When Sabre begins using click stream data , it will help us to set up the IBE for your usage preferences , ensure that we design our IBEs to be compatible with your equipment and recommend partnership candidates to travel arrangers who hope to attract and keep your business .
Sabre does not yet store IBE click stream data on an individual-user basis or use it for any of the above-described purposes .
Sabre does , however , use individual users ' click steam information in an anonymous form to reflect group interests .
This helps us modify our site to make it more useful to the largest number of people .
Your Member Profile information may be viewed and edited by logging in to the IBE and selecting `` '' Update Profile '' '' from the Main Menu page .
When Sabre begins storing personally identifiable click stream information on individual users ' we will provide reasonable access for you to view it as well .
Go to the `` '' Help '' '' utilities on your web browser to ( 1 ) find information about the ability to warn you when new cookies are received , ( 2 ) learn how to prevent the acceptance of new cookies , or ( 3 ) learn how to disable cookies altogether .
Please remember that allowing your computer to receive and store cookies will give you the full benefit of the Sabre IBE and can enhance overall performance during your web site visit .
The choice , of course , is yours to make .
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED
Sabre takes its pledge to protect your privacy seriously .
It is your choice as to whether your personal information will be released to a third party by Sabre , except for the situation when we have to initiate , supplement or verify the data necessary to complete transactions that you have requested or purchased .
Your travel arranger will follow its own policies with respect to the release of your personal information to third parties .
As an example , you may ask Sabre to provide your name and address to a merchant or travel provider so that they can complete an order or other request for you .
Sabre we will furnish that vendor with the appropriate information in order for them to fulfill your request .
Another way information is provided to travel providers and merchants is when we sort information based on group statistics .
For example , we may advise a merchant that there are 20,000 IBE users interested in receiving information about theater tickets in New York .
The sharing of this type of information will not be linked to any individual traveler .
HOW WE USE THIRD PARTIES
A third party may be used to fulfill delivery of travel offers from Sabre .
For example , we may engage a third party ( such as an email service company ) to provide you with the details of a special weekend rate for a hotel in Paris if you have told us that you are interested in European travel .
When a third party vendor is used for this purpose they agree to maintain the confidentiality of your personal data in accord with the same conditions as outlined in the provisions of the policy you see here .
Sabre will use your e-mail address to send confirmations and other travel-related e-mail messages related to your specific use of this IBE as well as for administrative items such as forgotten password messages .
If you opt-out in your Member Profile , Sabre will not directly solicit you with travel offers through this IBE .
Your travel arranger , however , may choose to do so and Sabre has no control over those actions .
As noted earlier , if you have opted out of such offers in your Member Profile , Sabre will request that the travel arranger respect your wishes , but does not directly enforce their compliance .
CONCERNS OR QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR PRIVACY
Sabre Online Travel Solutions Privacy Policy 1 East Kirkwood Blvd .
MD 7864 Southlake , TX 76092 , USA
Users may update their traveler preferences and personal information at any time by updating and/or changing information in their Member Profile .
To update your preference form , just log on to the Sabre licensed IBE in which you created your profile and make the appropriate modifications .
UNSUBSCRIBE , UPDATE , CHANGE OR CORRECT TRAVEL PREFERENCES
Users may update their traveler preferences and personal information at any time by updating and/or changing information in their Member Profile .
To update your preference form , just log on to this IBE and make the appropriate modifications .
As appropriate , the personally identifiable information you provided to this IBE kept by Sabre is accessible through this IBE .

Aropostale , Inc. and our subsidiary , P.S .
From Aropostale , Inc. ( collectively , `` Aropostale '' , `` we '' or `` us '' ) recognize that the users and customers ( `` you '' ) of our web sites , Aropostale.com and PS4U.com ( each a `` Web Site '' and collectively , the `` Web Sites '' ) , care how information about them is used and shared .
We have created this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to inform you of our information collection , use and sharing practices for the Web Sites .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered through our stores and Web Sites and , where applicable , through the Web Sites ' Customer Service Department in connection with the Web Site , and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other web sites that we operate or through other off-line means .
Attn : Aropostale Customer Service
Melbourne , FL 32901
What Information About Me Is Collected , Stored and Used ?
We collect and store information that you enter into this Web Site or that you provide through this Web Site 's Customer Service Department .
For example , when you open an account or place an order , we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide : name , billing address , shipping address , email address , telephone number , credit card number and expiration date ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested , to process and ship orders , to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service .
Some of this information also may be used to contact you about new products , sales , promotions , special offers , and events , product and customer surveys and new site features , unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this Web Site .
We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our Web Sites .
For example , we collect your IP address , browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit the Web Sites .
We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage .
This information is used to analyze and improve the Web Sites and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience .
Also , like many web sites , we use `` cookies '' , which are files stored on your computer 's hard drive by your browser .
Cookies help us to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience .
Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves our Web Site without checking out .
Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them .
We recommend that you leave cookies `` turned on '' so that we can offer you a better shopping experience on our Web Sites .
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources , to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you .
Is Information Collected From Children ?
We are fully aware of the concerns regarding the collection of personal information from children .
As a result , we do not sell or ship any items ordered through our Web Sites directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 13 , nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , you should use our Web Sites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information on our Web Site , please contact the Web Site 's Customer Service Department by phone at 877-289-2376 , and we will remove the personal information about the individual from our database .
With Whom Do You Share Information ?
We do not share with others any personal information that you provide to us through our Web Sites or through the Web Sites ' Customer Service Department , except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may share personal information that you provide to us through our stores , the Web Site or through the Web Sites ' Customer Service Department with our affiliates , strategic and/or marketing partners and with our service providers .
Certain of our affiliates and service providers may share this personal information with their affiliates and with service providers whom they engage to perform services related to the Web Sites or the operation of our business .
Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , product customization , order fulfillment and shipping , marketing and promotional material distribution , web site evaluation , data analysis and , where applicable , data cleansing .
These service providers are authorized to use this personal information only in connection with the services they are engaged to perform .
We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that : the law or legal process requires it ; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency ; or such release is necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of Aropostale , or any of our affiliates , service providers , customers or others .
We may share non-personal information with our marketing partners , advertisers and others from time to time .
Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this Web Site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Web Site .
This information generally is shared in an aggregated form .
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure ?
Various security measures , including Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology , are used to protect personal information that we collect .
If you place an order through our Web Sites , you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password .
You must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information .
In order to help protect your personal information further , you should be careful about providing your password to others .
How Can I Access , Correct and Update Personal Information ?
You can access , correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on `` Manage Your Account '' within the Help Desk area of this Web Site .
Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want To Receive Promotional Communications ?
There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us .
When you set up an account , or click on `` Manage Your Account '' within the Help Desk area , or place an order , you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard .
You also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on an `` unsubscribe '' hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you .
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Web Site ?
Our Web Sites may contain links to other web sites operated by affiliates of Aropostale or third parties .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other web sites and that we are not responsible for the privacy policies , practices or contents of these other web sites .
We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our Web Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that you visit .
What About Contests and Sweepstakes ?
When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to our Web Site , it will be accompanied by a set of rules .
The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed , if different than as described in this Privacy Policy .
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , if you live in the State of California , you may request certain information about the type of your Personal Information we share with third parties for direct marketing purposes and the identity of any such third party .
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Aropostale to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
While we strive to protect your Personal Information , neither Aropostale nor any of our service providers can ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Any such transmission is done at your own risk .
If you choose to visit our Web Sites , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including but not limited to limitations of damages and application of the law of the State of New York .
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE , SHALL AROPOSTALE OR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS ON THE AROPOSTALE.COM OR PS4U.COM SITE , EVEN IF AROPOSTALE OR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR AFFILIATES , OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF AROPOSTALE OR ANY OF OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR AFFILIATES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
By using our Web Sites , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy .
By providing Personal Information to us through the Web Site , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy with respect to the collection and use of Personal Information .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use our Web Site .
Your continued use of the Web site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes accordingly .
How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy ?
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we modify this Privacy Policy , we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Web Sites .
We also may post a notice on the Web Sites or send an email describing the changes .
You should check the Web Site regularly to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred .

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR AFFILIATES UNITED AFFILIATE PROGRAMME
The following terms and conditions ( the Agreement ) are those governing the Affiliates United Affiliate Programme ( AUAP )
Please read these terms and conditions before joining the AUAP
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS AGREEMENT ( OR ARE NOT AUTHORISED TO DO SO ) YOU MAY NOT JOIN THE AUAP .
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PLEASE CONTACT THE TEAM AT THE SAME EMAIL ADDRESS ABOVE .
The Affiliates United Website and the AUAP are owned and operated jointly and severally by :
- WHG ( International ) Limited , ( company number 99191 ) , registered in Gibraltar with registered office at 6/1 Waterport Place , Gibraltar ; and
- WHG Spain PLC ( company number 106862 ) , registered in Gibraltar with registered office at 6/1 Waterport Place , Gibraltar
herein together to be referred to as the Operator and therefore any reference to Affiliates United shall be deemed to be a reference to the Operator .
By completing and submitting the application form found on the Affiliates United website which the Affiliate can locate by clicking here , the Affiliate is deemed to have agreed to be bound by all the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement .
Affiliate means a member of the Affiliates United Affiliate Programme
Approved Marketing means marketing by using the Tracker via the Operator 's approved Banners and Text Links and Promotional Mails , including promotion on the Affiliate 's websites ;
App means the Operator 's mobile application or widget on any platform ;
`` Banners and Text Links '' are the graphical artwork or text that direct traffic to Sites and/or to the Apps through the Affiliate 's Tracker , to permit a Customer to hyperlink to any Site or App ;
`` Bingo Net Revenue '' means the amount of Bingo bets placed by Customers in the relevant calendar month less : ( i ) the bingo winnings ; ( ii ) bingo bonuses ; ( iii ) Chargebacks ; ( iv ) Gambling Taxes ; and ( v ) any other revenue returns , credits , compensations or refunds given to Customers ;
`` Casino Net Revenue '' means the amount of Casino ( including live casino ) bets placed by Customers in the relevant calendar month less : ( i ) the Casino ( including live casino ) winnings ; ( ii ) Casino ( including live casino ) bonuses ( taking into account any adjustments to the same ) ; ( iii ) Chargebacks ; ( iv ) Gambling Taxes ; and ( v ) any other revenue returns , credits , compensations or refunds given to Customers ;
`` Chargeback '' or `` Credit '' is a credit card transaction which is not collectable by a credit card company as a result of Customer 's non-payment or fraudulent credit card use , or other Customer payment transaction which is revoked and for which a credit is given ;
CPA means Cost Per Acquisition ;
`` CPA Payment '' is the one-time payment for every qualifying Customer payable to the Affiliate if it chooses the CPA reward plan ;
`` Customer '' is an individual that : ( i ) has opened a new account with the Operator in respect of a relevant Site ; ( ii ) has not previously opened an account with the Operator in respect of such Site ; ( iii ) has had their account registration details adequately validated and approved by the Operator , including ( without limitation ) that the individual is confirmed to be 18 years of age or above ; ( iv ) places stakes , or plays , ( as relevant ) with deposited money on the relevant Site via the Affiliate 's Tracker ( s ) ; and ( v ) is qualified and authorised to access and use the relevant Site in accordance with the terms and conditions of use of such Site and complies with all applicable laws , rules and regulations ;
`` Customer Rake '' means , in relation to poker , any rake collected from a Customer ;
Database means any storage medium belonging to the Operator which contains , holds , stores or processes data which is owned or controlled by the Operator , or is licensed to or under the control of the Operator , including ( but without limitation ) any such medium relating to Customers and other users of the Website ;
`` Deposits '' are the funds transferred by Customers to their Customer accounts at the relevant Sites ;
`` Exit Traffic '' means the traffic that an Affiliate brings via an exit window , when Customers leave a Site ( using the Affiliate 's unique Tracker ) ;
`` Fraud '' means an actual or attempted act by the Affiliate or any Customer which is reasonably deemed by the Operator to be ( i ) illegal in any applicable jurisdiction ; ( ii ) made in bad faith ; or ( iii ) intended to defraud the Operator or any of the Sites and/or circumvent any contractual or legal restrictions , regardless of whether such act or attempted act actually causes the Operator or any of the Sites any damage or harm .
Fraud shall include , without limitation , collusion ; abuse of bonuses or other promotions ; abuse of the CPA reward structure ; violation of money-laundering or other laws and regulations ; Spamming ; false , misleading or unauthorised advertising or representations ; use of stolen credit cards ; rake-back activity ; and unauthorised use of any intellectual property rights ( including third parties ' and any of the Operator 's or the Sites ' rights , and registering or attempting to register adwords in breach of this Agreement ) , and Fraudulent shall be construed accordingly ;
Gambling Taxes '' means any tax , duty or levy , including VAT or equivalent , payable by the Operator to any authority in any jurisdiction in respect of bets , stakes , rakes or entry fees received from Customers , whether charged on turnover , gross profits and/or any other profit calculation , although not including corporate income tax or equivalent ;
Lead Affiliate is an Affiliate who introduces any Sub-Affiliate ;
`` Licensed Marks '' means any logo , trade mark , trade name , design , domain name , insignias or similar identifying material that are owned by , and/or licensed to , the Operator or any of its group companies , or any of the Sites ;
Online Gaming Products means the Operator 's online poker , casino ( including live casino ) and bingo products ;
Poker Gross Revenue means the total of all Customer Rakes plus poker tournament entry fees in the relevant calendar month , less Chargebacks ; and any other revenue returns , credits , compensations or refunds given to Customers ;
`` Poker Net Revenue '' means the total of all Customer Rakes plus poker tournament entry fees in the relevant calendar month , less ( i ) Poker bonuses ( taking into account any adjustments to the same ) ; ( ii ) Chargebacks ; ( iii ) Gambling Taxes ; and ( iv ) any other revenue returns , credits , compensations or refunds given to Customers ;
Poker Side Games means Casino games within the Operator 's poker software ;
`` Promotional Mails '' means graphical artwork or text regarding specific promotion campaigns , sent by the Operator from time to time for dissemination by the Affiliate ;
`` Revenue Reward '' is the percentage of Casino Net Revenue , Poker Net Revenue , Sportsbook Net Revenue or Bingo Net Revenue payable to the Affiliate if they choose the Revenue Reward reward plan ;
`` Sites '' are the websites and the Apps promoted by the Operator and/or any designated third party appointed by the Operator from time to time and offered within the AUAP from time to time , and all of their related pages , and Site or App shall mean any of them ;
`` Spam '' means emails and messages that meet any one or more of the following criteria : ( i ) unsolicited mailing , usually sent to a large number of addressees ; ( ii ) contains false or misleading statements ; ( iii ) does not truthfully identify the source or the originating IP Address and / or the originating email address ; ( iv ) does not contain an online and real time Remove option , ( v ) bundles certain software with other software , or ( vi ) inserts icons or causes software download or installation or similar action without the consent of the addressee ; and Spamming shall be construed accordingly ;
Sportsbook means the Operator 's online sports betting product ;
Sportsbook Net Revenue means the amount of Sportsbook bets placed by Customers in the relevant calendar month less : ( i ) the Sportsbook winnings ; ( ii ) Sportsbook bonuses ( taking into account any adjustments to the same ) ; ( iii ) Chargebacks ; ( iv ) Gambling Taxes ; and ( v ) any other revenue returns , credits , compensations or refunds given to Customers ;
`` Sub-Affiliate '' means any individual who is introduced to the Operator by the Affiliate and who joins the AUAP as a regular Affiliate , and in respect of which the Operator shall pay the Lead Affiliate certain rewards , as further described in this Agreement ;
`` Tracker '' a unique tracking URL that the Operator shall provide exclusively to the Affiliate for the term of this Agreement , through which the Operator shall track Customers and calculate an Affiliate 's Revenue Reward or CPA Payment , as applicable .
APPOINTMENT AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
2.1.1Appointment as an Affiliate under the AUAP will occur only once the Operator has received and approved the applicant 's completed application form to become an Affiliate .
Upon such approval ( which will be at the Operator 's sole discretion and which will be notified to the Affiliate by e-mail ) , this Agreement will become binding on both parties .
2.1.2The Affiliate agrees that it shall neither apply to be , nor be appointed as , an Affiliate if it is an employee , agent or subcontractor of the Operator or any company in the same group of companies as the Operator ; or if it is connected in any way to a person or company which meets this definition .
2.2.1Once approved to be an Affiliate under the AUAP the Operator will grant the Affiliate a non-exclusive , revocable right to direct potential Customers to the Sites , in accordance with this Agreement .
2.2.2This Agreement does not grant the Affiliate an exclusive right to direct potential Customers to the Sites or any other exclusive right in connection with the Sites or with the AUAP .
Except for the payment of the Revenue Reward or CPA Payment ( as applicable ) the Affiliate will not have any rights with respect to any Customers .
2.2.3The Operator may operate additional affiliate programmes in connection with the Sites or any other sites , and the Affiliate will have no right in connection with such other programmes , other than those rights the Operator may expressly grant to the Affiliate .
2.3Licence to Use the Licensed Marks
2.3.1The Operator hereby grants the Affiliate a non-exclusive , revocable , non-transferable licence , for the term of this Agreement , to use any of the Licensed Marks solely for the Approved Marketing ( Licence ) .
2.3.2This Licence can not be sub-licensed , assigned , sold or otherwise transferred by the Affiliate without the Operator 's prior written approval .
The Affiliate 's right to use the Licensed Marks is limited to and arises only out of the Licence .
The Operator has the right to terminate the Licence at any time by providing written or electronic notification to the Affiliate .
The Licence will be terminated automatically upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason .
2.3.3The Affiliate shall not assert the invalidity or unenforceability , or otherwise contest the ownership of the Licensed Marks , in any action or proceeding of whatever nature , and shall not take any action that may prejudice the Operator and its Licensed Marks or the Company IP as such term is defined below , the AUAP or any of the Sites and not to do any act or omission which may invalidate or weaken the validity of the Licensed Marks or the Company IP or diminish the Company IP or the Licensed Marks ' associated goodwill .
2.3.4The Affiliate shall not register or attempt to register any logo , trade mark , trade name , insignia , design , domain name or similar identifying material that contain the Company IP or are confusingly similar to or are comprised of any of the Licensed Marks or Company IP .
2.3.5The Affiliate shall not register or attempt to register and/or open domain names or social media pages or accounts ( on any platform ) which comprise and/or are similar or confusingly similar to the Company IP or Sites including the Operator 's name , or any other associated brands or companies , including ( for the avoidance of doubt ) any misspellings of the domain names of any of the Sites ( commonly known as typo-squatting ) , or any phonetics of any of the Sites .
2.3.6In the event that the Affiliate does register any domain name referred to in clause 2.3.5 , it will on demand by the Operator , immediately cease its use of any such domain name and transfer any such domain name to the Operator or to a third party elected by the Operator .
2.3.7In the event the Affiliate does register any domain name referred to in clause 2.3.5 , the Operator reserves the right to withhold payments due to the Affiliate until such time as the provisions of clause 2.3.6 have been met to the Operator 's satisfaction .
Should the Affiliate fail to comply within a reasonable time of the Operator 's request to do so , or fail altogether to comply with the provisions of clause 2.3.6 and/or the Operator 's instructions in this regard , without prejudice to any of its rights pursuant to applicable legislation , any outstanding payments due from the Operator to the Affiliate shall be forfeirted and the Operator may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect .
2.3.8The Affiliate shall not place , purchase or register pre-click ' bids , keywords , search terms or any other identifiers for use in any search engine , portal , sponsored advertising service or other search or referral service which are identical , are similar or otherwise resemble any of the Company IP including without limitation the Licensed Marks .
This includes , and is not limited to , any words containing , or derived from , the names of the Sites or the brands used on them , and any typo errors or phonetics of them .
2.3.9The Affiliate shall immediately cease to use all Company IP including without limitation the Licensed Marks upon being notified to do so by the Operator ( either by electronic or written notification ) or on any termination of this Agreement .
2.4.1The marketing opportunity presented in the AUAP is for commercial use only , and the Affiliate , its family members , friends or associates may not make Deposits , directly or indirectly , through any of its Trackers for its or its own personal use or to increase the amounts payable to it under this Agreement by any act which involves Fraud .
2.4.3Transactions deemed by the Operator at its sole discretion to be made in violation of this provision will be deemed Fraud traffic and the Operator will deduct applicable Deposits or traffic from the amounts payable to the Affiliate hereunder .
2.5.1The Affiliate acknowledges and agrees that all data relating to the Customers shall be and remain the Operator 's exclusive property .
2.6Reservation of IP Rights
2.6.1The Affiliate acknowledges and agrees that : a ) the Operator and/or any of its group companies is the sole and exclusive owner of all intellectual property rights , including , without limitation , copyrights , in any marketing methods , campaigns , slogans , techniques , Affiliate arrangements , data , trade names , trade marks , brand names , domain names , websites , graphics and designs used by the Operator in connection with the Sites and/or the AUAP and/or otherwise ( Company IP ) ; and b ) the Operator is entitled to use the same in any way or manner at its sole discretion ; and it is entitled to maintain such Company IP confidential and withhold its disclosure to the Affiliate unless the Operator agrees otherwise .
2.6.1The Affiliate acknowledges and agrees that the Operator is the sole and exclusive owner of its Database , and that the Affiliate shall not make any direct or indirect use of such Database , nor retain a copy in any form or manner whatsoever of the Database , or market any goods or services to any Customer whose details appear in the Database ( including the transfer of such details to any third party ) , unless that Customer 's information is in the Affiliate 's possession or known by it prior to the execution of this Agreement .
THE AFFILIATE 'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
3.1Promotion and Link to Sites
3.1.1By joining the AUAP the Affiliate agrees to market , promote and refer potential Customers to the Sites , by creating and maintaining a unique link from its site to the Sites and by disseminating Promotional Mails received from the Operator .
3.1.2This link may be established with one or more of the Operator 's Banners and Text Links .
The Affiliate will be solely liable for the content and manner of its marketing and promotional activities .
All such activities must be conducted at all times in a professional and lawful manner and compliant with all legislation , regulations and codes of practice ( including without limitation relevant advertising codes of practice ) within the jurisdiction the Affiliate is operating from and also the various jurisdictions of the Customers and any related gambling legislation including but not limited to the UK Gambling Act 2005 .
3.1.3The Affiliate shall ensure that all marketing , advertising and promotions targeted at potential Customers in the United Kingdom or otherwise subject to regulation by the British Gambling Commission shall include the wording set out at 3.1.3.1 3.1.3.3 below .
3.1.3.218 + only ; and
3.1.3.3Terms and Conditions apply
3.1.4The Affiliate shall ensure that all marketing , advertising and promotions targeted at potential Customers registered in Italy shall include the logos and wording set out at 3.1.4.1 3.1.4.4 below .
3.1.4.1Two regulator logos ( as provided by the Operator ) ;
3.1.4.218 + only and/or the equivalent wording in Italian ;
3.1.4.3Company Name WHG ( International ) Ltd. and Licence N. 15038 ; and
3.1.5With the Operator 's written permission , the Affiliate may link directly to the Sites ' downloadable.exe file , and in such instance the Operator may ask the Affiliate to comply with additional relevant requirements .
3.2Approved Marketing and Layouts
3.2.1The Affiliate will promote the Sites solely by way of Approved Marketing and will not alter the appearance , design and content of the Operator 's approved Banners and Text Links and Promotional Mails unless it obtains the Operator 's prior written authorisation .
At the Affiliate 's request , the Operator will provide the Affiliate with a code that will enable it to post in its sites rotating banners from the Operator 's banner farm .
For the avoidance of doubt no marketing other than Approved Marketing shall be permissible and Banners and Text Links used by the Affiliate pursuant to this Agreement shall direct traffic only to the Operator 's Sites .
3.2.2The Affiliate agrees and acknowledges that the appearance and content of the Operator 's Banners and Text Links and Promotional Mails constitute the only authorised and permitted representation of the Sites .
3.3.1Participation as an Affiliate in the AUAP is only permitted if the proposed Affiliate is of the legal age for gambling determined by any applicable laws in the proposed Affiliate 's jurisdiction .
In any event and under any circumstances , participation in the AUAP shall not be permitted if the proposed Affiliate is under 18 years of age .
3.3.2The Operator reserves the right to obtain from the Affiliate appropriate identification that will provide evidence of its age and its account may be suspended until satisfactory proof of age is provided to the Operator .
3.3.3The Affiliate will not by itself , nor will it allow , assist or encourage others to , market and promote the AUAP or any of the Sites , directly or indirectly , to persons that are less than 18 years of age or such higher age as may apply as the legal age for gambling in the jurisdiction that it is targeting or operating within , or develop or implement marketing and promotion strategies in respect thereof .
3.4.1The Affiliate accepts sole responsibility for determining whether its participation in the AUAP is legal under any laws that apply to it .
The Affiliate understands that the Operator does not provide it with any legal recommendation or assurance regarding such legality .
The Affiliate should obtain independent legal advice in the applicable jurisdiction from which it is operating and/or to which it is marketing , if it has any doubts about the legality of its participation in the AUAP or the receipt of any payments from the Operator , under any applicable laws .
3.5.1The Affiliate will not engage in , allow , assist , promote , encourage or benefit from , directly or indirectly , any act or traffic that involves Fraud .
The Affiliate will act at all times to refrain from , immediately stop and not allow any act or traffic that involves Fraud or that it believes or should reasonably believe to potentially involve Fraud , or any act or traffic that the Operator informs the Affiliate is suspected by it , at its discretion , to involve or potentially involve Fraud .
3.5.2In the event that the Operator suspects Fraud it reserves the right to place restrictions on the Affiliate 's account including but not limited to suspending the Affiliate 's account and retaining all sums within the account as well as commencing a full investigation .
The Affiliate hereby gives the Operator its authorisation to inform the appropriate authorities or third parties of such an incident and only once the Operator is satisfied that the matter is resolved shall it remove any restrictions on the Affiliate 's account .
3.6.1The Operator does not allow any form of rake-backs in the AUAP .
The Affiliate will not offer any rake-back or so-called rake-back schemes whatsoever , or any similar schemes that offer or allow a portion of the Customer 's rake to be returned to the Customer in any form .
The Affiliate will also not advertise or be engaged with any site that offers rake-backs .
The Operator reserves the right to withhold any amounts due to the Affiliate if it believes the Affiliate was involved in any rake-back activity .
3.7.1The Affiliate will not market or promote any Site within or to persons from any Excluded Territories ; or be involved in any traffic coming from any Excluded Territories ; or allow , assist or encourage circumvention of any restriction put in place by the Operator and/or any Site in connection with Excluded Territories .
`` Excluded Territories '' include the territories indicated in the list below , which may be changed by the Operator from time to time .
IT IS THE AFFILIATE 'S DUTY TO CONSULT AND REGULARLY CHECK THIS AGREEMENT REGARDING ANY CHANGES TO THIS LIST .
The Excluded Territories are as follows :
THE UNITED STATES AND ITS TERRITORIES , ISRAEL , IRAQ , IVORY COAST , INDONESIA , INDIA , ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA , NETHERLANDS ANTILLES , ESTONIA , CYPRUS , KAHNAWAKE , BULGARIA , HONG KONG , PHILIPPINES , TURKEY , FRANCE AND ITS OVERSEAS DEPARTMENTS , CUBA , IRAN , MYANMAR ( BURMA ) , NORTH KOREA , SUDAN AND SYRIA .
3.8Sole Responsibility for the Affiliate 's Site
3.8.1The Affiliate will be solely responsible for the operation and content of its site , including for ensuring that materials posted on its site are not : ( i ) libellous , obscene , sexually explicit , violent or otherwise illegal ; ( ii ) actually or potentially infringing any rights of the Operator and/or any other third party ; or otherwise ( iii ) deemed , at the Operator 's sole discretion , unsuitable and so notified by the Operator .
The Affiliate will remove such content immediately upon the Operator notifying the Affiliate that any content is in breach of the above provisions .
The Affiliate will be solely responsible for ensuring that all the content of its site is original or otherwise is permitted to be published by the owner thereof and it shall obtain all licences to use any material not produced by it .
3.8.2The Affiliate will not make any claims , representations or warranties in connection with the Operator or any of the Sites , and it will not be authorised to make any commitment or assume any liability or obligation on the Operator 's behalf or on behalf of any of the Sites .
3.8.3The Affiliate agrees to ensure that its activities and its site will comply with all legislation , regulations and codes of practice in the jurisdiction that it is operating from and any other jurisdiction that a Customer or the Operator operate within .
3.8.4In the event that the Affiliate is found to be in breach of any legislation it agrees to indemnify the Operator for any costs relating to any legal proceedings , actions , disputes , damages and penalties .
3.9.1During the Affiliate 's participation in the AUAP , the Operator may disclose to the Affiliate or the Affiliate might otherwise obtain certain information which is either marked as or by its nature is confidential and proprietary to the Operator ( herein referred to as `` Confidential Information '' ) .
3.9.2The Affiliate shall keep all such Confidential Information in strict confidence and not use any part of it , directly or indirectly , for any purpose other than the purpose of this Agreement .
3.9.3Confidential Information shall not include any information that is generally known or available to the public , or information required to be disclosed by applicable law or any legal agency having jurisdiction over the Affiliate ( in which case the Affiliate will give the Operator immediate notice of such requirement ) .
3.10.1In addition and without derogating from any of the above , the Affiliate will not at any time by itself , nor will the Affiliate allow , assist or encourage others to , do any of the following :
3.10.1.1Use or cause Spamming .
3.10.1.2Do any act or omission that disparages the Operator or any of the Sites or that otherwise is damaging or is reasonably expected to be damaging to the Operator 's goodwill or to the goodwill of any Site or the Operator 's reputation .
3.10.1.3In any way alter , affect or interfere with the operation or accessibility of the Sites or any page thereof .
3.10.1.4Do any act which causes the Affiliate 's site or any other site to copy or resemble the look and feel of any of the Sites or attempt to pass as any of the Sites or create the impression that any such sites are the Sites or otherwise confuse potential Customers in connection therewith .
3.10.1.5Communicate , engage or become involved with any of the Sites , in any way , without the Operator 's prior written consent .
3.10.1.6Alter , redirect or in any way interfere with the operation or accessibility of the Sites or any page thereof .
3.10.1.7Intercept or redirect ( including via user-installed software ) traffic from or on any online website or other place that participates in the AUAP .
3.10.1.8Use any trade mark , business name or other intellectual property without the prior written approval from the relevant owner of the intellectual property right .
3.10.1.9Use in any manner whatsoever ( including without limitation on Banners and Text Links and within domain names ) the trade marks 32vegas , 32 vegas , 32V , any derivation thereof or any mark that is substantially , confusingly ( or likely to be confusing ) and/or colourably similar and any other mark from time to time advised by the Operator .
3.10.1.10Do any activity that in the Operator 's reasonable opinion would be deemed unsuitable , Fraudulent , erroneous , misrepresentative or inappropriate .
3.10.1.11In the event that the Affiliate is found to be in breach of the above , the Operator reserves the right to suspend the Affiliate 's account and will hold payment of all monies due to the Affiliate until it is satisfied that the matter is resolved and that the Affiliate is no longer in breach of any of the above .
If the Operator can not satisfy itself within a reasonable time that the matter has been resolved , it reserves the right to treat all payments or amounts due to the Affiliate as forfeited and to provide notice of immediate termination to the Affiliate .
THE OPERATOR 'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
4.1Registering and Tracking Customers
4.1.1The Operator will register the Affiliate 's Customers and track their play , and will calculate the amounts payable to the Affiliate in accordance with the applicable reward plan .
4.1.2The Operator reserves the right to manage the Sites to refuse new Customers or to close the accounts of existing Customers if necessary .
This will be at the Operator 's sole discretion in order to comply with any requirements it considers mandatory , including without limitation requirements concerning Fraud , unlawful activity , breach of the respective Site 's terms and conditions of use , or otherwise .
4.1.3The Operator may , from time to time , appoint third parties as designated parties whose websites shall be included , for the purposes of this Agreement , as Sites .
The Operator will make payments to the Affiliate in accordance with the applicable reward plan as detailed below .
The Operator will provide the Affiliate with remote online access to reports regarding Customer activity and the Revenue Reward generated ( if applicable ) .
The form , content and frequency of the reports will be subject to change at the Operator 's discretion .
The Operator will not be liable for the completeness or accuracy of any reports .
All telephone conversations between the Affiliate and any of the Operator 's staff may be recorded , and the Affiliate hereby consents to such recording .
Any recordings will be treated in the strictest confidence and the content may be used by the Operator in the event of a misunderstanding , dispute , or for training purposes .
IDENTITY VERIFICATION ; SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION
5.1.1It is the Operator 's policy to prohibit and actively prevent money laundering and any activity that facilitates money laundering or funding of terrorist or criminal activities .
The Operator will verify the Affiliate 's identity through the information provided by the Affiliate and by obtaining information from public sources and data .
The Operator will make its best efforts to reasonably ensure that it knows the true identity of any of its Affiliates .
Should the Operator be unable to adequately satisfy itself of the Affiliate 's identity , it shall not be obliged to provide the Affiliate with any information as regards the reasons for such failure to identify the Affiliate .
5.1.2For the avoidance of doubt , the Affiliate agrees that the Operator may use any personal information provided by the Affiliate for the purposes of verifying its identity in accordance with clause 17.1 .
The Affiliate agrees to provide the Operator with any supporting documents requested by it .
The Affiliate is aware that the Operator has the right to delay payments if supporting documents are not provided .
Supporting documents may include any or all of the following for individuals : valid passport copy ; valid driving licence copy ; a copy of a utility bill ; a letter of reference from the individual 's bank ; and a copy of a bank statement .
For a company , supporting documentation may include a copy of the company 's certificate of incorporation ; articles of association ( or equivalent document ) ; duly approved corporate resolution ; a certificate of good standing ; power of attorney ; and information regarding the identity of the beneficial owner of the company and the identity of the directors of the company .
REVENUE , PAYMENTS AND FEES
6.1In this section the Affiliate will find details of the following payment mechanisms .
The Payment mechanism which applies to the Affiliate will be indicated on the Affiliate 's application to join the AUAP or agreed with the Affiliate 's account manager ( as the case may be ) and shall be referred to herein as the Affiliate 's Reward plan :
B . Cost Per Acquisition ( CPA )
C. AFFUTD Sub-Affiliate Programme
D. Poker Gross Revenue Reward
The Revenue Reward model is derived from the Online Gaming Products and from the Sportsbook , the calculation of which is described below .
For the avoidance of doubt , each component of the Revenue Reward model may be calculated to be a negative figure .
However , if the sum of both such components results in a negative number , the Affiliate 's total Revenue Reward for the relevant calendar month shall be zero , and no reverse ' payment shall be due from the Affiliate to the Operator .
The Operator offers a revenue share model across all of its Online Gaming Products and Sportsbook .
This is a model based on the number of new Customers referred per calendar month in relation to the Online Gaming Products and Sportsbook .
Revenue Reward Plan Table
First 3 calendar months from date of joining AUAP : Percentage of Net Gaming Revenue
4th calendar month onwards unless agreed otherwise in writing by the parties : Percentage of Net Gaming Revenue*
Casino ( including Live Casino )
* At any time where 3 calendar months have passed without the Affiliate directing any Customers to the Operator 's Sites , the default Revenue Reward set out in the table above and any other Revenue Reward agreed by the parties in writing at any time shall no longer apply and instead shall be set at 5 % of all Online Gaming Products and Sportsbook .
For the purposes of the table above , Net Gaming Revenue shall mean Poker Net Revenue , Casino Net Revenue Bingo Net Revenue , or Sportsbook Net Revenue , as appropriate .
B . Cost Per Acquisition ( CPA )
If the Affiliate is interested in the Cost Per Acquisition ( CPA ) reward plan , it should contact its account manager .
Specific conditions which apply to the Affiliate 's CPA Reward plan will be set by the Affiliate 's account manager and will be set out on the Affiliate 's application to join the AUAP or otherwise agreed in writing with the Operator ( as the case may be ) .
The following general terms and conditions will apply to all CPA Reward plans ( unless agreed to the contrary with the Affiliate 's account manager ) :
( 1 ) In any event of a Chargeback , credit or suspected underage gambler ( proven or not verified to be over 18 ) , such a Customer will not be considered for the purpose of the CPA plan , and any CPA Payment made to the Affiliate in respect of such Customer shall be deducted from future payments to the Affiliate .
( 2 ) A CPA Payment will be due and payable to the Affiliate in respect of a qualifying Customer only upon : ( a ) the first registration of such Customer in one of the Sites ; ( b ) the depositing of the minimum required amount ; and ( c ) the placing of the minimum stake as set out in the Affiliate 's AUAP account .
The depositing of any such minimum amount may be made once or in a cumulative manner in accordance with the criteria set out in the Affiliate 's AUAP account .
Any subsequent activities of such Customer in that Site or in other Sites , including playing different games in that Site or in other Sites ( for example , playing Poker after Casino games ) , will not entitle the Affiliate to any payment in respect of such activities .
A CPA Payment will be paid to the Affiliate only once for each qualifying Customer , regardless of the number of Sites and/or number or type of games played by that Customer .
The Operator shall not pay any CPA to Affiliates for UK Sportsbook Customers directed to its Sites on the day of the Grand National race and on the day preceding such race .
C. AFFUTD Sub-Affiliate Programme - Reward Plan & Reward Plan Structure
Any person or entity that is introduced to the AUAP by the Affiliate , and joins the AUAP as an Affiliate by submitting to the Operator the standard application form through the Sub-Affiliate link on the AUAP site ( from such time that the same is made available ) will be considered to be the Affiliate 's Sub-Affiliate and tracked as such .
Any Sub-Affiliate will be treated as a regular Affiliate in the AUAP and will be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement , and the Affiliate will be liable to the Operator , jointly with any Sub-Affiliate , for the performance of that Sub-Affiliate 's obligations under this Agreement .
To reward the Affiliate for obtaining Sub-Affiliates and to incentivise the Affiliate to obtain additional Sub-Affiliates , in addition to paying the Sub-Affiliate ( as an Affiliate of the Operator ) the rewards set forth in this Agreement , the Operator will also pay the Affiliate an additional reward in respect of the payments made to the Sub-Affiliate , as set out in the table below .
Revenue Levels ( Webmasters ) Referral Bonus Level
1st Tier 2.0 %
2nd Tier 1.5 %
3rd Tier 1.0 %
4th Tier 0.8 %
5th Tier and up 0.1 %
All of the Affiliate 's Sub-Affiliates are the Operator 's Affiliates and , as such , will be entitled to payments according to one of the Reward plans described in sections A B above .
Being the Operator 's Affiliates who are party to this Agreement , they will also be entitled to introduce to the Operator their own Sub-Affiliates , each of whom will automatically also be considered as the Affiliate 's indirect Sub-Affiliate .
As a result , the Affiliate may have `` under it '' a chain of Sub-Affiliates , each constituting a certain `` Tier '' in relation to it .
The reward table above shows the percentage the Affiliate will be entitled to receive from the payments made by the Operator to the relevant Sub-Affiliate .
D. Poker Gross Revenue Reward
The Poker Gross Revenue Reward Model* is based on the following calculation :
A percentage share of the Poker Gross Revenue with subsequent deduction of any Poker bonuses Customers have received on the basis of percentages agreed in writing with the Operator .
*When choosing the Poker Gross Revenue Reward model , Poker Side Games Revenue Reward will be calculated as 10 % of the amount of Casino bets placed by Customers in the relevant calendar month less the Casino winnings .
6.2Final and Binding Data and Calculations
All calculations in connection with the amount payable to the Affiliate , whether under the Revenue Reward or the CPA Reward plans , will be made by the Operator and based solely on its systems ' data and records , and its calculations will be final and binding .
6.3Change of Reward plan
The Operator reserves the right to change the Affiliate 's chosen Reward plan upon notice to the Affiliate .
Any such change will take effect from the date of such notice .
6.4Business by Other Persons
You shall have no claims to Revenue Reward , CPA Payment , or other compensation on business secured by or through persons or entities other than yourself .
6.5The Affiliate 's Losses as a Customer
If the Affiliate is also a Customer in one of the Sites , the Operator reserves the right to exclude the Affiliate 's losses or rakes as a Customer in the Revenue Reward due to the Affiliate .
Exit Traffic will be considered as regular traffic for the purpose of calculating the Affiliate 's Revenue Reward ( if applicable ) .
At the start of every calendar month , the Operator will make available to the Affiliate in his AUAP account a statement showing any balance due to the Affiliate ( if any ) in respect of the previous calendar month .
Such statement of account will be deemed to have been accepted and agreed by the Affiliate if the Operator does not receive any comments as to the accuracy of the statement within two weeks of the date of such statement .
The Affiliate will be paid its relevant payment under its Reward plan on a calendar monthly basis by way of the Affiliate 's chosen currency and payment method ( where available ) , provided the amount payable to the Affiliate is not less than ( a ) US $ 5 ( or equivalent amount in the relevant currency ) where the Affiliate is using a MoneyBookers , Web Money , PayPal , Neteller system and/or other e-payment system made available by the Operator ; and/or ( b ) not less than US $ 200 ( or equivalent amount in the relevant currency ) where the Affiliate is paid by wire transfer .
If these minimum amounts are not reached in a particular calendar month , the Operator will be entitled to withhold payment and carry the amount due to the Affiliate to the next calendar month and so on , until the minimum amounts are reached .
All payments will be due and paid in Euros or in any other currency at the Operator 's discretion .
The Operator will transfer funds only to the designated account detailed on the Affiliate 's application form .
Third party wire transfers are prohibited by the Operator .
6.8Taxes and Other Charges
The Affiliate is fully responsible for all taxes , fees and other costs incidental to and arising from any payments made to it under this Agreement , including without limitation any processing fees .
The Affiliate will indemnify and reimburse the Operator for any costs , expenses or losses that may be caused to it as a result of any claim or demand made by any governmental or other authority , with regard to tax withholding obligations or similar obligations to which the Operator may be subject in connection with making payments to the Affiliate .
The Operator will be entitled to withhold or set-off any such amounts from the payments made to the Affiliate .
The credit card processing fees applicable to Customers , as well as other processing fees as may from time to time be be applicable in the future , will be deducted from the Casino Net Revenue , Poker Net Revenue , Poker Gross Revenue or Bingo Net Revenue , as applicable , from which the Affiliate 's Revenue Reward is derived .
Current blended processing fees for all payment methods available to Customers ( including without limitation credit card , debit card , wire transfer , cheques , Ukash and Paysafecard ) are 4 % -6 % of all Deposits .
Such fees , however , are subject to change at any time .
If a Chargeback or Credit occurs during the fee payment-processing period ( usually 12 business days ) , the Operator reserves the right to deduct such amounts and the associated fees from the amounts due to the Affiliate under the Revenue Reward plan .
Any Chargeback or Credit to a Customer in respect of which the Affiliate has chosen the CPA reward plan will disqualify such Customer and the Affiliate will not be entitled to any payment with respect to such Customer .
6.11Right to Withhold Amounts
6.11.1The Operator reserves the right to withhold all amounts due and payable to the Affiliate under this Agreement if it believes that any Fraud has taken place or is contemplated which involves the Affiliate , whether or not the withheld amounts relate to the event in question .
If the Operator believes that a Fraud has taken place or is contemplated by any Customer without the Affiliate 's knowledge , it will be entitled to withhold any amounts due to the Affiliate in connection with such Fraud .
The Operator will also be entitled , in the foregoing events , to set-off from future amounts payable to the Affiliate any amounts already received by the Affiliate which can be shown to have been generated by Fraud .
6.11.2The Operator does not support any kind of content stealing or copying ( site scraping ) or any breach of any intellectual property rights , and it reserves the right to suspend and if necessary terminate the Affiliate 's account with it , if it is proven that the Affiliate is responsible for using such methods , and/or to transfer the amounts payable to the Affiliate to the original content creator and/or intellectual property rights holder .
6.11.3The Operator reserves the right to delay or withhold payments if any supporting documents relating to the payments to be made to the Affiliate and/or those referred to in clause 5.2 of this Agreement are not promptly provided to it upon request .
6.11.4If the Operator determines , at its sole discretion , that the Affiliate has engaged in any activity forbidden in this Agreement , including without limitation activity that involves Excluded Territories , or that the Affiliate has otherwise breached any of its representations , warranties or undertakings in this Agreement , the Operator may ( without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to it ) withhold any amounts due and payable to the Affiliate hereunder , whether or not generated by such forbidden activity or breach and further suspend or terminate the Affiliate 's account at its discretion .
6.12.1A negative balance in the Affiliate 's Affiliate account with the Operator means that in any calendar month the total of all bets generated on the Affiliate 's Trackers is less than the total sum of all winnings and bonuses generated on the Affiliate 's Trackers .
6.12.2The Operator has a negative carry-over policy , meaning that any negative balance in the Affiliate 's Affiliate account will be carried over to subsequent months and will be set-off against the payments due to the Affiliate in the subsequent months , until the full negative balance is thus set-off .
7.1.1This Agreement will come into force when the Affiliate 's application to join the AUAP is approved by the Operator , and shall continue in force unless and until either the Affiliate or the Operator notifies the other in writing that it wishes to terminate this Agreement , in which case this Agreement will be terminated immediately .
7.1.2For the purposes of notification of termination , delivery via e-mail is considered a written and immediate form of notification .
7.1.3Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 7.1.1 above , the Operator may immediately terminate this Agreement if it determines , at its sole discretion :
7.1.3.1that the Affiliate or any of its Customers are engaged in Fraud or are suspected of being engaged in Fraud ;
7.1.3.2that it has doubts in respect of the Affiliate 's true identity and that the Affiliate is unable to provide the Operator with appropriate identification to effectively verify the Affiliate 's identity ;
7.1.3.3that any of the Affiliate 's activities pose a risk to the integrity of the AUAP ;
7.1.3.4that the Affiliate 's site is aimed at minors ( below the age of 18 or a higher age as determined in any applicable jurisdiction ) ;
7.1.3.5that the Affiliate 's site is aimed at or operates within the Excluded Territories ;
7.1.3.6that the Affiliate 's site promotes discrimination based on race , sex , religion , nationality , disability , sexual orientation or age ; violates the intellectual property rights ( including the Operator 's , those of any Sites or those of any third party ) ; includes content which is libellous , obscene , sexually explicit or violent ; promotes any unlawful activities ; or at the Operator 's discretion is deemed unsuitable or inappropriate ;
7.1.3.7that the Affiliate site is in breach of any applicable law and/or applicable advertising code of practice ; and/or
7.1.3.8that there is no activity in the Affiliate 's account for forty five days , in which case this Agreement will be deemed to have been terminated by the Affiliate without notice .
7.2.1Immediately following the termination of this Agreement for any reason , the Affiliate must remove all of the Operator 's Banners and Text Links from its site , as well as any other Marks , names , symbols , logos , designs or any other material , graphics and content owned , developed , licensed or created by the Operator and/or provided to the Affiliate by the Operator in connection with this Agreement .
The Affiliate must also disable any links from its site to any Site , and stop any activity relating to Promotional Mails .
All rights and licences granted to the Affiliate in this Agreement shall immediately terminate .
7.2.2If the Affiliate has failed to fulfil its obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement , the Operator will not pay the Affiliate the Revenue Reward otherwise owing to the Affiliate on termination or thereafter , where applicable .
7.2.3The Operator may withhold the Affiliate 's final payment for a reasonable time to ensure that the correct amount is paid and that there are no debts or liabilities owing from you to it .
The Operator will be entitled to deduct from any payments due and payable to the Affiliate , any such debts and liabilities due to it , if any .
7.2.4Any continued access and use by Customers of any of the Sites following the termination of this Agreement ( if any ) shall not constitute continuation or renewal of this Agreement or a waiver of its termination .
For the avoidance of doubt , no additional payments will be due from the Operator to the Affiliate in relation to the same .
7.2.5Notwithstanding deemed termination pursuant to clause 7.1.3.7 , any account unused for withdrawals , or otherwise inactive , for a period of at least thirty six ( 36 ) consecutive months will be an Inactive Account .
The Operator shall notify the Affiliate that its account is an Inactive Account and that the Inactive Account Fee will be deducted if the Affiliate does not reactivate its account ( Inactive Account Notice ) .
The Operator shall be entitled to retain fifty ( 50 ) percent of the total balance remaining on the Inactive Account ( Inactive Account Fee ) after 14 days have elapsed from the date of the Inactive Account Notice .
Should the Affiliate subsequently fail to withdraw the remaining balance from the account , the Operator shall be entitled to retain the remainder of the balance on the account without further notice to the Affiliate upon expiry of 45 days from the date of the Inactive Account Notice .
7.2.6The following clauses shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason : 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 , 2.3.7 , 2.3.8 , 3.9 , 9 , 11 , 12 , 17.1 , 17.3 , 17.9 .
THE AFFILIATE 'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Without derogating from , and in addition to , any of the Affiliate 's other representations , warranties , covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement , the Affiliate hereby represents and warrants to the Operator the following :
8.1the execution , delivery and performance by the Affiliate of this Agreement and the completion by the Affiliate of the transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or violate any provision of law , rule , regulation or agreement to which the Affiliate is subject to ;
8.2the Affiliate is not under the age of either ( i ) 18 , or ( ii ) the age at which gambling activities are legal under the law of the jurisdiction that applies to it , whichever is greater ; and the Affiliate is not a resident of any of the Excluded Territories ;
8.3the Affiliate is not involved in or does not intend to be involved in or is not aware of any act or traffic that involves its site and that constitutes or can be reasonably expected to constitute Fraud or illegal activity , including but not limited to money laundering , under any applicable law , rule or regulation ; and
8.4by participating in the AUAP , the Affiliate acknowledges that it does not find the Operator 's services to be offensive , objectionable or unfair in any way .
Without limiting any of the Operator 's rights and remedies hereunder or under any applicable laws , the Affiliate agrees to defend and hold the Operator and its shareholders , directors , officers , employees , agents and other representative harmless , and to immediately indemnify them upon their written demand , against any and all liabilities , losses , damages , costs and expenses , including reasonable legal fees , resulting from , arising out of , or in any way connected with :
9.1any breach by the Affiliate of any warranty , representation , or agreement or clause contained in this Agreement ;
9.2the performance of the Affiliate 's duties and obligations under this Agreement ; and
9.3any claim or demand by a third party relating to the development , operation , maintenance or content of the Affiliate 's website , including ( for the avoidance of doubt , but without limitation ) the content on it , its domain name , metatag or any adword or other search engine optimisation tool connected to it .
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT , THE OPERATOR MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE AUAP OR TO ANY ARRANGEMENTS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WITH REGARD TO THEIR FUNCTIONALITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , SUITABILITY , MERCHANTABILITY , LEGALITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT .
IN ADDITION , THE OPERATOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE AND IT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS .
NO LIABILITY FOR PROMOTED SITES
The Operator is not liable in any way , nor does it assume any responsibility for or make any representations or warranties with regard to , any of the Sites , their operations , content or any other aspect related thereto .
12.1ANY LIABILITY TO THE AFFILIATE ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AUAP IS LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES ONLY .
THE OPERATOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT , SPECIAL , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANY KIND , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF BUSINESS , PROFITS , REVENUE , CONTRACTS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS , OR ARISING FROM LOSS , DAMAGE OR CORRUPTION OF ANY DATA , EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES .
12.2IN ANY EVENT AND UNDER ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCES , THE OPERATOR 'S AGGREGATE AND TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AUAP WILL NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE OF ALL PAYMENTS MADE TO THE AFFILIATE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OVER THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY .
12.3Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to provide any rights , remedies or benefits to any person or entity not a party to this Agreement .
12.4Nothing in this Agreement shall serve to limit the Operator 's liability to the Affiliate for death or personal injury caused by the Operator 's negligence , or for fraud .
12.5FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT , IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPERATOR BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM BETWEEN THE AFFILIATE AND ANY USER OF THE AFFILIATE 'S WEBSITE .
13.1The relationship between the parties to this Agreement is that of independent contractors and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a joint venture , partnership , employment , agency or similar arrangement between the parties .
No party possesses the power or authority to bind the other , or to assume or create any obligation or responsibility , expressed or implied , on behalf of the other , and no party shall represent to anyone that it possesses such power or authority , except to the extent that such is required for the performance of the obligations of each party as detailed in this Agreement .
13.2The Affiliate will have no authority to make or accept any offers , representations or obligations on the Operator 's behalf .
The Affiliate will not make any statement , whether on its site or otherwise , that could be reasonably construed to contradict the foregoing .
13.3The Affiliate agrees to indemnify the Operator for any and all payments that it is required to make to any of the Affiliate 's employees in the event that any judgment is imposed on the Operator by a Court or Tribunal stating that an employer-employee relationship existed between the Operator and the Affiliate 's employees .
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
14.1THE AFFILIATE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREES TO ALL OF ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
14.2THE AFFILIATE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE OPERATOR MAY AT ANY TIME ( DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ) SOLICIT CUSTOMER REFERRALS ON TERMS THAT MAY DIFFER FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT , OR OPERATE OR CONTRACT WITH WEB SITES THAT ARE SIMILAR TO OR COMPETE WITH THE AFFILIATE 'S SITE .
14.3THE AFFILIATE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF PARTICIPATING IN THE AUAP AND THAT IT IS NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION , GUARANTEE , OR STATEMENT OTHER THAN THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT .
15.1The Operator may amend any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement , at any time and at its sole discretion , by posting the amended agreement on the `` Terms & Conditions '' page on the Affiliates United Website .
Any changes will take effect from the date specified at the head of the Agreement and the Affiliate is solely responsible for making itself aware of any such amended versions and changes .
It is important , therefore , that the Affiliate logs in from time to time to the section of the Affiliates United Website relating to Affiliates ' to check to see whether an amended version has been posted to the Affiliates United Website , or carry out such checks by other relevant means .
Amendments may include , for example , changes in the reward amounts payable under this Agreement , payment procedures , and restrictions on operation and any other AUAP rules .
None of the Operator 's employees , officers or agents may orally amend , modify or waive any provision of this Agreement .
15.2IF ANY AMENDMENT IS UNACCEPTABLE TO THE AFFILIATE , THE AFFILIATE 'S ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT .
THE AFFILIATE 'S CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE AUAP FOLLOWING THE OPERATOR 'S POSTING OF ANY AMENDED AGREEMENT ON ITS SITE WILL CONSTITUTE A BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE AMENDED AGREEMENT , WHETHER OR NOT THE AFFILIATE HAS ACTUALLY LEARNED OF OR READ THE RELEVANT CHANGES .
16.1The Affiliate shall at all times comply with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 , as amended , and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 and all other applicable data privacy rules , laws and regulations anywhere in the world .
17.1Use of the Affiliate 's Personal Information
17.1.1The Affiliate acknowledges that its personal information ( meaning any information about it from which it can be personally identified , such as its name , address , telephone number or email address ) may be used by the Operator for the following purposes :
17.1.1.1To set up and maintain the Affiliate 's account with the Operator ; and for the provision of the services to which this AUAP relates ;
17.1.1.2to Comply with relevant regulations regarding the Affiliate 's registration with the Operator , including verifying the information which the Affiliate provides to it ;
17.1.1.3to monitor activities in order to detect fraudulent or otherwise unlawful , criminal or improper activities ( including money laundering ) and breaches of this AUAP ; and to investigate and/or prevent any such activities ; to report any such activities to any relevant authorities and/or other online gambling and gaming operators or other online service providers ;
17.1.1.4to keep the Affiliate informed of future events , offers and promotions in relation to its account ; and to provide the Affiliate with important information about its account ;
17.1.1.5for any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of the Operator 's contractual obligations to the Affiliate , or for enforcing the Affiliate 's compliance with its contractual obligations to the Operator .
17.1.2The Affiliate hereby consents to the use of its personal information as set out in clause 17.1.1 above by the Operator , including the disclosure by the Operator to relevant third parties for such purposes , including ( without limitation ) to :
17.1.2.1identify and/or age verification agencies , and/or credit checking agencies ;
17.1.2.2relevant authorities , other online gambling and gaming operators , other online service providers , banks , credit card companies , electronic payment providers or other financial institutions , and the Affiliate hereby agrees to cooperate fully with the Operator in respect of any such investigations of activities which it or any such third party may carry out .
17.2Remedies and Injunctive Relief .
The Operator 's rights and remedies hereunder shall not be mutually exclusive , i.e. , the exercise of one or more of the Operator 's rights or remedies in connection with this Agreement shall not preclude the exercise of any other right or remedy .
The Affiliate acknowledges , confirms and agrees that damages may be inadequate for a breach or a threatened breach of this Agreement and , in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Affiliate of any provision of this Agreement , the Operator 's rights and obligations may be enforceable by specific performance , injunction , or other equitable remedy .
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or affect any of the Operator 's rights at law , contract or otherwise , for a breach or threatened breach of any provision of this Agreement , it being the intent of this provision to make clear that the Operator 's respective rights and obligations shall be enforceable in equity as well as at law or otherwise .
17.3Governing Law and Jurisdiction .
17.3.1The construction , validity and performance of this Agreement will be governed by English law .
17.3.2This however , shall not prevent the Operator from bringing any action in a Court of any jurisdiction for injunctive or similar relief .
17.3.3The English language version of this Agreement will prevail over any other language version issued by the Operator .
Whenever possible , each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but , if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid , illegal or unenforceable in any respect , such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the other provisions of this Agreement which will remain in full force and effect .
17.5Contracts ( Rights of Third Parties ) Act 1999
Save where a third party has been designated by the Operator to promote a website pursuant to clause 4.1.3 , the parties do not intend that the terms of this Agreement shall be enforceable by any person who is not a party to this Agreement and therefore the Contracts ( Rights of Third Parties ) Act 1999 shall not apply to this Agreement .
The Operator 's failure to enforce the Affiliate 's strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of its right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provision of this Agreement .
The Affiliate may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any part thereof without the Operator 's prior written consent .
This Agreement constitutes the complete understanding and agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations , understandings , agreements , representations and warranties of any nature whether or not in writing between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement .
THIS VERSION DATED AND EFFECTIVE FROM : 1st December 2013

Last Updated on 20 June 2013
Agoda.com is owned and operated by Agoda Company Pte . Ltd. ( `` Agoda '' or `` we '' ) .
References to the Site are deemed to include derivatives thereof , including but not necessarily limited to mobile websites and applications .
By visiting the Site , you are consenting to the collection , use , disclosure and processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy .
All data that we collect and process is stored on servers located in Hong Kong SAR , a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country .
On occasion , Agoda may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law , our Personal Data collection and use practices , the features of our Site , or advances in technology .
If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Data , those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy .
Therefore , you should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices .
Agoda will also prominently post such material changes prior to implementing the change .
If you do not agree with any changes or modifications to the Privacy Policy , please do not continue using the Site .
You will be deemed to have consented to any modification of the Privacy Policy when you use the Site after the effective date of the modification .
We collect Personal Data about you that you provide to us while using the Site .
Personal Data may include your name , address , phone number , credit card number , e-mail address , hotel name , hotel location and/or length of stay .
We also collect non-personally identifiable information , which may be linked to your Personal Data , including your log-in name , IP address , geographic data , operating system type , nationality and password , and search preferences related to specific searches , as well as other generic Internet usage related data .
Protecting Your Personal Data
To prevent unauthorized access , we maintain reasonable physical , electronic and organizational procedures to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , or unauthorized disclosure or access .
To protect credit card transactions , Agoda.com currently uses Secure Socket Layer technology to encrypt credit card information during transit .
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use Personal Data and other information collected through the Site ( a ) to register you with the Site and our Agoda Rewards program as requested by you , ( b ) to provide you with the requested products and services ( mainly to process your reservation ) , ( c ) to provide you with information about our products and services on the Site or on other websites and to communicate with you to the extent necessary to provide such requested products and services , ( d ) to build features that will make the services available on the Site easier to use and ( e ) for an improved user experience and general optimization purposes .
This includes faster purchase requests , better customer support and timely notice of new services and special offers .
From time to time , Agoda may contact you to request feedback on your experience in using the Site , to assist us in improving the Site , or to offer special savings or promotions to you as a Site user , where you have indicated your consent to receiving such communications .
If you would prefer not to receive notices of special savings or promotions , you may simply opt out from receiving those by replying to Agoda using the hyperlink provided in these notices .
Sharing Your Personal Data
Agoda may share your Personal Data with third parties we appoint to perform services on our behalf , such as web hosting services , data analysis , to market our products and services , also on websites of such third parties , to handle credit card transactions and to otherwise provide you with customer service .
All such third parties will be under an obligation to maintain the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data , and to process the Personal Data only in accordance with our instructions .
In some cases , Agoda may require that you transact directly with a third party to obtain services , or when you use the Site to reserve a hotel room or obtain another product or service , we may provide your Personal Data to that hotel or other involved third party .
Save for disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy or as required by law in any relevant jurisdiction as mentioned below and the disclosure of your Personal Data and information required for completing your booking with the relevant hotel of your choice and the sharing of certain Personal Data with selected partners where relevant ( your details will be used for reporting and analysis purposes only ) , we will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties without your consent .
However , we reserve the right to disclose your Personal Data to our affiliated ( group ) companies ( in and outside your home country ) , including our affiliated ( group ) companies ' employees and our trusted agents and representatives who have access to this information with our permission and who need to know or have access to this information to perform the service requested by you ( including customer services ) and internal ( audit/compliance ) investigations .
Agoda may , in compliance with applicable law , disclose Personal Data to protect ourselves against liability , to respond to subpoenas , judicial processes , legitimate requests by law enforcement officials , or as otherwise required or necessary in order to comply with applicable law , or to the purchasers in connection with any sale , assignment , or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company .
We may also , in compliance with applicable law , disclose Personal Data to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services or to protect the rights , property or safety of Agoda , our users or others .
In the situations described above , the recipient of the Personal Data may be located in a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction .
Our Policy Concerning Cookies and Pixel Tags
Our Site uses session and persistent cookies as well as pixel tags ( also called clear gifs ) to collect and store certain information about you .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your computer from the Site and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Session cookies are necessary to keep you logged in during your visit to the Site and they disappear from your computer when you close the browser .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after the browser has been closed , but can be deleted at any time through your browser settings .
By visiting our Site , you consent to the usage of cookies and pixel tags as described below .
If you want to prevent your browser from accepting cookies , if you want to be informed whenever a cookie is stored on your computer or if you want to delete cookies from your computer , please make the necessary changes in your Internet browser settings , typically under the sections Help or Internet Options .
If you disable or delete cookies in your Internet browser settings , you might not be able to access important functions or features of this Site , you will be required to re-enter your log-in details and your use of the Site may be limited .
Please also note that opting out of a third party cookie ( see below ) does not mean that you will no longer receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis .
It means that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns .
Please also note that if you clear all cookies on your browser , or use a different browser or computer , you will need to complete the opt-out procedure again .
Agoda uses a session cookie to keep you logged in throughout your visit to the Site .
Agoda uses persistent cookies to `` personalize '' the Site for each user by remembering information about the user 's visit to the Site , e.g. , the language you selected , your log-in details so that you do not need to re-enter them at your next visit to the Site and your search criteria and search results .
Agoda also uses persistent cookies or pixel tags to analyze your surfing behavior and your visit to the Site enabling us to improve the Site and our services and to tailor our advertising ( via email , on our Site , and on other websites ) according to the interests of our users .
Such cookies and pixel tags gather information about the pages you visited on the Site and the searches you performed .
Third party companies may use persistent cookies to analyze your surfing behavior on and your visit to this Site as well as other web sites enabling us to improve the Site and our services .
To opt out of collection of information by third parties for analytic purposes , please click on one or more of the following third party links :
See above for an explanation on our internal collection of information for analytical purposes .
Our third party advertising companies may place cookies or pixel tags on some of the pages you visit on the Site .
These cookies or pixel tags are designed to collect non-personally identifiable information in order to analyze your interests and searches when visiting our Site and to serve you advertisements specifically tailored to your interests and searches when you are visiting our Site or other websites .
The non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies and pixel tags may be shared with other third parties for purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis .
How You Can Access or Change Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you wish to update any Personal Data you have previously provided , or to exercise any right of access , rectification , deletion , or opposition to the processing of your Personal Data that you may have under applicable law , please contact us via our Customer Support page .
To protect your privacy and security , we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your Personal Data .
Any request to access your Personal Data will be answered within a reasonable timeframe .
You may also object to the processing of your Personal Data for purposes of advertising and market and opinion research .
If you wish to contact our customer service representatives about privacy issues via email , you may send an email to :
Alternatively , you may send a registered letter to the Agoda offices at the following address :
Privacy c/o Agoda Company Pte . Ltd .
20 Cecil Street # 14-01
You may also contact our customer service agents 24/7 via phone at the following number :
+44 20 3027 7900 ( international charges apply ) or any other number that we may advise from time to time .
A Special Note About Minors
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use the accommodation reservation services on our Site .
Minors can normally accompany their parent ( s ) or legal custodian who have booked an accommodation , except where indicated otherwise in the hotel policies .
This Privacy Policy has originally been drawn up in the English language .
Translations in other languages are available for your convenience .
In case of conflict between the English language version and a translated version , the English language version shall prevail .
Please consult the Agoda Terms of Use for more details on using our Site .
This Privacy Policy forms an integral part of our Terms of Use .

Privacy and data protection
Air Berlin PLC & Co. Luftverkehrs KG ( `` airberlin '' ) takes data protection extremely seriously .
Below please find our guidelines in respect of the protection of your personal data .
airberlin , Saatwinkler Damm 42-43 , 13627 Berlin Impressum/ Contact is the body responsible for website airberlin.com and the services associated with it .
Principles of data protection at airberlin
airberlin respects your privacy .
Our company will collect and use your personal data worldwide only in strict accordance with the law .
You can contact us at any time using the airberlin contact form or by writing to us at Air Berlin PLC & Co. Luftverkehrs KG , Saatwinkler Damm 42-43 , 13627 Berlin , should you have any questions or suggestions in respect of our data protection principles .
Our aim is to guarantee you maximum security and confidentiality at all times .
What data are collected and used by airberlin , for what purposes
airberlin will collect and use your data only for certain purposes determined by airberlin .
Use includes the appropriate permissible form of processing your data , in the sense of Germany 's Federal Data Protection Act ( BDSG ) , such as storing , modifying , forwarding , blocking , deleting and otherwise using .
In particular , this includes :
The provision of transportation and other bookable services
airberlin will collect and use your personal data , where required , to process and complete your flight booking , including any services associated with this ( such as registration at airberlin.com , the booking of additional services , etc . ) , or to help you with questions in respect of an online booking made on our website .
The data you must provide us with for this purpose is marked with an * .
It includes in particular your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number and payment details , such as credit card or bank details .
Any further data you provide voluntarily in association with your booking will help to improve the quality of our service .
In addition , airberlin will collect and use any data you provide to it for the following purposes :
To deal with enquiries about special offers for products and/or services ,
To enable us to provide general advice and deal with requests made to our service staff or on our website ,
To process your feedback given in online surveys ,
To deal with the take-up of special offers .
Sending of information & airberlin newsletters
As part of our customer relationship activities , we may send you general information by post , or information about services similar to those you have previously booked with us , via e-mail .
You may object to the use of your e-mail and/or postal address for promotional purposes at any time .
In addition , you can subscribe to our airberlin newsletter at any time , to receive general information tailored to your interests and find out about current special offers from airberlin and its partner companies via email .
To view our current partner companies , click here .
Information is sent using BACKCLICK e-mail marketing and newsletter software .
Further information can be found here .
You can withdraw your consent at any time .
Objections or withdrawals can be declared on the airberlin.com website or - where applicable - in the newsletter .
Declarations made via e-mail or the airberlin.com website will not cost you any more than your normal transmission fee .
To unsubscribe from a newsletter via the airberlin.com website , simply enter your e-mail address in `` Unsubscribe '' .
Information relating to how we handle your personal data in connection with our topbonus loyalty programme is available in our topbonus privacy policy .
Under what circumstances does airberlin pass on your personal data
airberlin will only pass on your personal data where permitted to do so by law or with your explicit agreement .
Your data may be forwarded to appropriate departments within airberlin or contractual partners of airberlin , such as other airlines , marketing partners , financial service providers or credit agencies that provide services for airberlin .
Other recipients of your data may include government institutions , in so far as airberlin is required to do so by law or an appropriate administrative order to do so exists .
If you are a member of the frequent flyer programme of a partner airline and would like a miles voucher for its frequent flyer programme to enable you to take an airberlin flight , or a codeshare flight with an airberlin flight number operated by the partner airline , airberlin will forward the data necessary to the company operating the selected programme to allow for this .
The data passed on will be restricted to that required to allow the miles voucher to be successfully redeemed .
In principle , this includes : your first and last names , frequent flyer number and booking details ( flight number , flight date , starting point , destination , booking class ) .
Forwarding of data relating to flights to non-EU countries
When landing in certain destination countries , airberlin is required by law to pass on certain information about passengers to the security services of the country in question .
Destination countries require airlines to pass on the following records , either individually or in combination :
`` Advanced Passenger Information '' , or API data
`` Passenger Name Record '' , or PNR data
`` Secure Flight '' .
The following countries which are served by airberlin currently require the submission of Advanced Passenger Information ( API ) : China , Denmark , Finland , Dominican Republic , Jamaica , Canada , Cuba , India , Mexico , Norway , Austria , Russia , Sweden , USA , United Kingdom and United Arab Emirates .
For flights crossing the Schengen zone border into the EU , the EU Member States can demand that API data are sent in advance .
The provision of this information to the authorities , in the case of Germany to the police authorities , is designed to make it easier to enter the country legally and at the same time prevent illegal entry .
airberlin deletes its API data once it has been passed on to the police authorities in Germany or to the foreign authorities , after an interval of maximum 48 hours .
API data include information about the passenger 's identity and details of travel documents .
The exact data record varies from one country to another .
Some countries also require information about the flight route and the number of passengers travelling together .
For flights between the USA and the EU , airberlin is required to forward the Passenger Name Record ( `` PNR '' ) to the customs authorities and the US Department of Homeland Security ( `` DHS '' ) .
The US customs authorities and the DHS use the data to defend against terrorism and combat cross-border crime .
The PNR contains travel and booing data , as well as information about the identity of the passenger .
In particular , the date on which the PNR was first compiled and any subsequent changes are recorded .
The PNR contains specific data relating to the flight ( inc. route , flight number , departure and arrival times , flight duration , aircraft type , booking class ) , information relating to the identity of the passenger or passengers ( name , address and contact number in place of residence and destination , information about certain supplementary services ) , information about the booking of the flight ( payment method , invoice address , frequent flyer entry , name of the booking agency , name of the employee , codeshare information ) , as well as other flight-related data , such as baggage tag numbers .
The EU and the USA have reached an agreement which forms the legal basis for the sharing of PNR data .
Germany has implemented the terms of this agreement in national law .
airberlin is therefore required to forward the data to the USA .
For flights between Canada and the EU , under an agreement reached between the EU and Canada , airberlin must add certain information contained in the PNR to the API and forward it to the Canadian security services .
For flights in and over the USA , airberlin is required to forward personal data such as the names , sex and date of birth of a passenger to the Transportation Security Administration .
If available , their `` Redress Number '' is also passed on .
The transportation authorities require the data to increase the safety of air traffic .
The transportation authorities are entitled to pass on the data to other US security services .
The legal basis is provided by the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act .
airberlin must also forward this data to the transportation authorities if the flight does not land in the USA , but flies through US air space .
For further information , click here
Upon written request and within an appropriate time frame , we will inform you of the nature of the data we have stored about you , the purpose of us storing it and any possible recipients or types of recipient of it .
Likewise , we will correct , delete and/or block personal data if requested to do so by you , within what is legally permissible for its further processing , if it is shown to be factually incorrect , incomplete or irrelevant for processing .
The airberlin.com website offers you a number of options for protecting your credit card details , details of your name , address and e-mail address , and other information provided by you .
airberlin takes great care to ensure that the customer data it collects is stored securely .
airberlin applies standard security measures - SSL encryption - via your browser .
Should you not wish to give your credit card details when booking online , you can also make your booking by phone or through our Service Center .
By using the airberlin website you accept that cookies are used as described below and that the pseudonymised data is saved for the purposes stated below even after your visit to the website has ended .
Permission to collect and store data using cookies may be revoked at any time with future effect by adapting your browser settings in such a way that your browser refuses to accept cookies .
Web analysis , Retargeting , Third party cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the website visitor 's internet browser .
Cookies allow the internet browser to be recognised .
There are different kinds of cookies , on the one hand , so-called session cookies , which are deleted once you close your browser , and on the other hand , temporary/permanent cookies , which are stored on your data carrier for a longer period of time or permanently .
On the one hand , airberlin uses session cookies , which are automatically deleted from the visitor 's hard drive at the end of the browser session ( end of the visit to the website ) .
Session cookies are needed , for example , to enable customers to make flight bookings which extend over several pages .
In addition to this , airberlin also uses cookies which are stored for a longer period of time on the website visitor 's hard drive .
When the airberlin.com website is visited the next time , these cookies then recognise that the user has visited the site before and which entries and settings were given preference on previous occasions .
These temporary or permanent cookies ( which may have a lifetime of up to a year ) are saved on the hard drive and are deleted automatically at the end of the specified time .
These cookies are intended to make the airberlin.com websites more user-friendly , more effective and more secure and to help them meet customers ' needs in the best possible way .
In order to do this , they make it possible , without personally identifying the website visitor , to address targeted advertising to each internet browser , where an interest has already been shown in certain products .
When a cookie is activated it is assigned a user ID .
Personal data such as name , IP address or similar data are not associated with this user ID in any way and this is also not the intention .
Only pseudonymised data is collected and saved using this cookie technology , such as which products are searched for , viewed or selected .
These record information on topics such as which web pages you have visited in the past or which products you have shown an interest in , so that adverts can be displayed which correspond as far as possible to the interests of the website visitor , without , of course , allowing the pseudonymised data to be linked to personal data .
It is possible that the data you have entered may be shared and used by third party suppliers through third party offers which we make available .
This will also only happen in anonymised form and no link can be made at any time to your personal data .
We work with various advertising partners on the basis of retargeting technologies .
These help us to constantly improve the product and services we offer .
In particular it allows us to address any internet browser which has already shown interest in our products with promotion campaigns , without personally identifying the visitor to the respective website .
Studies have shown that displaying interest-based advertising holds more appeal for internet users than advertising which is not necessarily related to the users interests .
With retargeting , the display of promotional material is related to a cookie-based analysis of behaviour on previous visits , when a user profile was created under a pseudonym .
Permission to collect and store data using cookies may be revoked at any time with future effect by disabling the use of cookies for the respective supplier via the following links :
In addition social plugins from the social networking site facebook.com ( which is run by Facebook Inc. , 1601 S. California Ave , Palo Alto , CA 94304 , USA ) are used ( `` Facebook '' ) .
These plugins are identified by a Facebook logo or the phrase `` Facebook Social Plugin '' .
When you access a page on our website that contains one of these plugins , your browser sets up a direct link to the Facebook server and Facebook transmits the content of the plugin directly to your browser , which then integrates the content into the web page .
This means that Facebook is informed that you have accessed the particular page of our website .
If you are logged into Facebook , Facebook can map the visit to your Facebook account .
When you use one of the Facebook plugins , for example the `` Like '' button or you post a comment , information to this effect is sent directly from your browser to Facebook and saved there .
Please read Facebook 's privacy policy to learn more about the purpose and amount of data collected , about the further use or distribution of the data by Facebook and about your rights in this respect and how to protect your privacy .
Please be aware that other websites , including those that can be accessed via our site , e.g . by hyperlink , may also record personal data .
If you have any queries or suggestions relating to our data protection regulations , please email us

Air Canada 's Privacy Protection Policy
TRUSTe online privacy certification
We understand the importance of protecting the personal information of our customers and our employees .
To earn and maintain your trust we have designed our policy to meet or exceed the requirements of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( PIPEDA ) and the ten principles set forth in the Canadian National Standard for the Protection of Personal Information .
In addition , we are constantly looking for new and better ways to secure your personal information and to ensure that it is used in a responsible and respectful manner .
Air Canada has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , you should first contact Air Canada 's Privacy Office as follows :
Air Canada Privacy Office
Law Branch ZIP YUL 1276
7373 Cote Vertu West
St. Laurent , Quebec H4Y 1H4
Telephone : ( 514 ) 422-6020
Facsimile : ( 514 ) 422-2641
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe .
Air Canada has a Privacy Office that is responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA .
Should you have any questions regarding this policy or concerns with respect to Air Canada 's compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA , you may contact contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the above address .
Identifying Purpose of Collection
When you purchase airline tickets or make a flight booking for yourself or someone else by contacting Air Canada reservations , by going to an IATA accredited travel agency , or by booking directly online you will be required to provide certain personal information to complete your transaction .
This may include name , address , telephone number , payment card number and expiry date .
The information is required to identify you , in order to contact you , if necessary and to complete the process of your purchase .
We also request your gender to assist in estimating the aircraft 's total load and as an additional identifier .
If you request a customized service we may also need to collect additional personal information as described below .
On some of Air Canada 's flights special meals to accommodate a range of dietary requirements are available .
Availability must be determined at the time you book your flight .
If you are able to make such a request the information must be recorded in your travel booking .
This information is then transferred to the applicable catering service as well as the flight crew .
In certain airports the ground handling is outsourced to another airline .
In that case , we would need to transfer your information to the handling airline .
If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline your special meal request will be transferred where the service is available .
Special Offers or Discounts
Air Canada offers special discounts to infants and children .
To assess your fare eligibility and ensure that your ticket is correctly processed we need to record the passenger 's date of birth at the time of booking .
At the airport , for verification , you are required to present personal identification with the date of birth of the passenger .
If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline your date of birth will also be transferred to that airline in order that you benefit from the discount .
We offer a range of travel services to customers with special needs .
We also do our best to make your travel with us as comfortable as possible .
Should you require special assistance such as the use of a wheelchair , or should you have a medical condition requiring the supply of oxygen on board , we need to record this information in your travel booking .
In certain situations an Air Canada doctor will need to contact your personal physician in order to ensure that all necessary precautions for your safety and enjoyment are taken .
This information will be forwarded to the airport staff as well as to the flight crew .
In certain airports we outsource the ground handling to another airline .
When that is the case , we need to transfer the information to the handling airline .
If your travel includes a transfer from Air Canada to another airline the requirement for special assistance may also be transferred so that the receiving airline can accommodate you as best as possible .
Safety is always a top priority at Air Canada .
To assure the safety of our passengers and crew we need to know of any special requirements for assistance .
This allows us to plan and reserve the seating arrangements to maximize safety .
Children between the ages of eight and eleven may travel alone on Air Canada .
However , the Unaccompanied Minor ( UM ) service is mandatory .
The UM service includes provisions for your child to be escorted by Air Canada agents and/or flight attendants from the moment they arrive at airport check-in until they reach their final destination .
You must request the service at time of booking by calling Air Canada Reservations .
Because of the additional security precautions necessary to protect your child , bookings for unaccompanied minors ( 8-11 years old ) can not be made online at aircanada.com .
Upon arrival at the airport , you will need to complete a `` Request for Carriage '' form .
The information on this form identifies your child and their flight itinerary , and includes the contact information of the person ( s ) meeting your child at final destination .
You will also need to provide the contact information and authorizing signature of the parent/guardian authorizing the request for travel .
This information is required in order to ensure the safety of your child .
As a customer of Air Canada you have the opportunity of accumulating points in one of a variety of frequent flyer programs .
In order to automatically credit your account with these points the information needs to be forwarded to the administrator of the applicable frequent flyer program .
This information includes time , date of flown segments , class of service and other personal information that may include : name , address and phone number , in order to identify you .
To fulfill these requirements we need to register the frequent flyer program name and your frequent flyer number on your booking .
Air Canada was one of the first airlines to use a customer loyalty program .
By joining aircanada.com you automatically join Aeroplan .
This program allows us to develop and recommend products and services based on an understanding of your interests and needs .
Aeroplan enables our customers to accumulate miles for segments flown on Air Canada or for services or products purchased from participating Aeroplan partners .
These miles are exchangeable for travel on Air Canada or on any of Aeroplan 's partner airlines .
To support this , Air Canada and Aeroplan are required to exchange information in order to ensure that your Aeroplan account is maintained and that miles are credited and debited correctly .
The information exchanged is limited to that which is required to fulfill the purpose .
In addition , being an Aeroplan member makes it easier for you to book a flight .
When you call Air Canada reservations and give your Aeroplan number , we can automatically transfer the information required to hold a flight booking from your Aeroplan account .
Information such as your seating preference and choice of meal can be kept on your Aeroplan profile .
To access your personal Aeroplan information on the Internet , we ask for your Aeroplan password .
This is a security precaution to ensure that your information is safeguarded .
You can request your password through the homepage of aircanada.com by clicking on 'Join now/Sign in ' then 'Forgot/Need a password ? ' .
A cookie is a small non-executable file that is stored on your hard drive for the purpose of identifying your computer .
While it is possible to make a booking at aircanada.com by having your browser 's Internet security set such that it will not accept cookies your online experience may be greatly reduced .
Air Canada uses both session cookies and permanent cookies at aircanada.com .
Session cookies are active only during the period you are logged on to aircanada.com website and are removed when you leave .
They help us track the sections of the website that you use to allow us to make improvements in keeping with observed user preferences .
Permanent cookies remain on your hard drive until you remove them through your browser 's Internet security settings .
Permanent cookies are used to store user preferences such as preferred language and thus eliminate your having to make the same entries on each visit .
Our cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , tracking utilities ) use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
Learn more about managing privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
Air Canada also uses Conversion Beacons ( small , simple snippet of HTML code ) inserted in the source of the designated website pages .
Conversion Beacon technology works by leveraging industry standard browser based cookie technology and simple standard html coding .
Email recipients who receive a Conversion Beacon enabled email message will receive a small unique cookie that is stored in their browser session .
This unique cookie is later used to connect the email recipient with the subsequent recipient activity on the client website .
The purpose of tracking the activity is to better understand the email flow of our subscribers and to measure the effectiveness of ads .
For this reason our Conversion Beacons are tied to personally identifiable information ( email address ) .
When you book your travel or join aircanada.com , you provide Air Canada with your implied consent to use your information to fulfill your request .
Air Canada email offers
When you book your travel at aircanada.com you are added to our email list that will be used to contact you occasionally with offers that we feel will be of interest to you .
If you do not want Air Canada to contact you with offers you may withdraw your consent at any time simply by changing your profile information and opting out of any or all of the email offers you no longer wish to subscribe to by clicking on 'email offers ' on the homepage .
If you later change your mind it is just as simple to opt back in to the email offers of your choice .
In addition , all emails sent to you by Air Canada contain simple instructions telling you how to `` unsubscribe . ''
Some information is collected automatically every time you visit aircanada.com ( e.g. , cookies and conversion beacons ) .
If you opt in to one or more of Air Canada 's email offers you are consenting to allow Air Canada to contact you regarding those offers .
You may withdraw your consent at any time simply by changing your profile information or by following the instructions on how to `` unsubscribe '' contained in all emails sent by Air Canada .
Third Party Bookings , Changes to Bookings and Air Canada Rewards for Business
If a third party , including a family member , friend , or work colleague , seeks to make a booking on your behalf , that party will be asked to provide us with the same personal information that we would normally collect from you directly in order to complete your transaction .
Unless and until we are advised otherwise , we consider that such third party has your consent and authorization to provide us with your personal information and make bookings ( and changes thereto ) on your behalf in accordance with this privacy policy .
Please note that the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information by a third party is subject to your dealings with them and any applicable privacy policies and practices they may have .
If a third party who has booked your current flight or other travel service or who otherwise has your full name and booking reference contacts us and seeks information on your booking or wishes to make changes to it , we will disclose your booking information and allow such third party to make changes as we will conclude that you have given them your consent to do so .
If you do not want an individual to be able to obtain information on or make changes to your booking , you should not share your booking reference with them .
Please also note that if you make your booking through the Air Canada Rewards for Business loyalty program that your employer , travel arranger , and other parties may be able to access certain information with respect to your bookings and make changes thereto .
For more information on the Air Canada Rewards for Business loyalty program , please consult the Air Canada Rewards for Business Questions and Answers .
Air Canada will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected .
Air Canada uses contractual and other means to ensure that your personal information is afforded protection that meets the requirements of PIPEDA whenever one of our third party service providers is used to perform services on our behalf , including , without limitation , services relating to information technology , data processing and storage , research , marketing , conducting surveys and customer relations .
Our third party service providers may contact you directly on our behalf to conduct research or surveys .
Research and survey data is reported back to Air Canada as aggregated data with no reference to individual customers .
These third parties may not use any personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes .
In some cases , Air Canada 's third party service providers , including third party service providers of information technology , data processing , marketing and data storage services , are located outside Canada .
As such , your personal information may be processed or stored in other countries , including the United States .
In certain circumstances , Air Canada 's third party service providers may be required to disclose information to government authorities , regulators , courts , or law enforcement in those countries .
Customers who do not wish to be contacted for research , marketing or survey purposes should advise Air Canada 's Privacy Office .
Limiting Use , Disclosure and Retention
Air Canada will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected without your explicit consent or as required by law .
You should understand that all airlines , including Air Canada , are required by new security laws in the U.S. and several other countries to give border control agencies access to passenger data .
Accordingly , any information we hold about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to customs and immigration authorities of any country in your itinerary .
Customer information is retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected .
When you join aircanada.com you can ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate and up to date .
You supply the information and if it should change , for example if your telephone number changes simply click on 'View/Update My Profile '' and make the necessary changes .
Personal information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet .
Depending on your web browser you may see a secure webpage indicator , for example a closed lock in the lower right hand corner of the Internet Explorer browser .
The use of Secure Socket Layer protocol ( SSL ) allows all personal information such as your payment card number , to be encrypted as it travels from your computer to Air Canada 's booking system .
Once received , the information is unencrypted and processed in the same way as a payment card transaction placed via the telephone .
Air Canada 's privacy practices are as outlined within this policy .
Should you have any questions or comments you may contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above .
With certain limited exceptions as provided in the PIPEDA you have a right to access your personal information held by Air Canada .
You may access your personal information held in your aircanada.com profile by clicking on 'View/Update My Profile ' on the homepage or by contacting the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above .
If you want access to your personal information on your travel booking through an Air Canada Call Centre you should have your booking reference number or your e-ticket number available to help us ensure that you are entitled to access the information .
If you have other queries you may contact the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above .
If you have any concerns regarding Air Canada 's compliance with the 10 principles of the PIPEDA you may address those concerns to the Air Canada Privacy Office at the address provided above .
Complaints concerning Air Canada 's compliance with PIPEDA are taken seriously and all complaints are investigated .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This policy takes effect on December 4 , 2004 and was last updated on January 9 , 2013 .
Air Canada reserves the right to unilaterally modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy we will notify you on our homepage and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .

Airliners.net Privacy and Information Security Policy
Effective Date : March 5 , 2008
Your privacy is important to Airliners.net ( Airliners.net , we or us ) .
We will not collect PII about you through the Service unless you disclose such information to us ;
We will not knowingly disclose PII about you that we collect through the Service to third parties , except under the limited circumstances described in this Policy ; and
We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the PII we collect from you through the Service .
These Policy highlights are qualified by full reference to the terms and conditions described below .
BY PROVIDING PII OR OTHER INFORMATION TO US OR BY USING OUR SERVICE , YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THE POLICY .
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US
The Types of Information Airliners.net Collects .
We collect any information you enter on the Service or give us in any other way ( such as through an email , survey , or letter ) .
The information that we collect varies depending upon how you use our Service .
Our account registration process requires that you provide us with your user name , birthday and email address , and that you create and provide us with a password .
We may also request other information , such as but not limited to , your actual first and last name , gender , and zip code .
You may access and update certain of your personal information or account settings by going to the Profile or My Account or a similar tab on the Site .
Information in Public Areas of the Site .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily provide information in public areas of the Service , such as the user profile pages or forums , that information can be viewed and possibly used by others .
We therefore advise visitors not to disclose contact information , including phone number , email address , street address or instant messenger address ( within these public areas ) that they do not wish to share .
We are not responsible for PII you choose to submit in these public areas .
Also , we may highlight content you post to the public areas of the Service such as reviews or comments , such as by featuring your content on the Site 's home page .
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register .
If you are under 13 , do not attempt to register for our Site or send any information about yourself to us .
We recommend that prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 ask their parents or other legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet .
Like many websites , we use cookies .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser .
We use persistent , identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you .
While you can take steps to warn off , block or disable cookies , if you do , the Service may not function and appear as we have designed it .
Nonetheless , if you want to take these steps , you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser .
Our cookies do not collect PII that you provide to us during the registration process , but they do collect other information such as the following :
the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours ;
the date and time you access the Site and pages you visit ;
your computer 's IP address and information about its operating system , platform and the Web browser type and version you use ;
demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you ; and
information to combat fraud or misuse .
In our email to you , we use pixel tags to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted email ( this helps us optimize the size of our email messages and conserve bandwith ) .
Collection of Information by Third Parties .
Our Site may include third-party advertising , links to other websites , and other content from third party businesses .
The content posted by these parties will be reasonably identifiable as coming from a third party .
We do not provide any PII to these advertisers , third-party websites , or other businesses , although on occasion we may mutually share non-personally identifiable ( e.g. , demographic ) information to facilitate delivery of relevant advertisements .
These third-party websites , businesses , and advertisers , or advertising companies working on their behalf , sometimes use technology to deliver ( or `` serve '' ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) , and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize or optimize advertising content .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use , and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites or businesses are not covered by this Policy but are covered by their respective privacy politices .
Some , but not all , third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology .
Click here to adjust your advertising preferences
Promotions , Sweepstakes , and Contests .
From time to time , we may host a promotion , sweepstake , or contest on the Service .
You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer to a third party of your personal information in connection with such promotion , sweepstake or contest .
It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy statement applies , and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer or collection of personal information to a third party .
AIRLINERS.NET 'S USE AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Use of PII .
We also may use your PII to contact you regarding your account , such as to inform you that you have received an email from another Airliners.net member , or to forward user comments to you about the content that you have posted .
We may also email Airliners.net newsletters , and similar communications about the Service .
Subject to the exceptions noted below , at any time , you may modify the types of communications you wish to receive by changing your preferences as part of your profile on the Site .
In addition , in our marketing or promotional e-mails to you , we will include instructions on how to unsubscribe and/or inform us of your preferences if you do not want to receive any marketing or promotional e-mails from us .
We reserve the right to send you customary business communications such as acceptance/rejection notices regarding content submissions , general system and administrative messages regarding the Service , address confirmations , and transactional information about your account , and we may not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications so long as you are registered with the Site .
Use of Other Information .
We use non-PII about our users for purposes such as measuring the number of visitors to sections of our Site , making the Service more useful to visitors and delivering targeted advertising and non-advertising content .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the Site , track a user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate , non-personally identifiable use .
Retention of Information .
We retain information for as long as required , allowed or we believe it useful , but do not undertake retention obligations .
We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice , subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information .
You must keep your own , separate back-up records .
AIRLINERS.NET 'S SHARING OF INFORMATION
Airliners.net shares information with third parties , but only as described in this Section 4 .
Advertisers and Others .
We share non-personally identifiable information with advertisers , service providers , and other persons with whom we conduct business .
Similarly , these advertisers , service providers , and other persons may share with us non-PII about you that they have independently gathered or acquired .
Third Party Services .
We contract with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to provide services to us or to you on our behalf .
Examples include providing marketing assistance , providing customer service , sending Airliners.net emails to you , removing repetitive information from customer lists , and analyzing data .
These third parties may have access to your PII for use solely in connection with these authorized business activities .
As we develop our business , we might sell or buy businesses or their assets , or engage in acquisitions , mergers , restructurings , changes of control , or similar transactions .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets , and your PII may be subject to such a transfer .
Also , in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , customer information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser .
We may share PII , non-PII and other information with our corporate affiliates .
Some of our most significant affiliates are identified on the website of our parent company , Demand Media , Inc..
Corporate affiliates are those entities that we control , are controlled by us , or are under common control with us and any joint venture in which any of the controlled entities may participate from time to time .
Any use of your information by our corporate affiliates is subject to this Policy or another policy no less protective of your privacy .
Conversely , we may obtain information about you from our corporate affiliates or from your visits to other websites that we or our corporate affiliates control .
Our affiliates are not permitted to use your PII to send you unsolicited marketing emails about their websites or their other products and services .
Compliance and Safety .
We may release user information when we believe release is appropriate to :
comply with applicable law , and to respond to legal process , including subpoenas , search warrants and court orders , and to respond to or otherwise address written complaints of copyright infringement ;
make disclosures under programs intended to prevent potential crimes or investigate persons ;
enforce or apply agreements , including the Terms ; or
protect the rights , property , or safety of Airliners.net , our users , or others , including exchanging information with other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
You must protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Please sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Your emails to us are not necessarily secure against interception so do not include sensitive information in them .
We generally will not ask for passwords in an email and you should assume that if you get such a request , it might be fraudulent .
YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
Our Security Measures .
We take reasonable precautions to protect the security of our users ' information .
We have physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to help safeguard , prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use your information .
However , neither people nor security systems are foolproof , including encryption systems .
In addition , people can commit intentional crimes , make mistakes or fail to follow policies .
Therefore , while we use reasonable efforts to protect your PII , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your PII , you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty .
The Service contains links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects your personally identifiable information .
This Policy applies only to information collected by the Service .
CONDITIONS OF USE , NOTICES , AND REVISIONS
If you think we are in default of the Terms , you may contact us at Our Legal Notices Address in Section 8 below .
Notice Required by Law .
In those jurisdictions that permit email notice , if we are required to disclose or provide notice of invasion of certain security systems , we will do so by email to the most current email address provided by you to us .
It is critical that you keep your email contact information correct and updated with Airliners.net at all times .
If you believe that you are a victim of identity theft entitled by law to request information from us , write us at our Legal Notice address ( see the next section of this Policy ) and we will let you know what additional information you must provide to us .
After we have received that information , we will supply without charge the information legally required to be disclosed that we then have , subject to applicable law and reserving all of our rights and defenses .
We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time .
Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately .
If we make non-material changes , we will indicate at the top of this page the revised Policy 's new effective date .
If we make material changes , we will notify you by email or through notice on the home page of the Site , and will also indicate so at the top of this page .
The material changes will take effect 30 days after such notice .
We encourage you to refer to this Policy at least every 30 days to check for material changes to this Policy .
CONTACT INFORMATION AND INFORMATION ABOUT ENFORCEMENT OF OUR POLICY
To send us a legal notice , mail it by certified mail ( return receipt requested ) to : Airliners.net Legal Department , 5808 Lake Washington Blvd. , Suite 300 , Kirkland , WA 98033 .
When we need to contact you , including when we give a legal notice , we may do so to an email address that we have on file for you or to your Airliners.net email account , or we may post notice on the Site .
You must keep your email address information accurate .
If we make a material change to this Policy , we will notify you by posting notice to the Site for at least 30 days and sending you an email to your Airliners.net email account or to the non-Airliners.net email address that we have on record for you .
NOTICE RE COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP : Demand Aviation U.S.A .
All rights reserved .

Thank you for visiting this website , which is operated by an Affiliate of Cox Media Group , LLC ( CMG ) .
This site is one of a network of ad-supported sites operated by Affiliates of CMG each of which also operates a local newspaper , a local television station or a local radio station ( each a CMG Affiliate Site and , collectively , the CMG Network of Sites ) .
Each CMG Affiliate Site has adopted this privacy statement to the extent applicable .
Affiliate means a company controlling , controlled by or under common control with another company .
This privacy statement is provided by the CMG Affiliate that operates this website ( we , us or our ) to explain the ways in which we collect information from you through your use of this site and any services offered through this website and any of our applications or mobile applications ( collectively , the Service ) , and the ways that we and the other CMG Affiliate Sites may use that information .
This privacy statement does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means ; for example , at a live event , via mail , or via telephone .
Please read this privacy statement carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices .
By using our Service , you agree that your use , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this privacy statement and our visitor agreement .
If you have questions regarding privacy issues , please contact us .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law allows California residents , once a year and free of charge , to request information about certain types of personal information ( if any ) that a business has disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year .
However , under the law , we are not required to provide this information as long as we : ( 1 ) notify you of that you have the right to prevent disclosure of personal information , and ( 2 ) provide you with a cost-free means to exercise that right .
As noted in this Privacy Statement , we require California residents to opt-in to activities where we would share their personal information with third parties for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and you would like to prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not opt-in to participate in these activities .
If you are a California resident , and you have opted in to one of these activities , but you later decide that you would like to prevent our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please contact us .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information we gather generally falls into one of two categories : ( 1 ) information ( for example , your name and address ) that you voluntarily supply when you register with our Service , initiate transactions on or through the Service ( such as buying products or services through the Service ) , or when you participate in the features we offer through the Service ( such as comments posted on a blog , discussion group , or other social networking features on the Service ) , and ( 2 ) information gathered on usage patterns and preferences as visitors navigate through our Service .
In some cases , one of our agents or Affiliates may collect the information on our behalf .
Third party Service Providers ( as defined below ) that provide all or some of the services available through this Service also may be gathering the same kinds of information .
To make use of certain features available through this Service ( such as to receive email newsletters , to post a classified ad , or to participate in some social networking features ) you may need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process .
( If permitted by this Service , you may be able to bypass some of the steps within the registration process by using your user name and password associated with your account on certain specified social networking sites when you register for our Service , but you will still have to complete the registration process after entering that information . )
We or our Service Providers may also ask for information from you if you buy products or services or conduct other transactions via our Service .
( We may ask , for example , for your name , email address , sex , age , zip code or credit card number , and we might request information on your interest in sports , personal finance , the performing arts , and the like . )
The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features , to tailor our Service to your interests and make them more useful to you , and also may be used in the processing of e-commerce transactions .
In addition , our Service Providers may provide us with additional personal information about you that you provide to them through your separate accounts with them as described in their own privacy statements .
The more you tell us about yourself , the more value we can offer you .
Supplying such information is entirely voluntary .
But if you do n't supply the information we request , we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other users of our Service .
For instance , we ca n't send you email alerting you to a new service we 're offering , or breaking news that may interest you , if you do n't tell us what you 're interested in and give us your email address .
Contests and Other Promotions .
From time to time , we may offer contests , sweepstakes or other promotions via our Service .
If you enter one of these contests , sweepstakes or promotions , you 'll have to provide information about yourself ( such as your name , address , telephone number and email address ) so that we can administer and operate the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion ( including contacting you if you win , fulfilling a prize , and publishing a winners ' list ) .
If you do n't want us to collect the information requested in the registration form or to provide it to any of our Affiliates , Service Providers and co-sponsor ( s ) as described below , please do not enter the contest , sweepstakes or promotion .
We may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters that we make available through the Service .
If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter , you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us .
See `` Opting In/Opting Out '' below .
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs and interests of our visitors , we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a cookie , a small entry in a text file , on your hard drive .
Our advertisers and Service Providers may also assign their own cookies to your browser , which is a process that we do n't control .
We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs and to deliver a better , more personalized service .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize the ads you see on our Service or to avoid showing you the same ad repeatedly during a single visit .
In addition , we may use cookies to track the pages on our Service , the CMG Network of Sites , or other sites visited by our users .
We may also use cookies to measure site performance and/or advertising performance .
We can build a better Service if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often .
You can manage your browser 's cookie setting through the options menu on most commercially available web browsers , including options to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely .
Of course , if you set your browser not to accept cookies , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of our Service .
Our Service may contain electronic images ( called `` single-pixel GIFs '' or `` web beacons '' ) or other tools that allow us and our Affiliates , Service Providers , vendors and , where necessary , our advertisers to count users who have visited particular pages of this Service , the CMG Network of Sites , or other sites or applications , or to access certain cookies .
We may use these tools and other technologies to recognize which the links visitors click and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party sites or applications .
These features may also be included in our email newsletters so that we can learn which messages have been opened and acted upon .
In combination with cookies , these web beacons allow us ( and/or our Affiliates , Service Providers , vendors , or advertisers ) to track the number of users who view particular pages and to fine tune the advertising messages delivered to users of this Service and other websites and applications .
We may use `` clickstream '' data collected using web beacons and cookies to help us tailor promotional content , including such content in email messages and on landing pages , to the perceived interests of our users .
Advertising networks with which we are affiliated and third-party advertising services that we use may also use web beacons on our Service to gather similar anonymous `` clickstream '' information , which is used to fine tune advertising messages delivered to our visitors and visitors to other websites .
Browser Level Information and IP Addresses .
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration or your mobile device when you use our Service , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you 're running , the resolution of your computer monitor or mobile device , the website that referred you , the type of device you 're using , and your IP address .
( Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers and mobile devices connected to the Internet to identify your computer or mobile device so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you .
We also use IP address information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
Your IP address alone does not tell us who you are . )
We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our Service ( including ads distributed through our Service ) to the interests of our users , and to measure traffic within our Service .
When you use the social networking features on our Service , you may be asked to log in to a social network using your social network credentials ( for example , your Facebook user ID ) .
When you log in , we may collect information about you ( including personal information ) from that social network .
In addition , when you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our Service , the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use .
The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from ours .
Mobile Applications and Location-Based Information .
Our Service may have the ability to use your geographic location to deliver content , services , and advertising tailored to your location .
If you choose to enable our Service to use your location information , then that information will be stored and used to deliver content , services , and advertising tailored to your location .
Also , when you use a mobile device or browser to access our Service , then your device and/or your browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your device 's unique identifier , IP address , location information , device make/model , wireless provider , and related information to us and our Service Providers .
We and our Service Providers may use this information to deliver content , services , and advertising tailored to your location .
Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting .
We use third-party Service Providers , such as ad networks , to serve advertising to you when you use our Service or use other sites or applications .
These Service Providers may use information about your activities while you navigate through and use this Service and other web sites and applications ( and that the Service Providers collect through cookies ) to provide you with advertisements about products and services that they think may be of interest to you .
The information used by these Service Providers for these purposes generally does not identify you personally ( in other words , the Service Providers are not usually using your name , address , email address , or phone number for these purposes , although they may use your IP address , your geographic location , or your device 's unique identifier ) .
You can learn more about such data collection practices , and/or opt out of any use by our Service Providers ' of cookies to tailor advertising to your interests , by visiting aboutads.info .
CMG 's Adherence to Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
CMG adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance .
To learn more about the Principles and your choices when it comes to the use of online behavioral advertising data by advertisers and ad servers across the Internet , visit aboutads.info .
Why We Collect Information From You .
Like any business , it 's important for us to know our customers -- their needs , their likes , what they want and expect from us .
Unlike most businesses , however , we deliver a valuable product to our customers without asking for anything in return .
Since we make most of this Service available without charge to you , we rely heavily on advertisers to produce the income necessary to operate our Service .
Advertisers are like most people : They expect something in return for the money they spend .
They want to know how many people will see their ad and how often our users are looking at their ads on our Service -- in other words , how effective their ad is likely to be .
So it 's important that we be able to tell advertisers who our audience is .
Except as expressly set forth in this privacy statement , we will not provide , sell or rent to any third party any personally identifying information that we collect from you through your use of this Service .
Without your permission , we will not share the personally-identifying information you provide when registering on our Service with advertisers .
We may , however , take the information you provide and aggregate it with data from all the other people that use this Service and associated services .
Then we will use that pool of information to inform our advertisers about our audience without identifying you personally .
All or portions of our Service may be provided or supported by our third-party service providers ( `` Service Providers '' ) , and we may share any of the information that we collect from you through our Service ( e.g. , anonymous information collected through cookies on your browser , information you submit to us to enter a contest , sweepstakes or promotion offered through the Service , etc . ) with such Service Providers .
In the event we offer services through this Service such as chat , email newsletters , email services , online classifieds and/or similar services , such services may be made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services .
In some instances , our Service Providers will have the same access to your information as we do .
Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies .
If you enter any contest , sweepstakes or other promotion that we make available through this Service , we may share the information you submit to us with the co-sponsor ( s ) of the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion .
We will identify any co-sponsor ( s ) in the official rules for the promotion .
We may share any of the information that we collect from you ( including anonymous information and personally identifying information that you may provide ) with the other CMG Affiliate Sites within the CMG Network of Sites so that we and they can provide you with products and services that may be of interest to you .
Much of the information we collect is in the form of aggregated statistics , such as the traffic that visits various pages within our Service , and the habits and preferences of our audience .
Such aggregated information does not include any information that would identify you personally .
We may use such aggregated information and disclose it to any third parties as we see fit .
Information You Post .
Please remember that anything you post to any message boards , discussion or comment areas , or social networking services on our Service can be seen , collected , and used by anyone who has access to that board , area , or social networking service .
We can not control how your postings may be used by third parties with such access .
Sites to Which We Link .
Our Service includes links to plenty of other websites , and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
When you access another site or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through their sites , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy statement of the operator of the site you 're visiting or the provider of such products or services .
We reserve the right to release information about users of our Service when release is necessary or appropriate to comply with law , to enforce this privacy statement or our visitor agreement , or to protect the rights , property or safety of users of our Service , the public , our customers , or our company and its employees , agents , partners and Affiliates .
As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that we merge with another entity or otherwise transfer substantially all of our assets to another entity ( including , without limitation , to one of our Affiliates as part of an internal reorganization ) , information collected from this Service would be among the transferred assets .
When you purchase products and/or services through our Service , we may ask you to provide us with certain information , including your contact details ( such as your name , address , telephone and email ) , and your billing information ( such as your credit card number and the date that your card expires ) .
We may also ask you to provide additional information such as unique identifiers ( such as your date of birth ) , and registration information ( login name and password ) .
We will use the information you provide us to process your transaction and to contact you regarding your purchase if necessary .
We will share this information with our Service Providers to the extent necessary to facilitate your purchase ( for purposes such as customer service , verification , fulfillment and billing purposes ) .
We will not sell or rent your personal billing information to any third party .
We may share non-financial information with our Service Providers in accordance with this privacy statement .
In certain places on this Service ( for example , when registering as a user of this Service , managing your account , shopping , or participating in activities like promotional contests ) , we may ask you to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties with which we have business relationships .
If you provide such consent ( for example , by checking a box or by some other means ) , we will make your information available to such third parties as described in the consent form so that they , we , or both may contact you directly regarding special offers , promotions , products or services that may be of interest to you .
If you register with this Service , you will have the opportunity to review or update the information you have provided us at any time .
You also have the option of deleting all information except for your email address .
If you would like to completely deactivate your account , please contact us .
Please note , however , that if you deactivate your account , you will not receive any newsletters from us and you will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes or contests .
Also , even if you deactivate your account , you still need to go through a separate process to unsubscribe from any SMS alerts you previously signed up to receive .
You can unsubscribe from these alerts by using the STOP function within those messages .
You agree that , subject to applicable law , we may use your information to contact you for customer service , to inform you of important changes or additions to our Service or the services offered over our Service and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our Service .
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters , you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings ( for example , by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by modifying your account settings on our Service ) .
If you have submitted your information on a page provided in conjunction with one of our Service Providers , the information you submit may be jointly maintained by us and the Service Provider .
If you decide to opt out of our Service , you may also need to contact the Service Provider separately to request the Service Provider to remove your information from its database .
All information gathered through our Service is stored within database ( s ) operated by us or by a Service Provider on our behalf .
We and/or our Service Providers secure the personally identifying information you provide on computer servers in a controlled , secure environment , protected from unauthorized access , use or disclosure .
For e-commerce transactions where you provide sensitive financial data ( e.g. , credit card information ) to us via this Service , we transmit your billing information using encryption .
Encryption scrambles your credit card number and personal information .
However , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
This Service is not directed at children under the age of 13 , and we wo n't knowingly allow anyone under age 13 to register with our Service or to provide any other personally identifying information .
If you 're under 13 , please do not provide us with any personally identifying information about yourself ( such as your name , your email address or your phone number ) .
If we become aware that we have collected any personally identifying information from a user under the age of 13 , we will remove such information from our records as soon as possible .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may change the terms of this privacy statement or introduce new terms and conditions from time to time , in which case we will post an updated version of this privacy statement on this Service and will update the Last Updated date above to reflect the date the changes take effect .
By continuing to use this Service after we post any such changes , you accept this privacy statement , as modified .

Alaska Airlines Online Privacy Notice
View the Privacy Notice that applies to our online and offline operations in Mexico .
Updated : December 5 , 2013
Alaska Airlines respects your concerns about privacy .
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information we collect on the websites and mobile application ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) listed here .
res.asvacations.com ( vacation site )
m.alaskaair.com ( mobile site )
Alaska Airlines mobile apps for Android , and iOS
Alaska Airlines Windows 8 app
Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air Career websites
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on the Sites , how we may use that information and with whom we may share it .
The Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information .
We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices .
Information You Provide Directly to Us
Information We Collect by Automated Means
How We Use The Information We Collect
Notice to California Residents How We Protect Personal Information
Links to Other Websites
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
Information You Provide Directly to Us
When you visit the Sites , you may provide personal information directly to us , including :
Contact information , such as name , postal address , telephone number , and email address
Travel information , such as flight , hotel and vehicle reservation information
Certain categories of special needs ( such as wheelchair use )
You purchase a ticket or other goods or services through the Sites
Birth date and gender
Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) Redress Number
Payment information , such as credit card number and expiration date
Gift card and travel certificate information , such as card code , PIN number , and e-ticket number
Confirmation code , and e-ticket number , Mileage Plan number and other awards or loyalty program numbers
The location of your device ( if you use our mobile app , Windows 8 app , or mobile website to search for the nearest airport or float plane dock )
Information provided to us by Facebook when you use the Facebook-related functionality of our apps , including ( depending on the app ) your name , profile picture , gender , networks , user ID , hometown and location , list of friends ( including their photos ) , and friends ' hometowns and locations ( but please note that the Facebook login information you enter in our apps to activate the Facebook functionality is collected directly by Facebook , and we do not have access to this information )
Information about your education , work and military history , citizenship or legal work eligibility status , and other information relevant to specific jobs for which you wish to apply , such as whether you are at least 18 years of age .
Information We Collect by Automated Means
When you visit our Sites , we may collect certain information by automated means , using technologies such as cookies , Web server logs and Web beacons .
Cookies are small files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser .
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies .
Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Sites .
Our Web servers may log information such as your device and operating system type , browser type , domain , device ID , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located .
The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet .
To control which Web servers collect information by automated means , we may place tags on our Web pages called `` Web beacons '' , which are small files that allow us to understand the actions of visitors to our Sites , and we use similar technology to analyze users ' interactions with our Mobile Apps .
We use third-party Web analytics services on our Sites , such as those of Omniture and Google Analytics .
These service providers use cookies and Web beacons or other technology to help us analyze how users use the Sites .
The information collected by such technology ( including , where applicable , your IP address ) will be disclosed to these service providers , who use the information to facilitate the evaluation of your use of the Sites .
Learn more about Omniture 's services , including your opt-out options for the Omniture tools on our websites .
Learn about Google Analytics and how to opt out .
On our websites , information may be collected about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests .
This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices .
You may see certain ads on our and other websites because we participate in advertising networks .
Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic , interest-based , and contextual means .
These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of cookies , web server logs , and web beacons , as described in the Information We Collect by Automated Means section above .
The networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests .
The information our ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks , such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites .
This data collection takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks .
For some campaigns , this information may be combined with other information we collect about you .
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
Learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising .
How We Use The Information We Collect
We may use the information we obtain about you when you visit the Sites for various purposes , including to :
Process , evaluate , and respond to your requests , inquiries , and applications
Create , administer , and communicate with you about your accounts
Process your purchases and payments
Administer contests , sweepstakes and surveys
Contact you with marketing communications
Operate , evaluate , and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; performing market research and data analytics ; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing ; analyzing our products , services , and Sites ; administering our Sites ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation , and collection activities )
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment
Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure and quality
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , industry standards and our policies and terms , such as our terms of use
Alaska Airlines uses the Evidon assurance service to comply with the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
As part of this service , online advertisements and websites are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers understand how their data is being used and provide choice options to consumers that want more control .
We may share personal information we collect on our Sites with our service providers who perform services on our behalf .
These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements .
We may also share certain personal information among our affiliates and joint marketing partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice , including for their marketing purposes .
We may share personal information with authorized operators of websites and applications that interact with our systems if you choose to use their applications to interact with us or if you otherwise authorize those operators to access our record of your personal information .
For example , if you log in through an authorized third-party mobile app that allows you to view your Mileage Plan account , we may share personal information with the operator of the mobile app .
Such operators ' use of the information may be subject to their own privacy policies , which we strongly recommend you review before logging in through their applications .
We are not responsible for such operators ' privacy practices , which are not covered by this Privacy Notice .
We also may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law or legal process , ( ii ) to law enforcement authorities , or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent harm or loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity .
As mandated by the U.S. government and governments outside the U.S. , Alaska Airlines will provide to those governments specific passenger information collected on our Sites for travelers crossing international borders .
For flights within the U.S. , and pursuant to the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) Secure Flight Program , Alaska Airlines is required to collect and transmit the following passenger information : Name , Birth Date , Gender and Redress Number , if available , to the TSA .
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets .
Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Notice .
If you would like to update or modify your personal information or subscription preferences , you may contact us as described in the How To Contact Us section below .
If you have an online account at alaskair.com , you also can login and visit the My Account section ; from there you can modify your personal information or click on Manage Email to update your communication preferences .
You may choose to opt out from Bank of America and other companies by calling toll free 1-888-5-OPT-OUT ( 1-888-567-8688 ) .
If you have created an account on our careers pages , you can modify or delete your weekly job agent emails by logging in , visiting the `` career opportunities '' section , and then clicking on `` Search Opportunities '' to see a list of all your weekly job agent emails .
Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code 1798.83 , if you are a California resident , you may ask us to provide you with ( i ) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and ( ii ) the identity of the third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year .
To make such a request , please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain appropriate administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Sites against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing .
Links to Other Websites
Our Sites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
Those websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us , such as the Bank of America website on which you can apply for an Alaska Airlines-branded credit card .
Linked websites may have their own privacy policies , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Alaska Airlines , any use of those websites , or the privacy practices of those websites .
The Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Sites .
If we are notified that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on the Sites , we will delete the information from our records .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws .
We will post a prominent notice on alaskaair.com to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was updated .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us as indicated below :
Alaska Airlines Customer Care Department
Box 24948 - SEAGT
Seattle , WA 98124-0948
1-800-654-5669 Monday - Friday , 8:00 a.m. - 5:45 p.m. ( PT )

Alexa Internet Privacy Policy
Last Updated : April 7 , 2011
To see what has changed , click here
Alexa knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
This Privacy Policy is a binding part of Alexa 's Website Terms of Use and End User License Agreement ( `` Agreement '' ) and explains the type of information Alexa collects through its website and browser companion software ( `` Toolbar Service '' ) and what Alexa does with it .
If you download and use Alexa 's Toolbar Service software or use the Alexa website , you will be bound by the terms of the Agreement , including this Privacy Policy .
This policy may change from time to time so you should check it frequently .
Alexa is the Web Information Company .
We measure Internet activity in order to understand trends , help people discover new content , and help people make better online decisions .
Millions of people download Alexa toolbars to help measure the web .
In return , Alexa provides toolbar users with information about Internet trends , website popularity , new and exciting topics , and related content .
NOTE : ALEXA 'S TOOLBAR SERVICE COLLECTS AND STORES INFORMATION ABOUT THE WEB PAGES YOU VIEW .
IN SOME CASES , INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE TOOLBAR SERVICE MAY BE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE , BUT PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT AT ALEXA , AND WE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO ANALYZE WEB USAGE DATA TO DETERMINE THE IDENTITY OF ANY ALEXA USER .
What Personal Information About Users Does Alexa Gather
The information we learn from users helps us continually improve and provide information about Internet trends , website popularity , new and exciting topics , and related content .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
[ Click here ] to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing and improving our services , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information We Collect From the Toolbar Service : When you use the Toolbar Service , we collect information about the websites you visit and the advertisements that you see on those websites , the searches you perform using search engines and when you use the `` search '' function of the Toolbar Service , the ways in which you use various Toolbar Service features ( including whether the Toolbar Service is still installed on your computer ) , and the pages you view .
[ Click here ] to see examples of what we collect .
Although this information may contain some personally identifiable information , Alexa does not use it to determine the identity of individual users or correlate it to your email address or other personally identifiable information that you give us or our affiliates , except as required by subpoenas , court orders , or other legal requirements .
Automatic Information We Collect from Our Website : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website .
For example , like many websites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Alexa.com , when you use the Toolbar Service , or when you view advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Alexa.com on other Web sites .
[ Click here ] to see examples of the information we receive .
Automatic Information We Collect from Other Websites : We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with third-party websites that use our web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) and other technologies .
For example , we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses websites using Alexa Direct Measurement .
[ Click here ] for examples .
For more information about how you may choose to prevent your computer from running the Alexa Direct Measurement service , [ click here ] .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources .
[ Click here ] to see examples of such information .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser , and through our Toolbar Service , to enable our systems to recognize your browser .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Does Alexa Share the Information it Receives
We share Alexa user data with our parent corporation , Amazon.com , Inc. , and the subsidiaries it controls , and we may share personally identifying information with third parties only as described below .
Businesses We Do Not Control : We may offer search or other services that are powered or provided by another company .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a given service offering , and , if you choose to use the service , we will share information related to your use of the service with that company .
For example , if you use a third-party search engine offered through our Toolbar Service , we will transmit your search term and IP address to that company so that it can provide you with the requested search results .
Likewise , if you download our Toolbar Service from a third party website , the Toolbar Service may display the third party 's brand , and consequently that third party may receive information about your use of the Toolbar Service .
Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include storing and analyzing data , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , providing customer service , and payment processing .
They have access to user information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units .
In such transactions , user information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the user consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the event that Alexa or substantially all of its assets are acquired , user information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Alexa and Others : We release account and other user information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Alexa , our users , or others .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from users for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when personally identifiable information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
How Secure Is Information About Me
Alexa uses commercially reasonable computer security safeguards to protect its databases and servers against risks of loss , unauthorized access , destruction , misuse , modification , or inadvertent or improper disclosure of data .
Alexa segregates certain personally identifiable and other information about your use of Alexa 's services into separate databases , some of which can be accessed only by a limited number of employees .
If you have an Alexa account , it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
What About Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Websites
We work with third-party websites , advertisers , and Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , including Amazon ( collectively , `` Ad Companies '' ) .
These Ad Companies may send ( or `` serve '' ) advertisements directly to your browser , from our website , our Toolbar Service , and from other websites .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) , and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
The information practices of these Ad Companies are not covered by this Privacy Notice .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
Which Information Can I Access
If you create an Alexa account , we give you access to the personally identifiable information that you provide to us .
[ Click here ] to see your account information or edit your profile .
What Choices Do I Have
Alexa does not require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to use most of Alexa 's services .
Therefore , you can always choose not to provide such information .
You may disable the Toolbar Service from reporting information about your web surfing activities and/or statistics about your use of the Toolbar Service by using the Options menu in the Toolbar Service .
You may disable the Toolbar Service from sending Alexa any web page , advertisement , or search term information by turning off all Web Information features listed in the Options menu in the Toolbar Service .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , [ click here ] to modify your preferences .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
The Toolbar Service enables you to update certain browser configuration settings , such as your home page or your default search provider .
If supported , you may configure these options during the installation process and in the Options menu in the Toolbar Service .
Are Children Allowed to Use Alexa
Alexa does not offer products or services for use by children .
If you are under 18 , you may use Alexa 's website or the Toolbar Service only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Does Alexa Participate in the Safe Harbor Program
As a subsidiary of Amazon.com , Alexa.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and the E.U .
For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit Alexa or use the Toolbar Service , any dispute with Alexa over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
If you have any concern about privacy at Alexa , please [ contact us ] with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Website Terms of Use will change also .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you use our website or the Toolbar Service .
For instance , if you register for an account at Alexa , we collect your name , email address , country of origin , and , if you choose , your nickname , telephone number , website , company , and title .
If you download and install the Toolbar Service software , which provides the Alexa toolbar , we collect any information voluntarily provided by you during the installation and registration process , which can include demographic information such as gender , age , occupation , household income , zip code and country .
Demographic information is correlated to Web usage information collected during your use of the Toolbar Service .
In addition , you might provide us with personally identifiable information when you communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise or complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form .
Automatic Information We Collect From the Toolbar Service
When you download the Toolbar Service , and at times during your use of the Alexa website and Toolbar Service , we transmit Alexa cookies to the hard drive of your computer .
In addition , for every Web page you view while using the Toolbar Service , the Alexa software transmits and stores your IP address , which may include a domain name , the full URL of the Web page you are visiting , general information about your browser ; general information about your computer 's operating system ; your Alexa cookie number or other identifying alphanumerical information enabling Alexa to identify your computer ; and the date and time the above information is logged .
All of this above information is logged together in a single data string for each Web page you visit .
Each string is logged in our database in the chronological order received from our millions of users .
The Toolbar Service also automatically collects information about the online advertisements that are displayed on the websites you visit - specifically , the text , source , and URL of the online ad - and the terms you choose when you use search engines to search the Web .
You may disable the Toolbar Service from sending Alexa any web page , advertisement , or search term information by turning off all Web Information features listed in the Options menu in the Toolbar Service .
Alexa also periodically collects usage statistics from Toolbar Service users that describe the frequency of use of each Toolbar Service feature .
You may disable the Toolbar Service from sending Alexa usage statistics information at any time by using the Options menu in the Toolbar Service .
Finally , to ensure accurate information about the number of Toolbar Service users , the Toolbar Service periodically sends a signal to Alexa containing basic information such as the IP address of your computer .
Automatic Information We Collect From Our Website
Examples of the information we collect and analyze when you use our website include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie ; web pages you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call us .
During some visits to our website we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
Automatic Information We Collect From Other Websites
Examples of automatic information we collect from third-party websites include the account identifier for the website , the URL 's of web pages visited , any referring URL 's to the visited web pages , the IP addresses and browser user-agents of visitors , and a unique identifier for each visitor .
Information from Other Sources
An example of information we might receive from other sources is when you authorize a third party website , such as Facebook , to interact directly with the Toolbar Service or our website to provide or receive personalized information about you .
In that case , we might receive such information as your name and potentially other information used by that third party website to identify your account with that website .

( Updated on June 11th , 2012 )
This is the Privacy Policy governing your use of the Alibaba.com and Aliexpress.com sites ( each a `` Site '' ) and the collection , use , transfer and processing of your Collected Information by Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited and our affiliates ( collectively referred to as `` Alibaba.com '' , `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
By using this Site , you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below .
All terms not defined in this document have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use Agreement between you and Alibaba.com which by use of this Site you agree to accept .
The Information We Collect
Registration Information : At the time you register to become a Registered User of the Site , you will be asked to complete a registration form which requires you to provide information such as your name , address , phone/fax number , email address and other personal information as well as information about your business ( `` Registration Information . '' )
Publishing Information : If you submit any information to Alibaba.com to be published on the Site through the publishing tools , including but not limited to Company Profile , Product Catalog , Trade Leads , TrustPass Profile and any discussion forum , then you are deemed to have given consent to the publication of such information so long as they do not pertain to personal information ( `` Publishing Information '' ) .
Buyer Information : we record and retain records of buying and browsing activities on our platform including but not limited to IP addresses , browsing patterns , buyer behavioral patterns , buyer contact details , buyer profiles and so forth ( Buyer Information ) .
Payment Information : If you establish a credit account with us or our providers or if you purchase a product or service from Alibaba.com or other Registered Users of the Site or other vendors available through the Sites , we may collect additional information , including billing information , credit card numbers and expiration dates and tracking information from cheques or money orders ( `` Payment Information '' ) .
Account Activities Information : We record and retain the records of your Account activities when you use the Alibaba.com services .
If you make sale and purchase transactions online through Alibaba.com 's web-based transaction platform including AliExpress services , we also collect information related to such transactions including the types and specifications of the goods , pricing and delivery information , any trade dispute records ( Account Activities Information ) .
Statistical Information : In addition , we gather statistical information about our Site and Users , such as IP addresses , browser software , operating system , software and hardware attributes , pages viewed , number of sessions , unique visitors and so forth ( `` Statistical Information '' )
Marketing Information : From time to time , we gather information about our Users and prospective users during trade shows , marketing events and other functions for follow up marketing purposes ( Marketing Information ) .
Personal Information : From time to time , our corporate Users may disclose personal data deliberately or inadvertently including without limitation to personal identifiers such as name , email addresses , telephone number , facsimile number and IP address of individuals in the course of using the Site ( Personal Information ) .
Collected Information : Registration Information , Publishing Information , Buyer Information , Payment Information , Account Activities Information , Statistical Information , Marketing Information , Personal Information and any information we may collect from you through the use of cookies ( see Section 5 below ) , or from our affiliates or from other parties or through any other means , shall collectively be referred to as ( `` Collected Information '' ) .
How We May Use Information
General : We use your Collected Information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyze site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site 's content , layout and service specifically for you .
We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us , including but not limited to investigating problems , resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us .
We may use your Collected Information to facilitate proper operation of our Site and business activities of its Users including without limitation to facilitation of effective communication between buyers and suppliers and marketing activities of Users .
We do not otherwise sell , rent , trade or exchange any personally-identifying information of our Users .
We may provide your Collected Information to our affiliates and service providers under contract ( such as customer care ) to support the operation of the Site and our services .
If you register or use services or products provided by our affiliates including Alipay , Taobao , China Yahoo ! , we will share with each other your Collected Information including the information about your use of such affiliates ' services and products .
We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners , customers , members , advertisers or potential Users .
We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns , promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties ; however , in these circumstances , your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing , promotion or advertising message .
Your Collected Information may be transferred , stored , used and processed outside your home jurisdiction .
In case of a merger with or transfer of business to another business entity , we will transfer your Collected Information to the entity which acquires the business ( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Collected Information ) .
Registration Information : We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which Alibaba.com determines that you might be interested .
Specifically , we may use your email address , mailing address , phone number , mobile number or fax number to contact you regarding notices , surveys , product alerts , new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Site .
We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis , monitoring and marketing decisions .
Publishing Information : All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Site and therefore accessible by any internet user .
Any Publishing Information that you disclose to Alibaba.com becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights ( including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights ) in such information .
You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us .
Payment Information : Alibaba.com will share your Payment Information with banks or vendors relevant to the transaction in order to enable transactions to be completed .
In addition , Alibaba.com may use Payment Information to determine your credit-worthiness and , in the process of such determination , Alibaba.com may make such Payment Information available to banks or credit agencies .
While Alibaba.com has in place up-to-date technology and internal procedures to guard your Payment Information against intruders , there is no guarantee that such technology or procedure can eliminate all of the risks of theft , loss or misuse .
Alibaba.com shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use , publication , disclosure or any other misuse of Payment Information , including credit card information .
Account Activities Information : We use Account Activities Information to provide the services that you request .
We may also generate reports , statistics and analysis based on Account Activities Information to enhance and improve our Site and services .
We may also use Account Activities Information to determine your credit-worthiness .
Statistical Information : We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems with and maintain our computer servers , to manage our Site , and to enhance our Site and services based on the usage pattern data we receive .
We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis , monitoring and marketing decisions .
We may provide Statistical Information to third parties , but when we do so , we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission .
Buyer Information : We use Buyer Information to provide value-added services to our members including without limitation to providing buying pattern and buying behavioral data to our members to facilitate marketing initiatives and decision making .
Personal Information : We facilitate electronic commerce between businesses and our services should not be used by individual consumers or for personal use .
Should Personal Information be disclosed for business purposes in the course of using our Site and services , such Personal Information may be used to provide value-added services to our members to facilitate including without limitation marketing initiatives and contacts .
Uses of any Personal Information by any of our members are subject to privacy laws in the respective jurisdictions of our members .
Each of our members is solely responsible for observing applicable laws and regulations in its respective jurisdictions to ensure that all use of the Site and Services are in compliance with the same .
Each of our members is expressly prohibited from using any Personal Information for illegal activities including without limitation to spamming .
We may publish records of complaints and any penalties , actions or proceedings against Members .
We further reserve the right to disclose your Collected Information to relevant authorities where we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be infringing or threatening to infringe , or who may otherwise be causing injury to or interference with , the title , rights , interests or property of Alibaba.com , our Users , customers , partners , other web site users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities .
We also reserve the right to disclose Collected Information in response to a subpoena or other judicial order or when we reasonably believe that such disclosure is required by law , regulation or administrative order of any court , governmental or regulatory authority .
If we have reason to believe that a User is in breach of the Terms of Use or any other agreement with us , then we reserve the right to make public or otherwise disclose such User 's Collected Information in order to pursue our claim or prevent further injury to Alibaba or others .
We have established relationships with other parties to offer you the benefit of other products and services which we ourselves do not offer .
We offer you access to these other parties either through the use of hyperlinks to their sites from our Site , or through offering `` co-branded '' sites in which both ourselves and these other parties share the same uniform resource locator , domain name or pages within a domain name on the Internet .
In some cases you may be required to submit information for purposes of registering or applying for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners .
The privacy policy of such other parties may differ from ours , and we may not have any control over the information that you submit to such third parties or co-branded sites .
We therefore encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offers , products or services provided by such other parties .
We use `` cookies '' to store specific information about you and track your visits to our Site .
It is not uncommon for websites to use cookies to enhance identification of their users .
A `` cookie '' is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
A cookie can be sent to your computer 's hard drive only if you access our Site using the computer .
If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie , each time you use the same computer to access our Site , our web servers will be notified of your visit to our Site and in turn we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage .
Generally , we use cookies to identify you and enable us to access your Registration Information , Publishing Information , Buyer Information , Personal Information , or Payment Information so you do not have to re-enter it ; gather statistical information about usage by Users ; research visiting patters and help target advertisements based on User interests ; assist our partners to track User visits to the Site and process orders ; and track progress and participation in promotions .
You can determine if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your browser 's which is installed in the computer you are using to access the Site .
If you desire , you can change those configurations in your browser .
By setting your preferences in the browser , you can accept all cookies , you can be notified when a cookie is sent , or you can reject all cookies .
If you reject all cookies by choosing the cookie-disabling function in your browser , you may be required to re-enter your information on our Site more often and certain features of our Site may be unavailable .
The Site and its contents are not intended to be targeted to minors under applicable law and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors .
However , we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Site and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages .
If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information .
We employ commercially reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure correct use of information .
As a Registered User , your Registration Information , Publishing Information and Payment Information ( if any ) can be viewed and edited through your Account which is protected by Password .
We recommend that you do not divulge your Password to anyone .
Our personnel will never ask you for your Password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail .
If you share a computer with others , you should not choose to save your log-in information ( e.g. , User ID and Password ) on the computer .
Remember to sign out of your Account and close your browser window when you have finished your session .
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secured .
As a result , while we try to protect your information , no web site or company , including ourselves , can absolutely ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated through our posting an amended and restated Privacy Policy on our Site .
Our posting the amended and restated Privacy Policy will make such new Privacy Policy immediately effective .
You agree that all Collected Information ( whether or not collected prior to or after the new policy became effective ) will be governed by the newest Privacy Policy then in effect .
If you do not agree to the new changes in our Privacy Policy , you should contact Alibaba.com in writing ( at the address set out in the `` Your Feedback '' section below ) and specifically request that Alibaba.com return and/or destroy all copies of all or part of your Collected Information in Alibaba.com 's possession .
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can access , view and edit your Registration Information , Publishing Information and Payment Information ( if any ) through your Account with Alibaba.com .
Alibaba.com welcomes your continuous input regarding our Privacy Policy or our services provided to you .
You may send us your comments and responses by post to Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited , Legal Department , 26F , Tower One , Times Square , 1 Matheson Street , Causeway Bay , Hong Kong .

Review All Media Network , LLC 's ( `` AMN '' ) legal and privacy notices for details on how we collect , use and protect your personal information on the website .
Your use of and access to any website or software application owned by AMN ( 'AMN Property ( ies ) ' ) either ( i ) made available to you directly or indirectly from this website ; or ( ii ) with a direct link to this privacy policy is subject to this privacy policy .
This privacy policy explains the data that we collect and how we use it .
We respect your privacy .
Consent for the use of cookies
Which organizations collect the information
About Us and This Policy
All references to `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' refer to All Media Network , LLC and/or one or more of its affiliates .
All Media Network , LLC is incorporated in the State of Delaware and its principal office is 38 Keyes Avenue , Suite 200 , San Francisco , CA 94129 .
This policy gives you the details of who we are and the details of our privacy policies , including : what data we collect about you when you use AMN Property ; what organization is collecting the information ; how the information will be used or disclosed ; what choices are available to you regarding collection and use of the data ; what security measures are in place to protect your personal information ; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
This policy may be amended from time to time without notice and it is your responsibility to read it carefully and review any changes that may have been made .
Since changes will be posted on this page , we encourage you to check this page regularly .
For all users in locations other than in Europe , this policy , the processing of your online account data and any other data we collect shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco , California .
Your Information : What We Collect , How We Collect It , and How It Is Used
In common with most other websites and on-line services , we collect certain data about your visit to the AMN Properties .
Any data we gather through your use of AMN Property falls into three categories : ( 1 ) personal information that you supply to us , such as information you provide when you register ( including your e-mail address ) , create an account , create a user name , register your device , complete a survey , enter a contest , or purchase products or services ; ( 2 ) information that is collected as you use AMN Property that becomes identified with your personal information ; and ( 3 ) information that does not directly identify you and is collected as you use AMN Property , including your IP address , and information gathered with the use of a cookie ( cookies are discussed further below ) , and information related to searches or recommendations on AMN Property .
Such information collected includes , without limitation , which pages and content are browsed , interactions with advertising and content , and other data related to preferences and usage .
We use this information to better provide products and services , including , without limitation , to better target advertising and content , ( on our and our Partner 's websites ) and to generate statistics and reports .
You may use certain AMN Property without registering or creating an account .
We may nonetheless build a history of your interactions with the AMN Property even though we do n't know who you are .
In respect of certain AMN Properties which are products , AMN may also employ update management software to collect installation and registry information from your computer , including product , version , build , language and original equipment manufacturer .
Where you use multiple AMN Properties , AMN may combine or link information collected from various AMN Properties and use it for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy .
As is common across websites , to use certain features of AMN Property we ask you to register , create an account , provide your full name and email address and create a password .
Once you have created an account , you will have the option to fill out a form ( all or portions of which may be included in your profile ) .
When you create your profile , we collect personal information about you , such as name , address , location , e-mail address , favourite actors , music , etc . which will be stored in order to provide services to you and to conduct activities including , without limitation , using it to process your registration , maintain a profile about you , process your request to receive newsletters and email announcements , or to voluntarily participate in surveys or contests and/or to communicate with you about services and products we think may be of interest to you .
AMN may allow you to set up profiles that may be viewed by other users of the AMN Properties .
To enrich your profile you may chose to include some personal information in your public profile so that other users can identify you .
You should only include information in your public profile that you do not mind making publicly available without restriction .
To process your purchase orders we require your name , billing address , phone number , email address , shipping address , credit card information and credit card security codes .
We use this information to process your order and , if any questions arise , to contact you about your order .
We may also use it to contact you about other products and services we feel may be of interest to you .
In general AMN will try to email you first but may phone or send an electronic message to you if you have provided these details and you consent to our so doing .
Personal information is also used to provide personalised services to you , such as show tracking and recommendations .
When you visit AMN websites and other AMN Properties , we and our advertising partners may store and access information from your device , including cookies , clear GIFs ( which are also sometimes called web bugs or web beacons ) and browser details .
We may collect information such as your browser type , the type of operating system you use , the domain name of your Internet service provider , IP address , pages visited on the site , services used and how you have used them .
We and our advertising partners do this for a variety of purposes .
In the case of our advertising partners , this may include the personalisation of advertisements based on your visits to sites in that partner 's network .
We may provide data about our users , traffic patterns , products , services and site information to third-parties ( such as vendors , advertisers and our business partners ) ( Partners ' ) , but we will use reasonable efforts to provide it in a form that does not directly identify you .
Consent for use of cookies
Some countries require you to consent to our and our advertising partner 's use of some cookies , including in Europe .
Where such requirements may be applicable , AMN highlights its use of cookies to you when visit AMN Properties for the first time .
If you continue to use this AMN Property , we will imply from this that you consent to our use of cookies .
Information about our use of cookies is contained in our `` Cookie Information '' .
Email addresses are used for identification , inviting new friends to AMN Properties , searching for and finding friends , general communication , order processing and to send notifications to you .
To facilitate searching for and finding friends on the AMN Properties , AMN allows users to search for other members using text searches , first and last name , email address , and by using other attributes .
Users can invite friends to join certain AMN Properties by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system .
Where permitted by applicable law , AMN stores these email addresses so that the respondents may be added to the friend list of the member sending the invitations and to establish relationships between users .
Which Organizations Are Collecting the Information
When you provide information to AMN , that information is collected and maintained either by AMN or by an authorized agent or contractor of AMN such as web hosting companies , customer care service providers , and transaction processing service providers , unless specifically stated otherwise at the point of collection .
We may use your personal information and non-personal information to serve ads to you via AMN Property as well as to provide you with promotions , products and services .
We may also use third-party advertising companies and other business partners to serve ads on AMN Property or Partner Sites and provide you with promotions , products and services .
These third-party advertising companies and our business partners may be located throughout the world .
These third-party advertising companies and business partners may receive and share with us information relating to the advertisements that they serve you including , without limitation , date and time of ad shown , the banner ad that was shown and your IP address and your interactions with such advertisements .
These third-party advertising companies and business partners may use cookies , clear GIFs and anonymous information about your visits to AMN Property and other websites to measure and improve the effectiveness of their ads , promotions , products and services .
This information may also be used for online preference and other targeted marketing purposes .
The information received by these third-party advertising companies and business partners is subject to the privacy policies of these third-party advertising companies and business partners .
We may be given access to this information by these third-party advertising companies and business partners which we may use for purposes including , without limitation , to better target advertising and content to you and to generate statistics and reports that help us develop our products and services .
With your consent ( as indicated when you set up your account ) we may make certain information about you ( including personal information , where you consent ) available to third-party advertising companies and other business partners under agreements between us and those third-party advertising companies and business partners .
The third-party advertising companies and business partners will use that information to target advertising to you or provide and market promotions , products and services to you .
You may withdraw your consent to our providing your personal information to advertising companies and business partners at any time by adjusting your preferences in the preference page of the relevant AMN Property .
If you do so we will not provide your personal information from the relevant AMN Property to third party advertisers or business partners from the time you opt out .
However where permitted by applicable law , we may still provide them with information that does not directly identify you from which they may send you targeted advertisements .
Many of our advertising partners are part of the Network Advertising Initiative .
Opting out of Flash Cookies is described above in the tracking information section .
We use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information .
However , due to the design of the Internet , ever-changing technology and other factors outside of our control , we can not guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties .
We will have no liability for disclosure of personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties .
You are responsible for the security of your user name , ID and password for any of the AMN Properties .
Please take care when using and storing them .
Commitment To Childrens ' Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us .
For that reason , none of our AMN Properties are directed at anyone under 13 and they are not structured specifically to attract anyone under 13 .
We also do not collect or maintain personal information from those users who we actually know are under 13 .
Should we learn or be notified that we have collected information from users under the age of 13 , we will immediately delete such personal information .
Changing Your Personal Information & Preferences
Your Right to Choose
When you register to access certain AMN Properties , you can let us know that you do not wish to receive announcements from us by opting out at the time you give us your personal information .
You may also later opt out of providing us personal identifiable information by changing your preferences in the set up areas of the relevant AMN Properties or changing the necessary settings in your profile .
For certain AMN Properties opting out may only be possible if you delete your account for that AMN Property .
If you opt out or do not provide your personal information then some services and features ( such as personal information services , recommendations and tracking of ratings and likes and dislikes ) may not be available to you or may be deleted .
All newsletters and email announcements from us will contain an unsubscribe link that also allows you to opt out at any time from these messages .
You may review and update the personal information that you have provided us by visiting the relevant set up page of the AMN Property and updating your account profile .
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except ( i ) as described in this privacy policy , ( ii ) as required by court order or other government or law enforcement authorities in order to comply with legal process or law , ( iii ) in the event of a merger where another company has acquired the relevant AMN Property , ( iv ) in order to protect against the misuse or unauthorized use of AMN Property , ( v ) in order to protect and defend our rights and property , or ( vi ) in order to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public .
If AMN sells assets ( or the assets of a division or subsidiary ) to another entity , including , without limitation , in the event of bankruptcy , or if AMN ( or a division or subsidiary ) is acquired by , or merged with , another entity , AMN may provide to such entity user information ( both anonymized and/or aggregate and personal information ) that is related to that part of the business that was sold to or merged with the other entity .
Links to Third Party Websites
AMN Properties may display links to websites operated by third parties .
If you click on a link , the relevant third party operator or others may collect data about you when you visit the linked website .
They are responsible for the collection and further processing of such data and we have no control over it .
We advise you to check the terms of use and privacy policies of any linked websites you visit to find out what data they are collecting and the purposes for which they process your personal data .
Overseas Transfers and Processing of Your Information
Your personal information may be used by us and our affiliates , subsidiaries and our suppliers who may be located in countries outside the country where you are located or the purposes outlined in this policy to manage AMN 's global business .
The data protection laws in these countries may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you are located .
By providing your personal information to us you understand and expressly consent to us and our suppliers processing your data in any jurisdiction , including without limitation the United States of America , in accordance with this privacy policy .
By Using Any AMN Properties , You Are Consenting To the Collection and Use of Your Information Described In This Privacy Policy and You Accept and Agree To This Privacy Policy .
Your personal information may be used by us and our affiliates , subsidiaries and our suppliers who may be located in countries outside the country where you are located or the purposes outlined in this policy to manage AMN 's global business .
The data protection laws in these countries may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you are located .
By providing your personal information to us you understand and expressly consent to us and our suppliers processing your data in any jurisdiction , including without limitation the United States of America , in accordance with this privacy policy .
Your European Privacy Rights .
If you are located in Europe , some of the data that we process may be protected by data protection laws such as , in the United Kingdom , the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) .
Under the Act , you have certain rights to request information about , get access to or request the amendment of any such personal data .
Your California Privacy Rights .
If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you in this Privacy Policy with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( or `` unsubscribe '' ) of our use and sharing of your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year .
All requests must be labelled `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the email subject line or envelope or post card .
For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to `` Your California Privacy Rights '' , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address ( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) .
We are unable to accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile .
We are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly , or do not have complete information .
This privacy policy was last updated on : September 12th 2013 .

AlterNet , and our parent organization , the Independent Media Institute , guarantee that we will never , under any circumstances , sell , trade or make public your personal information , unless you designate otherwise .
All personal information you provide will remain confidential .
In addition , you always will have the option to edit the information provided to us or to have your personal information removed from our records .
When you visit AlterNet , our systems collect basic information about your computer , including : IP address ( your computer 's unique signature ) , operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 ) , browser software ( e.g. , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Netscape ) , Internet Service Provider ( e.g. , AOL ) .
We also collect information about what you view on the site .
This information reflects our readership as a whole and is used to help us better understand the AlterNet community .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
AlterNet employs cookies small text files placed on your computer 's hard drive to track the type of content and sites to which our users link , the length of time they spend at any particular site and the AlterNet services they use .
Cookies also help us diagnose problems with our server .
For more on cookies , please click here .
Email Newsletters and `` Send a Friend '' Feature
After signing up online , users will receive email newsletters and other occasional announcements from AlterNet .
In order to distribute our email , we collect subscribers ' email addresses .
We do not share addresses with other companies or partners .
Users can unsubscribe from email newsletters at any time .
AlterNet offers a send this story to a friend feature , which allows our users to inform others about an article they might be interested in .
For this feature to function , we ask for email addresses from the sender and for the recipient .
We do not store or save these addresses and you will not receive any communication from AlterNet or its partners as a result of having used this feature .
AlterNet makes blogs and other feedback forums available to its users .
Please remember any information disclosed in these areas becomes publicly available , and therefore you should exercise caution when disclosing personal information .
From time to time AlterNet will conduct voluntary surveys of site visitors to obtain aggregate demographic information about them .
This information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with third parties , but no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific individuals .
Linking to Other Sites
AlterNet contains links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
Protecting the rights of children is important to us .
As a result , we do not collect or maintain any information from individuals we know to be under 13 years old , and no part of AlterNet is intended to attract anyone under 13 .
Unsubscribe , Data Removal and Data Modification Policies
AlterNet allows users to opt-out of receiving communications from us and to modify or remove their information from our system .
The following options are available to do so :
send mail to : AlterNet , 101 Spear St. , Ste 230 , San Francisco , CA 94105
call : 415/284-1420 .
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
AlterNet will not use or disclose your personal information without your consent , except ( i ) as described in this privacy policy or ( ii ) as required by law , court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority .
This policy does not protect information you post to any online bulletin board or other public forum within our website .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site or your dealings with this website , you can contact :
101 Spear St. Ste . 203
San Francisco , CA 94105
AlterNet reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time without notice , and only the current Privacy Statement may be deemed effective .

Security and privacy policy
The Alzheimer 's Association is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website .
Information we collect from you is used to improve our site , provide you a better experience , respond to your questions and process your online donations .
We collect two types of information on our website :
Web server traffic information .
This information is used to determine the number of visitors to our site , length of stay and sources of traffic .
We collect aggregate data or totals of those visiting from a domain not information identifying individual users .
We use this information to help improve our site and our service to you .
Personal information provided by you .
We collect email addresses and other personal information only when you provide it to us .
If you fill out a form or survey , request information or make a donation , we may collect your name , address , city , state , zip code , telephone number and email address .
Use of personal information
The Alzheimer 's Association collects information on our website .
We do not sell , trade or rent our website visitor 's personal information to others other than those outlined in this section .
If you willingly provide us your personal information , the Alzheimer 's Association may use it in the following ways :
When you make an online donation to us , it 's possible your name may be on some mailing lists shared with other reputable organizations .
As a donor , you may request to have your name removed from these mailing lists .
See the Your Choice section below to learn how .
Email Information Requests and Questions .
When we respond to your email requests or questions , we may collect your email address and send you Alzheimer 's Association email bulletins or news .
To opt out and remove your name from future emails of this type , follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message .
E-News : When you sign up to receive Alzheimer 's Association e-news , we collect your email address and may also notify you about other information we think you will find valuable .
To opt out and remove your name from future emails of this type , follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message .
The Association provides online registration for our major events , such as the education and research conferences and our Walk to End Alzheimer 's .
We may collect your email address and send you Alzheimer 's Association email bulletins or news .
To opt out and remove your name from future emails of this type , follow the unsubscribe instructions in the message .
Write Congress : We track the number of letters sent to members of Congress on a password-protected website .
At this time , we do not use personal information you provide us .
Please remember that any information you disclose on the message boards becomes public information .
By using the Alzheimer 's Association website , you consent to the collection and use of the information described above .
Any changes to this policy will be posted prior to their implementation .
We respect your privacy and recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you .
To remove your name from mailing lists shared with other organizations , please provide your full name , mailing address and a sentence requesting removal .
To remove your name from the Alzheimer 's Association postal mailing list , please provide your full name , mailing address and a sentence requesting suppression of your personal information in our files .
To review or correct your personal information with the Alzheimer 's Association , please provide your name and a sentence requesting a review or a correction .
We take every precaution to protect your personal information .
At the Alzheimer 's Association , your personal information is kept confidential and stored in a secure environment .
Access to your information is restricted only to authorized staff with a legitimate and specific business purpose .
For example , our finance employees need access to information to process online donations .
A cookie is a piece of data sent to your Web browser and stored on your hard drive .
Cookies help us improve our website by tracking and targeting the interests of our users as they visit different sections of our site .
Cookies do not contain any personal information .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track visitors ' movements and gather broad information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personal information .
Back to top .
The Alzheimer 's Association uses pixels , or transparent GIF files , to help manage online advertising .
Last Updated : 12/29/2013

To avail certain sites/services on amarujala.com ( `` amarujala.com '' or `` Site '' ) , users are required to provide certain information for the registration process namely : - a ) your name , b ) email address , c ) sex , d ) age , e ) PIN code , f ) credit card or debit card details g ) medical records and history h ) sexual orientation , i ) biometric information , j ) password and/or your occupation , interests , etc .
The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve our sites and provide you the most user-friendly experience .
In amarujala.com Contests sometimes we require your contact addresses .
All required information is service dependent and Amar Ujala Publications Ltd may use the above said User information to , maintain , protect , and improve its services ( including advertising services ) and for developing new services .
Such information will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is furnished under the Right to Information Act , 2005 or any other law for the time being in force .
Amar Ujala Publications Ltd includes links to other websites .
Such sites are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control .
Once you leave our servers ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site 's homepage , you should contact the site directly for more information .
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , including your IP address , when you visit our site .
( Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view . )
Your IP address does not identify you personally .
We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our site to the interests of our users , to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come .
Amar Ujala Publications Ltd shares the sensitive personal information to any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances :
a ) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences .
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms ; for complying with the applicable laws and regulations .
we may transfer personally identifiable information , if we or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to or merged with another company .
b ) Amar Ujala Publications Ltd proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf .
We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use Amar Ujala Publications Ltd 's websites , we make good faith efforts to provide you , as and when requested by you , with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible , subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required .
In any case where we provide information access and correction , we perform this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
Because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data .
All information gathered on Amar Ujala Publications Ltd is securely stored within the Amar Ujala Publications Ltd controlled database .
The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited .
However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
And , of course , any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access .
However the internet is an ever evolving medium .
We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes .
Of course , our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected , regardless of what the new policy may be .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CONTESTS
By entering the entrant represents , acknowledges , and warrants that the submitted content is an original work created solely by the entrant , that the Contestant does not infringe on the copyrights , trademarks , moral rights , rights of privacy/publicity or intellectual property rights of any person or entity , and that no other party has any right , title , claim , or interest in the photograph .
The content provided by Contestant must not , in the sole and unfettered discretion of the Sponsor , contain obscene , provocative , defamatory , sexually explicit , or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate content .
Entrants agree that this Contest shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the Government of India and the forum for any dispute shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of New Delhi .
By entering , entrants also agree ( a ) to be bound by these Official Rules ; ( b ) that the decisions of the Judges are final and binding with respect to all matters relating to the Contest ; and ( c ) if the entrant wins that Sponsor may use the content of winners and each winner 's name , content , likeness , and/or voice in any publicity or advertising relating to the Contest or future promotions without compensation or approval ( except where prohibited by law ) .
All federal , state/provincial/territorial , and local taxes , fees and surcharges and taxes ( whether foreign or domestic , and including income , sales , and import taxes ) on prizes are the sole responsibility of the prize winners .
In the event that the selected winner ( s ) of any prize is/are ineligible , can not be traced or does/do not respond within ten ( 10 ) days to a winner notification or refuses the prize , the prize will be forfeited and Sponsor , in its sole discretion , may choose whether to award the prize to another entrant .
The Sponsor reserves the right to verify the validity and originality of any entry and/or entrant ( including an entrant 's identity and address ) and to disqualify any entrant who submits an entry that is not in accordance with these Official Rules or who tampers with the entry process .
Failure by the Sponsor to enforce any of its rights at any stage does not constitute a waiver of those rights .
Amar Ujala can resell , re-purpose credits of usage of the content provided by entrant in print or online .
RIGHT TO CANCEL OR SUSPEND CONTEST
If for any reason the Contest is not capable of running as planned , due to infection by computer virus , bugs , worms , trojan horses , denial of service attacks , tampering , unauthorized intervention , fraud , technical failures , or any other causes beyond the control of Amar Ujala Publications Limited that corrupt or affect the administration , security , fairness , integrity , or proper conduct of this Contest , Amar Ujala Publications Limited reserves the right , at its sole discretion , to disqualify any individual ( s ) who tamper with the entry process , and/or to cancel , terminate , modify , or suspend the Contest .
If Sponsor elects to cancel or terminate the Contest , Sponsor will not retain any rights in the submitted contents .
Entrants agree that personal data , especially name and address , may be processed , shared , and otherwise used for the purposes and within the context of the Contest and any other purposes outlined in these Official Rules .
The data may also be used by the Sponsor in order to verify the participant 's identity , mail address , and other information or to otherwise verify the participant 's eligibility to participate in the Contest .
HOW TO CONTACT US
You may also send a letter at following address requesting assess to or correction of your personal identifiable information .
For verification purpose please include your first name , last name , email address which you have supplied on the address mentioned below :
Amar Ujala Publications Limited
C 21,22 Sector- 59
Noida ( UP ) 201301 INDIA
Tel : 0120-4694000 , 2583354
This Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated on 6th September 2013 .

Last updated : April 6 , 2012 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes our privacy policy .
By visiting Amazon.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ?
Which Information Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com ?
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program ?
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many Web sites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing , Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in .
Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives
Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com , Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses .
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon.com and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon.com , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
How Secure Is Information About Me
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com , including personalized or interest-based ads , please read our Interest-Based Ads policy .
Which Information Can I Access
Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples , the list of which will change as our Web site evolves .
What Choices Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews , and Amazon Prime .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the `` Which Information Can I Access ? '' section .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . )
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in .
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com
Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program
Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U . and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit Amazon.com , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services such as Amazon Instant Video ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ; and financial information , including Social Security and driver 's license numbers .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising , or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Co-branded and Joint Offerings
Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks , OfficeMax , American Apparel , Verizon Wireless , Sprint , T-Mobile , AT & T , J & R Electronics , PacSun , Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment .
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalized advertising preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; Recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) ; Seller accounts ; and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders , personal profile , and Wish List ) .

Last Updated : April 13 , 2012 ( Click here to see what 's changed . )
Amazon.ca knows you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we 'll do so carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes our privacy policy .
By visiting Amazon.ca , you 're accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.ca Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Does Amazon.ca Share the Information It Receives ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites ?
Which Information Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.ca ?
Does Amazon.ca Participate in the Safe Harbour Program ?
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.ca Gather
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many Web sites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.ca or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.ca on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or its subsidiaries , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.ca if your computer supports such capabilities .
Also , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers , we compare our customer list to lists received from other companies .
If you do n't want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device , to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.ca ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.ca 's essential features , we recommend you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.ca products and services that require you to Sign in .
Does Amazon.ca Share the Information It Receives
Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we 're not in the business of selling it to others .
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com , Inc. , controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with our affiliated businesses .
In some cases , these businesses may operate stores at Amazon.ca or sell offerings to you at Amazon.ca .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers : Sometimes , we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.ca customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do n't give that business your name and address .
If you do n't want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com.ca , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information of course will be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon.ca and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon.ca , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit-risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you 'll receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you 'll have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
How Secure Is Information About Me
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you enter .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It 's important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer .
Be sure to sign off when you 've finished using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.ca , including personalized or interest-based ads , please read our Interest-Based Ads policy .
Which Information Can I Access
Amazon.ca gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.ca for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples .
This list will change as our Web site evolves .
What Choices Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.ca features as Customer Reviews and Wish Lists .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the `` Which Information Can I Access ? '' section , above .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do n't want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do n't want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices still will govern your use of Amazon.ca , and it 's your responsibility to review them for changes . )
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.ca 's essential features , we recommend you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.ca products and services that require you to Sign in .
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.ca
Amazon.ca does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you 're under 18 , you may use Amazon.ca only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Does Amazon.ca Participate in the Safe Harbour Program
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by Amazon.ca is controlled by Amazon.com.ca , Inc. of 410 Terry Avenue North , Seattle , WA 98109 and stored in the U.S. Amazon.com , Inc. and its controlled U.S. subsidiaries , including Amazon.com.ca , Inc. , are participants in the Safe Harbour program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U . and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web Site .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit Amazon.ca , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , arbitration of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.ca , please contact us with a thorough description , and we 'll try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information
Amazon.ca Charter of Rights
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; make an order ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one , if you 've used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; and provide and rate reviews .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and telephone number ; credit card information ; names of people to whom purchases have been shipped , including address and telephone number ; names of people ( with addresses and telephone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; and financial information .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information , such as browser type , version and timezone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Bestseller Lists ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the telephone number used to call our customer service number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can currently access easily at Amazon.ca include up-to-date information regarding recent orders , personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) , payment settings ( including credit card information , gift certificate , gift card , and check balances ) , e-mail notification settings , Wish Lists , and recommendations .

Last Updated : October 12 , 2012 .
Amazon.co.jp knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes our privacy policy .
By visiting Amazon.co.jp , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Controllers of Personal Information
What personal information about customers does Amazon.co.jp gather and for what purpose is the information used ?
What about cookies ?
Does Amazon.co.jp share the information it receives ?
How secure is information about me ?
What about third-party advertisers and links to other websites ?
Which information can I access ?
What choices do I have ?
Are children allowed to use Amazon.co.jp ?
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program ?
Conditions of Use , Notices and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.jp is controlled primarily by Amazon.com Int'l Sales , Inc. of 410 Terry Avenue North , Seattle , WA 98109-5210 , U.S.A. and secondarily by Amazon Services International , Inc. of 410 Terry Avenue North , Seattle , WA 98109-5210 , U.S.A. and Amazon Japan K.K . of 1-8-1 Shimomeguro , Meguro-ku , Tokyo 153-0064 , Japan .
What personal information about customers does Amazon.co.jp gather and for what purpose is the information used
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.jp and provide customers with opportunities for services such as stores , platforms and search engines that Amazon.co.jp , Amazon.com , Inc. and/or their affiliates ( together , `` Amazon '' ) offer via the Internet .
We use the information to handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , products , services and promotional offers , respond to your requests , update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us , display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you .
We also use this information to improve our store and platform , to enable you to enjoy more variety of services provided via the Internet ( such as search engine services ) , prevent or detect fraud , abuses of our website or any other illegal activities when using our services and enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf .
Here are the types of information we gather :
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Amazon.co.jp or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.jp on other websites .
See the Examples of Information Collected section further down the page for examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Amazon.co.jp Communications preferences .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click Purchasing , Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.co.jp ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.jp 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them enabled .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to checkout , or use any Amazon.co.jp 's products and services that require you to sign in .
Does Amazon.co.jp share the information it receives
Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We share ( i.e . jointly use ) customer information , for such purposes as aforementioned , with subsidiaries that Amazon.com , Inc. , controls , including Amazon.com Int'l Sales , Inc. , Amazon Services International , Inc. , and Amazon Japan K.K. , that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control
We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.jp or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.jp .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses .
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share ( i.e . jointly use ) or transfer customer information related to those transactions with or to that third-party pursuant to the requirements of Japanese laws .
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Sometimes , we send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communications Preferences .
As we continue to develop our business , Amazon might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon and Others
We release account and other personal information subject to the requirements by applicable law when we determine release is appropriate to comply with the requirements of laws or public institutions ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection , piracy protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive a notice when information about you might go to third parties , in order to provide you an opportunity to choose not to have your information transferred .
How Secure is Information about Me
At Amazon.co.jp , we work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
Amazon.co.jp reveals only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.jp , including interest-based or personalized ads , please read our Interest Based Ads Policy .
Which Information Can I Access
Amazon.co.jp gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.jp for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples , the list of which will change as our website evolves .
What Choices Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.jp features as Your `` Profile `` , `` Wish Lists '' , `` Customer Reviews `` , and `` Amazon Prime `` .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the `` What Information Can I Access ? '' section on this page .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.jp , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . )
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements that we display to you , please adjust your `` Advertising Preferences '' .
The help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.jp 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you may not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to checkout , or use any Amazon.co.jp products and services that require you to sign in .
Are children allowed to use Amazon.co.jp
If you are under 20 years old , you may use Amazon.co.jp only with authorization from a parent or legal guardian .
Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program
Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U . and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively .
For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit Amazon.co.jp , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the laws of Japan .
If you have any concern or request about privacy at Amazon.co.jp , please contact us with a thorough description to `` Customer Service '' , and we will try to solve it .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
Amazon.co.jp may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Amazon.co.jp Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.co.jp or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Customer Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder and employ other Personal Notification Services , such as Available to Order Notifications .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , phone number ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including address and phone number ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in Your Profile , and financial information .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , as timezone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as `` Top Sellers '' ; your user ID used to purchase digital contents ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our website , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our customer service number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , flash cookies ( also known as flash local shared objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising , or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web-search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud , and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Co-branded and Joint Offerings
We work with other businesses such as credit card companies to offer other payment options .
In the future , we may offer joint or co-branded products and services such as those offered on Amazon.com 's U.S. website for Starbucks , OfficeMax , American Apparel , Verizon Wireless , Sprint , T-Mobile , AT & T , J & R Electronics , PetSmart , PacSun , Eddie Bauer , and Northern Tool + Equipment .
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily on Amazon.co.jp include up-to-date information regarding recent orders , personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalized advertising preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) , payment settings ( including credit card information , Cash on Delivery , Convenience store / ATM / Internet banking / e-Money payment and Amazon Points , promotional coupon and Amazon Gift Certificate balances ) , e-mail notification settings ( including Alerts , Available to Order notifications , Delivers ) , recommendations ( including recent product view history , prior order history ) , shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists ) , and Marketplace seller accounts ; and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Requests , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders and personal profile ) .

Last Updated : 25 September 2012 .
To view changes to the Privacy Notice please click here
Amazon.co.uk knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes the privacy policy of Amazon.co.uk .
By visiting Amazon.co.uk , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.co.uk Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Does Amazon.co.uk Share the Information it Receives ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ?
What Information Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.co.uk ?
Examples of Information Collected
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.uk is controlled by Amazon EU SARL , Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL ( the data controllers ) , all three at 5 Rue Plaetis L-2338 , Luxembourg .
Amazon.co.uk Ltd of Patriot Court , 1-9 The Grove , Slough , Berkshire , England SL1 1QP UK acts as data processor on behalf of the data controllers .
Amazon.com , Inc. and its controlled US subsidiaries are participants in the Safe Harbour programme developed by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union .
These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the US and the EU .
For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view these Amazon Group companies ' certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbour website .
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.co.uk Gather
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.uk .
We use the information to handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , products , services and promotional offers , update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us , display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you .
We also use this information to improve our store and platform , prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customising future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use `` cookies '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.co.uk or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.uk on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or its subsidiaries and , where applicable , have requested or consented to location services , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as search results , and other personalised content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , click here .
E-mail Communications : to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.co.uk if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences
Information from Other Sources : we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
To enable our systems to recognise your device and to provide features to you , we use cookies .
For more information about cookies and how we use them , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy .
Does Amazon.co.uk share the Information it receives
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
Amazon.co.uk shares customer information only as described below and with Amazon.com , Inc. and the subsidiaries which Amazon.com , Inc. , controls and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.uk or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.uk .
In other cases , we operate stores , provide services or sell product lines jointly with or on behalf of these businesses .
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analysing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Further , they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws .
Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.co.uk customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Amazon.co.uk and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of Amazon.co.uk , our users or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice .
With your consent : other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above , we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection .
How Secure Is Information About Me
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection , storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information .
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer .
Click here for more information on how to sign off .
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites
Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites .
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.uk , including personalised or interest-based ads , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy .
What Information Can I Access
Amazon.co.uk gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.uk for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
Click here to see some examples .
This list will change as our website evolves .
What Choices Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.uk features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews and Amazon Prime .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access ? section .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences .
( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and Sale and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.uk and orders placed with Amazon.co.uk , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . )
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.uk 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.co.uk products and services that require you to Sign in .
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.co.uk does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.co.uk only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.co.uk , please e-mail us with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you .
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use and Sale will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you : search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.co.uk or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or your Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as : your name ; address and phone number ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been dispatched ( including addresses and phone numbers ) ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in your Your Profile ; and financial information .
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include : the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version ; and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions ; operating system and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and any phone number used to call our customer service number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page.We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services .
Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu .
For information about specific devices , click here .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include : updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Co-Branded and Joint Offerings
We may from time to time offer joint or co-branded products and services .
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.co.uk include : up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalised advertising preferences , address book and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit-card information and gift certificate , gift card and cheque balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) Seller accounts and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders and personal profile ) .

American Express Online Privacy Statement
We have updated our Privacy Statement as of Dec 2 , 2013 .
To review older version please click here .
Download and print this Privacy Statement as a PDF here .
Effective Date : January 1 , 2014
At American Express , we are committed to safeguarding your privacy .
We want you to know how we may collect , use , share , and keep information about you and the choices that are available to you .
When we provide American Express products or services to you , we may also give you specific additional details about how we will use your personal information .
If you have an American Express product or service that is not provided by American Express ( such as a card issued by one of our partner banks ) , please review the relevant privacy notice that covers such product or service or contact your product or service provider for information about their privacy practices .
This online privacy statement applies to American Express websites and online applications that run on smart phones , tablets , and other mobile devices ( apps ) that link to this statement .
It does not apply to those websites that have their own online privacy statements including the American Express Network website , amexnetwork.com .
Our websites and apps are not intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly solicit data online from , or market online to , children under 13 years of age .
Since we may change this online privacy statement , we recommend that you check the current version available from time to time .
If we make changes to this statement , we will update the Effective Date at the top of this page .
What is in this Online Privacy Statement
What information does this Online Privacy Statement cover ?
What information do we collect online and how do we collect it ?
How do we use the information we collect about you ?
How do we share your information ?
How do we treat your Personal Information ?
How do we handle Aggregate and De-identified Information ?
How do we keep and safeguard your information ?
What are your choices ?
Do you have questions about the Online Privacy Statement ?
What information does this Online Privacy Statement cover
This online privacy statement describes how we ( and our Service Providers ) may collect , use , share and keep information that we get about you online .
We gather Online Information if you :
Visit or use our website or apps ;
Receive or reply to electronic communications from us ;
View or click on our ads or other online content ; and
Interact with us through social media websites and other websites and apps .
In this statement , we also explain how we may combine Online Information with Other Information and how we then use the combined information .
What information do we collect and how do collect it
The types of information we collect depends on which product or service you use .
Sometimes you give information directly to us ( or to our Service Providers ) .
For example , you might give us your name , account number , email , mailing address , phone number , or date of birth when you :
fill out an online form or survey , including when you book travel with us ;
register , log into or update the settings on your account using our online services ;
enter a competition or register for a marketing offer ; or
buy something on our websites .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) also collect information through Cookies and Similar Technologies .
Most Cookies and Similar Technologies will only collect De-Identified Information such as how you arrive at our website or your general location .
However , certain Cookies and Similar Technologies do collect Personal Information .
For example , if you click Remember Me when you log in to our website , a cookie will store your username .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) may collect information using Cookies and Similar Technologies about :
the device you use to browse our websites or use our apps ( for example , we may collect information about the operating system or the browser version and the type of device you use to open electronic communications from us ) ;
the IP Address and information related to that IP Address ( such as domain information , your internet provider and general geographic location ) ;
browsing history on our websites or apps ( such as what you search for , the pages you view , how long you stay , and how often you come back ) ;
how you search for our websites or apps , from which website you came from , and which of our Business Partners ' websites you visit ;
which ads or online content from us and our Business Partners you view , access , or click on ;
your browsing activities over time and across other websites , following your visit to one of our websites or apps ;
whether you open our electronic communications and which parts you click on ; and
the location of your mobile device ( for example , when you use our mobile websites or apps to register to receive location-based content ) .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) may also collect information made publicly available through third-party platforms ( such as online social media platforms ) , through online databases or directories , or that is otherwise legitimately obtained .
This information may be governed by the privacy notice ( s ) provided by the third party at the time of collection .
How do we use the information we collect about you
We may use Online Information we collect about you on its own or combine it with Other Information to :
deliver products and services , including to :
recognize you when you return to our websites or use our apps ;
tell you about updates to your accounts , products , and services ;
update you about new features and benefits ;
answer questions and respond to your requests made through our websites or apps and through third-party websites ( including social media ) ;
use the location of your mobile device for location-based services that you may request ;
determine how to best provide services to you and manage your accounts , such as the best way and time to contact you ;
improve our websites or apps and make them easier to use ;
advertise and market our products and services and those of our Business Partners including to :
present content that is tailored to your interests , including Targeted Advertising ;
send or provide you with ads , promotions , and offers ;
analyze whether our ads , promotions , and offers are effective ;
help us determine whether you may be interested in new products or services ;
conduct research and analysis , including to :
better understand our customers and our website visitors or app users ;
allow you to give feedback by rating and reviewing our products and services and those of our Business Partners ;
produce data analytics , statistical research , and reports ;
review and change our products and services ;
manage fraud and security risk , including to :
detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity ;
safeguard the security of your information ;
assess credit risks relating to our business , including to :
evaluate and process your applications for our products and services and manage your existing accounts ; and
use it in other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent .
How do we share your information
Some Online Information is Personal Information .
How do we treat your Personal Information ?
We do not share Personal Information with anyone except as described below .
We may share Personal Information as required or as permitted by law , such as :
with credit bureaus and similar institutions to report or ask about your financial circumstances , and to report or collect debts you owe ;
with regulatory authorities , courts , and governmental agencies to comply with legal orders , legal or regulatory requirements , and government requests ;
with our Service Providers , regulatory authorities , and governmental agencies to detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity , and to protect the rights of American Express or others ;
within the American Express Family of Companies ;
with our Service Providers who perform services for us and help us operate our business ( we require Service Providers to safeguard Personal Information and only use your Personal Information for the purposes we specify ) ;
with financial institutions or Co-brand Partners with whom we jointly offer or develop products and services ( but they may not use your Personal Information - in particular your email address - to independently market their own products or services to you unless you consent that they can do so ) ;
in the context of a sale of all or part of the American Express Family of Companies or their assets ; or
for specific products or services , when you have given your consent .
We may transfer Personal Information to Service Providers or companies within the American Express Family of Companies throughout the world , for example , to process transactions and provide you with our products or services .
Regardless of where we process your information , we still protect it in the manner described in this online privacy statement and according to the applicable laws .
How we handle Aggregated and De-identified Information ?
Aggregated Information or De-identified Information does not identify you individually ; it helps us to analyze patterns among groups of people .
We may share Aggregated Information or De-identified Information in several ways , for example :
for the same reasons as we might share Personal Information ;
with Business Partners to help develop and market products or services and present targeted content and Targeted Advertising ;
with Business Partners to conduct analysis and research about customers and website visitors ; or
with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place ads ( including ads of our Business Partners ) on various websites and apps , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads .
How do we keep and safeguard your information
We use administrative technical and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and facilities .
We take reasonable steps to securely destroy or permanently de-identify Personal Information when we no longer need it .
We will keep your Online Information only as long as we must to deliver our products and services , unless we are required by law or regulation or for litigation and regulatory investigations to keep it .
What are your choices
You have choices about how American Express uses your information , such as how we market to you or how we manage Cookies and Similar Technologies .
We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) self-regulatory program and adhere to the DAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here to learn more about the DAA and your choices related to Targeted Advertising .
If you do not want to receive Targeted Advertising from American Express , click here .
What are your choices about how we directly market to you ?
You can choose how you would like to receive direct marketing communications - whether we send them to you through postal mail , email and/or telephone .
If you choose to not receive marketing communications from us , we will honor your choice .
Please be aware that if you choose not to receive such communications , certain offers attached to the product or services you have chosen may be affected .
We will still communicate with you in connection with servicing your account , fulfilling your requests , or administering any promotion or any program in which you have elected to participate .
Go to americanexpress.com , log in , and update your privacy preferences ; or
Click unsubscribe on the bottom of e-mails and follow the instructions ; or
Call 1-855-AXP-PRIV or visit the website associated with your product .
( does not apply for e-mail opt-out ) .
If your card is not issued by American Express , you must contact your issuer to opt out .
If you do not want us to share De-identified Information collected via Cookies and Similar Technologies with our Business Partners for their own analysis , research , and marketing purposes , click here .
Including customers of Global Prepaid , Personal Savings , and Serve
Call 1-855-AXP-PRIV ; or
Visit the website associated with your product .
Go to americanexpress.com/merchants , log in to Online Merchant Services , and select `` update your email address ; '' or
What other choices do you have ?
You can also :
register for the National Do Not Call List at donotcall.gov/default.aspx ;
register for the Direct Marketing Association 's Mail Preference Service at dmachoice.org/register.php ; and/or
click unsubscribe on the bottom of e-mails and follow the instructions or go to americanexpress.com/preferences .
If you have questions about our online privacy statement , call us at the number on the back of your Card or at the following :
How can you update your Personal Information
Card Members can log in to their Card accounts at americanexpress.com to correct or update their Personal Information .
They can also call the number on the back of their Card .
Non Card Members can call the customer service number associated with their product .
Aggregated Information -- data or information relating to multiple people which has been combined or aggregated .
Aggregated Information includes information that we create or compile from various sources , including card transactions or certain data from Cookies and Similar Technologies .
American Express ( we , our , us ) -- the American Express Company as identified at the beginning of this online privacy statement .
American Express Family of Companies -- any affiliate and subsidiary of , and any company owned or controlled by , the American Express Company .
Business Partners -- any third parties with whom we conduct business and have a contractual relationship , such as a business that accepts American Express branded cards .
Co-brand Partners -- businesses we partner with to offer cards featuring both brand logos .
Cookies and Similar Technologies -- a cookie is a small data file that a website transfers to your computer 's hard drive .
We may place cookies when you visit our website or another company 's websites where our ads appear or when you make purchases , request or personalize information , or register for certain services .
If you accept the cookies used on our website , websites that are powered by another company on our behalf , or websites where our ads appear , you may give us access to information about your interests .
We may use that information to personalize your experience .
Similar technologies such as web beacons , pixels , gifs , and tags also do the same thing .
We use the term Cookies and Similar Technologies in this statement to refer to all technologies that collect information in this way .
De-identified Information -- data or information used in a way that does not identify you to a third party .
We often derive De-Identified Information from Personal Information .
It includes information that we may collect from various sources , such as card transactions or certain data from Cookies and Similar Technologies .
IP Address -- a number assigned to a device when connecting to the Internet .
Online Information -- data or information collected on the American Express websites and apps as well as on websites and apps of third parties relating to topics about our business .
Other Information -- American Express internal information ( for example , Card transaction data ) , external data that financial companies use to process applications and complete transactions , and other online and offline information we collect from or about you .
Personal Information -- information that can identify a person , such as name , address , telephone number , and email address .
Service Providers -- any vendor , third party and/or company that performs business operations on our behalf , such as printing , mailing , and other communications services ( email , direct mail , etc . ) , marketing , data processing , servicing , collections , or ad management .
Targeted Advertising -- ads we , or our Service Providers , or Third-Party Ad-Serversdisplay on websites outside the American Express Family of Companies based on the preferences or interests inferred from data collected from a particular computer or device regarding web viewing behaviors over time and across different websites
Third-Party Ad-Servers -- companies that provide the technology to place ads on websites ( and apps ) and track how ads perform .
These companies may also place and access cookies on your device .
The information they collect from our websites is in a form that does not identify you personally .

AMERICAN EXPRESS PUBLISHING , A DIVISION OF TIME INC . AFFLUENT MEDIA GROUP , * PRIVACY POLICY
* AMERICAN EXPRESS PUBLISHING is a trademark of American Express Marketing & Development Corp. and is used under limited license .
Affluent Media Group is not affiliated with American Express Company or its subsidiaries .
Effective Date : November 11 , 2013
American Express Publishing ( `` AEP , '' `` we , '' `` our '' or `` us '' ) , a division of Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group , is committed to safeguarding your privacy .
We want you to know how we may collect , use , share , and keep information about you and the choices that are available to you .
Click here for a list of the businesses that are governed by this Privacy Policy .
This online privacy policy applies to AEP sites , applications , products , publications and services that reference this policy .
AEP is not affiliated with American Express Company or its subsidiaries , and this Policy does not apply to those sites that have their own online privacy policies such as the American Express website , americanexpress.com , and the American Express Network website , amexnetwork.com .
Our sites , applications , products , publications and services are not intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly solicit data online from , or market online to , children under 13 years of age .
Since we may change this online privacy policy from time to time , we recommend that you check the current version available .
What is in this online privacy policy ?
What information does this online privacy policy cover ?
What information do we collect and how do we collect it ?
How do we use the information we collect about you ?
Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers
How do we share your information ?
How we treat your Personal Information
How we handle aggregate and de-identified information
How do we keep and safeguard your information ?
What are your choices ?
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
How we serve advertising
Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information
How to Contact Us
What information does this online privacy policy cover
This online privacy policy describes how we ( and our Service Providers ) may collect , use , share , and keep information that we get about you .
We gather Online Information , which is data or information collected on the AEP sites and applications as well as on sites and applications of third parties relating to topics about our business , and Other Information , which is AEP internal information ( for example subscription transaction data ) , external data used to process transactions and other online and offline data , including data collected from or about you via telephone , postal mail , in person and from Business Partners .
We gather Online Information and Other Information if you :
Visit or use our sites , applications , products , publications or services ;
Order publications or other products ;
Receive or reply to communications from us ;
View or click on our ads or engage with other online content or in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities ;
Interact with us through social media sites and other sites and applications ; and
In this policy , we also explain how we may combine Online Information and Other Information we collect from you and how we then use the combined information .
What information do we collect and how do we collect it
The types of information we collect depends on which product or service you use .
Sometimes you give information directly to us ( or to our Service Providers ) .
For example , you might give us your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , date of birth and credit or debit card information in order to :
Subscribe to or purchase any of our products or services , such as our publications ( hyperlink to product page ) or club memberships ( hyperlink to product page that includes list of clubs/events ) ;
Fill out a form or survey ;
Give us information for consideration for content on a website or in a magazine or application .
This might include writing an essay , taking photographs or videos , and other activities .
Register , log into or update the settings on your account using our online services ;
Enter a competition or register for a marketing offer ; or
Buy something on our sites and in our applications .
At some AEP sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) also collect information through Cookies and Similar Technologies .
Most Cookies and Similar Technologies will only collect De-Identified Information such as how you arrive at our website or your general location .
However , certain Cookies and Similar Technologies do collect Personal Information .
For example , if you click Remember Me when you log in to our website , a cookie will store your information .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) may collect information using Cookies and Similar Technologies about :
The device you use to browse our sites ( for example , we may collect information about the operating system or the browser version and the type of computer or mobile device , including other identifying details ) ;
The IP Address and information related to that IP Address ( such as domain information , your internet provider and general geographic location ) ;
Browsing history on our site ( such as what you search for , the pages you view , how long you stay , and how often you come back ) ;
How you search for our site , from which sites you visit to our site , and which of our Business Partners ' sites you visit ;
Which ads or online content from us and our Business Partners you view , access , or click on ;
Whether you open our electronic communications and which parts you click on
The location of your mobile device ( for example , when you use our mobile sites or apps to register to receive location-based content ) .
We ( and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers ) also may collect information made publicly available through third-party platforms ( such as social media sites ) , online databases or other directories .
How do we use the information we collect about you
We may use Online Information we collect about you on its own or combine it with Other Information we have about you to :
Deliver products and services , including to :
recognize you when you return to our sites ;
tell you about updates to your membership , products , and services ;
answer questions and respond to your requests made through our sites and through third-party sites ( including social media ) ;
improve our sites and make them easier to use ;
Use the location of your mobile device to prevent fraud or deliver other location-based services that you may request ;
Protect your information ;
Update you about new features and benefits ;
Determine how to best provide services to you , such as the best way to contact you ;
Advertise and market our products and services - and those of our Business Partners - including to :
present Targeted Advertising send or provide you with ads , promotions , and offers ;
analyze whether our ads , promotions , and offers are effective ;
help us determine whether you may be interested in new products or services ;
Conduct research and analysis , including to :
better understand our customers and site visitors ;
allow you to give feedback by rating and reviewing our products and services and those of our Business Partners ;
produce data analytics , statistical research , and reports ;
review and change our products and services ;
Use it in other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent .
Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code Section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
( Note : AEP sites do not recognize the `` do not track signals '' that some browsers may employ . )
As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here .
To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
How do we share your information
Some Online Information and Other Information is Personal Information , which is information that can identify a person , such as name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , date of birth and credit or debit card information .
How we treat your Personal Information
We do not share Personal Information with anyone except as described below .
We may share Personal Information as required or as permitted by law , such as :
With regulatory authorities , courts , and governmental agencies to comply with legal orders , legal or regulatory requirements , and government requests ;
With our Service Providers , regulatory authorities , and governmental agencies to detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity , and to protect the rights of AEP or others ;
Within the other divisions of Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group that share this privacy policy ;
With our Service Providers who perform services for us and help us operate our business ( we require Service Providers to safeguard Personal Information and only use your Personal Information for the purposes we specify ) ;
With Business Partners who may wish to contact you about products , services , and offers that may interest you , either in conjunction with AEP or by themselves .
These Business Partners ' practices are not covered by this privacy policy .
( If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with our Business Partners in the future , please click here . ) ;
In the context of a sale of all or part of American Express Publishing or Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group or their assets ; or
For specific products or services , when you have given your consent .
Also , we may transfer Personal Information to Service Providers or companies within the Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group throughout the world , for example , to process transactions and provide you with our products or services .
Regardless of where we process your information , we still protect it in the manner described in this privacy policy and according to the applicable laws .
How we handle Aggregate and De-Identified Information
Aggregate Information or De-Identified Information does not identify you individually ; it helps us to analyze patterns among groups of people .
We may share Aggregate Information or De-Identified Information in several ways , for example :
For the same reasons as we might share Personal Information ;
With Business Partners to help develop and market products and deliver targeted content and ads ;
With Business Partners to conduct analysis and research about customers and site visitors ; or
With Third-Party Ad-Servers to place ads ( including ads of our Business Partners ) on various sites and applications , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data .
How do we keep and safeguard your information
We use administrative , technical and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and facilities .
No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen .
We will keep your Online Information and Other Information as long as necessary to deliver our products and services , unless we are required by law or regulation or for litigation and regulatory investigations to keep it for a longer period of time .
What are your choices
You have choices about how AEP uses your information , such as how we market to you or how we manage Cookies or Similar Technologies [ 1 ] .
What are your choices about how we directly market to you
You can choose how you would like to receive direct marketing communications - whether we send them to you through postal mail , email and/or telephone .
If you choose to not receive marketing communications from us , we will honor your choice .
Please be aware that if you choose not to receive such communications , certain offers attached to the products or services you have chosen may be affected .
We will still communicate with you in connection with servicing your account , fulfilling your requests , or administering any promotion or any program in which you have elected to participate .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information .
AEP sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties .
By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the AEP site and the third parties .
AEP has no control over the third parties ' use of this information .
How we serve advertising
We use reputable third parties to serve advertisements , including Online Behavioral Advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements .
This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) .
For additional information on advertisements and your Online Behavioral Advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page .
Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates .
We encourage you to review and update the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate or incomplete by contacting us as described in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records .
Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements .
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our online privacy policy , you may contact us by 1-866-642-1356 or write to us at
Attention : Consumer Affairs
3000 University Center Drive
Tampa , Florida 33612-6408
Click here to email us if you have any questions about our online privacy policy .
Aggregate Information - data or information relating to multiple people which has been combined or aggregated .
Aggregate Information includes information that we create or compile from various sources , including subscriptions or certain data from Cookies and Similar Technologies .
American Express Publishing ( `` we , '' `` our , '' `` us '' ) , - a division of Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group .
All rights reserved .
AMERICAN EXPRESS PUBLISHING is a trademark of American Express Marketing & Development Corp. and is used under limited license .
Affluent Media Group is not affiliated with American Express Company or its subsidiaries .
Affluent Media Group - any affiliate and subsidiary of , and any company owned or controlled by , the Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group .
Business Partners - any third parties with whom we conduct business and have a contractual relationship , such as a business that advertises on our sites , applications or within our products .
Cookies and Similar Technologies - A cookie is a small data file that a website transfers to your computer 's hard drive .
We may send cookies when you visit our site or sites where our ads appear or when you make purchases , request or personalize information , or register for certain services .
If you accept the cookies used on our site , sites that are powered by another company on our behalf , or sites where our ads appear , you may give us access to information about your interests .
We may use that information to personalize your experience .
Similar technologies such as web beacons , pixels , gifs , and tags also do the same thing .
We use the term Cookies and Similar Technologies in this policy to refer to all technologies that collect information in this way .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies , and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused Cookies and Similar Technologies .
De-identified Information - data or information used in a way that does not identify you to a third party .
We often derive De-Identified Information from Personal Information .
It includes information that we may collect from various sources , such as subscriptions or certain data from Cookies and Similar Technologies .
IP Address - a number assigned to a device when connecting to the Internet .
Service Providers - any vendor , third party and/or company that performs business operations on our behalf , such as printing , mailing , and other communications services ( email , direct mail , etc . ) , marketing , data processing , servicing , collections , or ad management .
Targeted Advertising - Ads that we , or our Service Providers , display on our sites and outside the Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group based on the preferences or interests inferred from data collected from a particular computer or device regarding web viewing behaviors over time and across different websites .
Third-Party Ad-Servers - companies that provide the technology to place ads on sites and mobile applications and track how ads perform .
These companies may also place and access cookies on your computer and device .
The information they collect from our sites is in a form that does not identify you personally .
2014 American Express Publishing , a division of Time Inc .
Affluent Media Group .
All rights reserved .
AMERICAN EXPRESS PUBLISHING is a trademark of American Express Marketing & Development Corp. and is used under limited license .
Affluent Media Group is not affiliated with American Express Company or its subsidiaries .

ANA Privacy Policy ( PDF/585KB )
Click here to `` Handling of the information on a website ''
[ Japanese | English | Deutsch | Franais | Chinese | Korean ]
Built on a foundation of
the wings within ourselves
help to fulfill the hopes and
dreams of an interconnected world .
ANA will always offer safe and hospitable service within the air transportation industry , in accordance with the above Mission Statement .
Within ANA 's business operations , our customers ' personal information is essential in order for us to provide fully satisfactory services .
We recognize the importance of the information received from our customers , and make efforts in handling this information .
For your safe and trusted use of ANA , we fully instruct our executives and employees about laws and company regulations related to personal information , and have established our company 's structure , to include measures for safety and exert maximum effort toward appropriate management and use of each customer 's personal information .
Handling of Personal Information
2.Purpose of collecting personal information 7.Managing personal information
3.Collecting personal information 8.Disclosure , correction , deletion , addition , discontinuance , and erasure
4.Disclosure to a third party 9.Inquiries and submission of request for disclosures
5.Data sharing 10.Application and modification of the Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy will apply to all customers using ANA services and products .
2.Purpose of collecting personal information
Personal information obtained from customers will be used for the following purposes :
[ 1 ] Reservations , ticket sales , check-in , airport services , and in-flight services with regard to air transport services
[ 2 ] Reservations , ticket sales , check-in , airport services for interline transportation , wet lease , code share , intermodal transportation .
[ 3 ] Service provisions for ANA Mileage Club members
[ 4 ] Guidance , provision , and management of other services and products offered by ANA
[ 5 ] All operations incidental or related to the above [ 1 ] - [ 4 ]
[ 6 ] Implementation of questionnaires concerning service and products , etc . offered by ANA
[ 7 ] Development of new services and products
[ 8 ] Management and information provision for various events and campaigns
[ 9 ] Notification of services and products offered by ANA
[ 10 ] Management and notification of services , products , events and campaigns of ANA Group companies and partner companies .
[ 11 ] Responses to inquiries and requests
ANA will obtain personal information only by fair , appropriate means .
4.Disclosure to a third party
ANA will not disclose or provide personal customer information to any third parties except under the following circumstances or for the following purposes .
Note that provision of information to data sharing partners and business entrusted companies are not deemed to constitute disclosure or provision to third parties .
[ 1 ] Customer consent has been obtained .
[ 2 ] Disclosure or provision is required by laws or regulations .
[ 3 ] Disclosure is required to protect human life , health , or property in cases where obtaining customer consent is difficult .
[ 4 ] Disclosure is required to cooperate with the public affairs of national or local governments , and when obtaining customer consent is likely to hinder the administration of public affairs .
[ 5 ] Before providing information , the following information is provided and made available to the respective customer , and provision of such information may be suspended upon the customer 's request : 1 ) The purpose of obtaining information is to provide such information to a third party ; 2 ) Specific personal data items to be provided to a third party ; 3 ) The means by which such personal information is provided to a third party ; and 4 ) Provisions of personal information identifying individual customers shall be suspended upon the customers ' request .
[ 6 ] Data or information is provided in a format that does not disclose identity , as in statistical data .
[ 7 ] Information is provided as a result of the succession of business due to a merger , company split , transfer of business or otherwise .
ANA shall share personal customer information as follows .
Scope of Data Sharing ANA HOLDINGS INC. Air Japan Co. , Ltd .
ANA WINGS Co. , Ltd. ANA Sales Co. , Ltd . companies *1
Purpose of use by the user
( 1 ) For development of new services and products , etc .
( 2 ) For notification of new products and services by direct mail , etc .
( 3 ) For delivery and transfer to the relevant company in the event of an inquiry , application for use or other request from a customer regarding products and services provided by ANA Group companies .
( 4 ) For appropriate and smooth fulfillment of other transactions with customers , etc .
Provision of air transportation services Provision of information required for tours , hotels , and other air travel services and related operations
Personal information items to be shared AMC Number , Customer Name , Address , Telephone and Fax numbers , E-mail Address , Business contact ( Name of Company , Department , Title , Address , Telephone and Fax Numbers ) , Mailing Address , Member Card Type , Member Service Qualification , Membership Area , Mileage Status , Credit-card number and expiration date , need for wheelchair arrangements , Flight reservation and cancellation information , boarding status , etc .
AMC Number , Customer Name , Address , Telephone and Fax numbers , E-mail Address , Business contact ( Name of Company , Department , Title , Address , Telephone and Fax Numbers ) , Mailing Address , Member Card Type , Member Service Qualification , Membership Area , Mileage Status , Credit-card number and expiration date , need for wheelchair arrangements , etc .
Party responsible for management of personal information ANA
*1 ANA Sales Co. , Ltd companies
ANA Sales Co. , Ltd ANA Tours China Co. , Ltd ANA Sales Americas ANA Sales Europe Ltd .
From time to time , ANA may entrust its business operations to third parties to which personal information may also be disclosed to the extent required .
In these cases , we will implement all appropriate measures with such third parties to safeguard the confidentiality of customer data , including establishing agreements on the handling of such personal information .
We manage our customers ' information according to the strictest standards and take the utmost care to prevent leaks , loss , or alterations .
We ensure that our board members and employees are properly trained regarding appropriate handling to safeguard the security of information identifying individual customers .
An appropriate retention period for personal information shall be established separately in accordance with the purpose for which such information is used .
Following the expiration of this period , we shall dispose of the information in question by appropriate methods .
8.Disclosure , correction , deletion , addition , discontinuance , and erasure
Any customer request submitted in the manner specified for 1 ) the disclosure , 2 ) the correction , deletion , or addition , or 3 ) the discontinuance and erasure of personal information held by ANA shall be handled as follows , within a reasonable timeframe , after such requests are determined to be authentic .
A customer request may be rejected partially or entirely if compliance with such request would endanger the life , health , or property of the customer or a third party ; seriously impact ANA 's business operations ; or result in a violation of laws or regulations .
1 ) Appropriate acknowledgement will be made of receipt of disclosure requests .
2 ) Correction , deletion , or addition shall be undertaken after due review of requests .
3 ) Discontinuance and erasure shall be undertaken by appropriate methods .
However , we remind customers that such requests may impede the provision of services to the customer , despite our best intentions .
9.Inquiries and submission of request for disclosures
Requests concerning personal customer information or other inquiries concerning personal information shall be handled as follows .
In both cases , requests will be rejected if customer identification can not be confirmed .
[ 1 ] Information desk Any customer request for disclosure , correction or deletion , addition , discontinuance ,
or erasure must be made using the specified forms , accompanied by the necessary
documents , and received by mail at the following addresses :
Matters related to ANA Mileage Club
ANA Mileage Club , Personal Information Handling Desk
P.O.Box 20 , Gate City Osaki Post Office , Tokyo , Japan 141-8411
All Nippon Airways Co. , Ltd. , Personal Information Handling Desk
Shiodome-City Center , 1-5-2 , Higashi-Shimbashi , Minato-ku , Tokyo , Japan
[ 2 ] Documents required for disclosure
Any `` request for disclosure , etc . '' must be submitted by post after completing request forms ( A ) and enclosing personal identification documents ( B ) below .
Customer requests for disclosure , etc . may not be acknowledged if any of the required information is missing .
( A ) Forms designated By ANA Get ADOBE READER
Form requesting disclosure of `` personal data '' held by ANA [ PDF/490KB ]
Form requesting modification of `` personal data '' held by ANA [ PDF/472KB ]
Form requesting discontinuance of usage of `` personal data '' held by ANA [ PDF/490KB ]
Form requesting of usage of `` personal data '' held by ANA [ PDF/423KB ]
( B ) Documents required for confirmation of identification of individual or representatives
< For the individual >
Two from either a copy of driver 's license , passport , health insurance certificate , basic resident registration card with photo , pension insurance booklet , physical disability certificate , foreign registration or certificate of seal registration .
< For the representatives >
( Legal representatives shall provide certifying document . )
Identification documents of representative
( Two from either a photocopy of the agents drivers license , passport , health insurance card , basic resident registration card with photo , pension insurance booklet , physical disability certificate , foreign resident registration certificate , or certificate of seal registration . )
[ 3 ] Fee A fee of 500 yen ( including tax ) will be charged for the request of each item for disclosure .
10.Application and modification of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how ANA handles personal customer information .
Use of ANA services and products by a customer is deemed to constitute full understanding of and consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is subject to revision by ANA at any time .
( As of April 1,2013 )
How we deal with your personal information on our website
The following describes how we treat personal information gathered via the ANA website .
If you wish to know more about our general policy on privacy protection , please refer to the ANA Privacy Policy document .
This document defines how we deal with information gathered via the ANA website and is based on the ANA Privacy Policy .
ANA makes every effort to protect your privacy so that you can use the ANA website with confidence and peace of mind .
By using the ANA website you are deemed to have understood and agreed to the following content :
This privacy policy only applies to use of the ANA website ( ana.co.jp ) and does not apply to sites managed by other companies .
In order to provide useful information and services to the user , links to other websites are introduced on the ANA site .
This privacy does apply to sites accessed via such links .
We recommend that you check the privacy protection policies of each individual website .
[ Security technology which protects personal information ]
Protection of personal information is secured using SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) encryption technology .
This means that any information you provided when using this site can not be accessed by an unauthorised third person .
Furthermore , a firewall and anti-virus measures have been installed to prevent disclosure , appropriation , alteration , etc , of personal information .
[ Site access ]
So that our customers can use our website with greater ease , the information below is collected and stored using Cookies*1 .
( When the site is accessed via mobile phone , an Individual Identification Number*2 is used to store the information instead . )
Log-in data for ANA Mileage Club Members
Data from personalised pages
Registration data from special campaigns , etc
When we send mail to our customers , the following data may be collected :
The status of HTML e-mails , ie , whether they have been opened or previewed ( using Web beacons *3 )
Whether our site has been accessed via a link in a text e-mail or HTML mail .
*1 Cookies A technology used to identify a user 's computer .
The Help button on the tool-bar of almost all browsers explains how to refuse the registration of new Cookies , how to switch off the Cookie function , and can also be used to alert you to a new Cookie .
*2 Individual identification number
Based on the mobile phone calling in .
*3 Web beacon Minute pictures invisible to the naked eye ( 1x1 pixel GIF ) that are embedded into webpages or HTML e-mails and used to record the following data : opening/ previewing of e-mails , and access to websites using links in e-mails .
ANA uses Web beacons when distributing HTML e-mail ( except reservation related e-mails ) .

What does this Privacy Statement cover ?
What personal information does Ancestry collect ?
How does Ancestry use your personal information ?
Will Ancestry disclose any of your personal information to third parties ?
May you refuse to provide personal information to Ancestry ?
Managing Your Privacy Settings
What about non-personal information , `` cookies '' and IP addresses ?
How do you report , change or delete personal information about you or your family
Changes , updates and consent
Contact us about privacy
This Privacy Statement applies to visitors and new users registering on the Website on or after June 28 , 2013 and to all users already registered or subscribing to the Website on or after July 29 , 2013 .
For previous versions of the Privacy Statement click here .
By using this Website and the Services you consent to the collection , use , storage and disclosure of your personal information by Ancestry in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
What does this Privacy Statement cover
Ancestry 's mission is to help everyone discover , preserve and share their family history .
We accomplish this by using the resources available on our various websites and also through collaborating with our extensive number of users around the world .
This may involve the collecting , processing , storing and sharing of personal information .
We want to ensure that this is done in a responsible , transparent and secure environment that fosters your trust and confidence .
You should visit our Privacy Center to learn more about our approach on privacy .
In this Privacy Statement , Ancestry shall mean Ancestry.com Operations , Inc of 360 W , 4800 N , Provo , UT 84604 for users of Ancestry.com ( referred also as Ancestry , us , our or we ) .
In this document we provide information on what personal information is collected and why as well as how we use the personal information to provide you with a personalized , relevant , user-friendly experience on the websites ( collectively , the Website ) and mobile websites and applications that we operate worldwide and which link directly to this Privacy Statement .
Ancestry has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's program does not cover information that may be collected through any downloadable software that may be available on our Website or from third party sites , which are covered by their own privacy statements , which you should review .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy statement or practices , please contact us at here ( or via the information below ) .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Ancestry complies with the U.S. E.U . and U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Ancestry has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Much of the personal information on our Website is uploaded by users for their own personal and private purposes .
We recognize the confidentiality of information that may be disclosed by users in registering or making purchases from our Website or performing their family history research and we are firmly committed to protecting your privacy choices .
As a reminder , by registering with the Website you are becoming part of the Ancestry Community a collaborative resource in which our users and their relatives participate and it comprises the users of the Website and other websites and platforms owned or operated by Ancestry.com and its group companies ( Group Companies ) ( including such sites as ancestry.com , ancestry.co.uk , ancestry.com.au , archives.com , ancestry.ca , rootsweb.com , genealogy.com , mundia.com ) .
Please be aware that some sites may have some additional specific policies or different functionality and you should read and / or understand these before using the relevant services .
What personal information does Ancestry collect from or about you
We primarily use your personal information to provide you with relevant information such as appropriate search results , information about content releases or other users ' activity .
Ancestry will also use registration information to let you know about new features or other offers of interest from Ancestry , or to address customer service needs and requests .
When you provide us with any personal information , that personal information may be transferred to and stored and processed in other countries which may provide a different level of protection for personal data than in your country of residence .
By providing us with personal information , you specifically consent to the transfer , storage and processing of personal information .
Please note that when you create and save a family tree , the information that you input about yourself results in the creation of a profile about you .
We will list you in our member directory which means that other members will be able to search for you by name .
If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory , you can contact us here .
Even though your profile will be searchable , other users will not be able to view your information because we protect living nodes in a tree .
Click here to read more .
To request that any unauthorized profile of you be deleted , please contact us here to request removal .
Here is a list of the type of personal information we request , collect or you provide :
i ) Name , Contact Information and Payment Details : Ancestry asks for your name and e-mail address , gender , and age when you register .
In addition we will need to know your postal address and payment details to facilitate payment and fulfillment for any subscription or purchases you may choose to make through the Website .
We may ask for similar information at other times , such as when you enter sweepstakes or other promotions sponsored by Ancestry and/or any company with which we may co-sponsor an activity .
You can log in to our site using Facebook Connect .
This service will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to sign you into our services .
Facebook Connect gives you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Click here to read more .
There are a number of features that we have within the Website , including our Member Connect feature .
Click here to read more about this .
ii ) Your Background and Interests : As a member of Ancestry , you can also choose to share certain information about yourself , your background and interests with other members .
The amount and type of profile information you share in this way is entirely your choice .
Information about some of your activity on the Website , such as historical records you save , may also be shared with other members in order to help you connect with others researching similar ancestors .
See Managing Your Privacy Settings below for more information on how you can edit or control what you allow other members to see about you and your Website activity in your Public Profile or other places on the Website .
iii ) Your Family and Others : You may also post additional personal information about yourself and others in the course of doing your , or others ' , family research on our Website , e.g. , adding a photo or birth record to a tree or sharing it with someone through our Service .
If you choose to invite other family or other members of the Ancestry Community to view and edit your family tree , we will ask you for the individual 's e-mail address .
You must first make certain that you have obtained their consent to the passing of their details by you to Ancestry .
Ancestry will only use this information for the purpose of sending a one-time email to provide the individual their access details and will not use the information we collect as a result of this process for marketing purposes .
In addition you should also make sure that information or material you wish to place on the Website about anyone living is only posted with their prior knowledge and consent .
If the person is under the legal age to enter into agreements , you represent that you have obtained the consent of the parent or guardian of the person under the legal age to enter into agreements .
In all cases , you must make the implications of the consent clear to the person ( or , if applicable , to the parent/guardian ) .
Ancestry also publishes records on its Website that it has obtained from many sources , with appropriate consents and permissions where relevant .
Some of these records may contain personal information that relates to living individuals , usually from public record sources .
See our Privacy Center for more information about this .
iv ) Your Opinions and Comments : If you participate in community discussions , chats , communications between us or between you and other members , in disputes and while communicating with member services , we will capture that information .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us here and we will consider it for removal .
v ) Your Use of the Website : While you use our Website , we may collect information based on your interaction with our Website or from the devices or computers you use to access the Websites , including web log information , page views and IP addresses on an anonymized basis .
vi ) Mobile Devices : If you access the Website using a mobile device ( for example , phones , tablets , iPads etc . ) , we collect mobile device identifiers such as the device type , IP address and the operating system .
If you use your mobile device to take a photo through our application , we will ask if you wish to include your location .
If you agree to this request , we will add your location to the photo .
We will also occasionally send you push notifications to provide you information about our services .
You may opt-out of these notifications at the device level .
How Does Ancestry use your personal information
i ) To provide the Service : We primarily use your personal information to provide you with relevant information such as appropriate search results , information about content releases or other users activity .
Ancestry may also use registration information to let you know about new features or other offers of interest from Ancestry , or to address customer service needs and requests .
We also use your data to fulfill the purposes for which you have provided the personal information , such as processing your subscription .
So that you get the most out of the Service we will also use your personal information to serve you hints about possible matches in your tree , to enable you and other members of the Ancestry Community to contact each other ( on an anonymous basis if you choose ) , as well as to provide product and Website updates and newsletters , for your Public Profile , using Member Connect etc .
See section below Managing Your Privacy Settings to learn how you can opt out or change your settings .
ii ) To verify your identity : to verify and carry out financial transactions relating to payments you make online .
iii ) For internal business purposes : such as data analysis , carrying out internal research on how our Website is used , audits , developing new products and services , improving our services , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns .
iv ) To communicate with you : Ancestry may communicate with you for the purpose of informing you of issues with your membership or changes to Ancestry or of any Ancestry-related products and services .
Our communication with you will generally be via email , but may be made via telephone or another method of communication in select circumstances .
You can also choose to receive promotional offers from third parties trusted by Ancestry .
If you do not want to continue to receive such emails , you may opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe link listed in the e-mail or by amending your 'e-mail preferences ' in the 'My Account ' section of our Website .
v ) To distribute advertisements : We do not provide advertisers with access to individual account information .
Ancestry does not sell , rent or otherwise distribute the personal information you provide us to these advertisers unless you have given us your consent to do so .
Ancestry strives to display relevant advertisements .
To that end , we use aggregated demographic information ( such as women between the ages of 45-60 ) , anonymized data compared to data from third parties , or the placement of cookies ( as discussed in more detail below ) .
In these ways , Ancestry can display relevant ads to appropriate users either on our Website or on third party websites .
Will Ancestry disclose any of my personal information to third parties
Ancestry will not disclose any of your personal information to third parties except in very limited circumstances which are set out below .
i ) In limited circumstances : Examples of the limited circumstances when Ancestry may disclose your personal information to third parties are : ( a ) with your knowledge and any relevant consents ; ( b ) as described in this statement ; ( c ) where personal information is collected through this Website ; ( d ) as may be required by law , regulatory authorities , legal process or to protect the rights or property of Ancestry or other users ( including outside your country of residence ) ; ( e ) to enforce our terms and conditions ; ( f ) to protect our rights , privacy , safety , confidentiality , reputation or property , and/or that of our Group Companies , you or others ; ( g ) to prevent fraud or cybercrime ; or ( h ) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
ii ) To Group Companies : to our Group Companies so that they may use personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement .
Ancestry is responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information .
Additionally , as our business continues to grow and change , we might restructure , buy , or sell subsidiaries or business units .
In these transactions , customer information is often one of the transferred assets , remaining subject to promises made in then prevailing privacy statements .
Also , in the event that Ancestry , or substantially all of its assets or stock are acquired , transferred , disposed of ( in whole or part and including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) , personal information will as a matter of course be one of the transferred assets ;
iii ) Third-party service providers : Under the protection of appropriate agreements , we use third parties to perform various tasks for us including for the purposes of data storage , consolidation , retrieval , analysis or the effective management of customer information .
For example , we use third parties to process payments from you and to help manage our Website and relationships with you .
These third-parties are only given access to that information needed to perform their support functions , and are prohibited from using it for other purposes .
Processors include affiliated and unaffiliated service providers in in the United States , Europe and in other jurisdictions .
With respect to processors outside Europe , we attempt to ensure adequate safeguards for your personal information , as required by applicable law and endeavour to confirm that they have adopted , are subject to , or are contractually obligated to comply with the principles and objectives of this Privacy Statement .
Please note : If you click away from our Website to visit the site of any third party advertiser or sponsor , you may be asked for your payment card or other personal information in order to purchase or use products and services offered .
These companies have their own privacy and data collection practices .
We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies .
You should therefore review their privacy notices carefully if you have concerns about how your information may be used .
May you refuse to provide personal information to Ancestry
Visitors may access Ancestry 's free services by registering with a first name , last name , gender , age , and e-mail address .
To gain full access to the paid members-only areas , a username , e-mail address and appropriate billing information are required .
The amount of other personal information you decide to submit to Ancestry is up to you but understand that your experience of the Website may suffer if you choose to provide no additional information .
Managing your privacy settings
You may share personal information through the Website in a number of ways .
Please be aware that any personal information you elect to post on our Website may be made available on our affiliates ' websites , may be visible to both registered and non-registered users of the Website , and in some instances may be publicly available through , for example public record sources such as census records or birth , marriage and death records .
You can control how you share some personal information by changing your privacy settings in the following areas ( this is found in the My Account and Trees sections of the Website ) :
Site Preferences : this allows you to control the information that others in the Ancestry.com Community see about you .
Email Settings : this allows you to control what marketing emails we send to you .
Tree Settings : this allows you to control your tree settings of Public , Private or Hidden What does this mean ?
Alerts : this allows you to control the email alerts that are sent to you .
There are also a number of default settings on the site that are there to improve your user experience as well as to protect your privacy .
Click here for more information .
What about non-personal information , `` cookies '' , IP addresses and tracking technologies
We ( either ourselves or our appointed third parties ) place cookies , small files , on your computer , to optimize and customize the Website and your experience .
Our cookies do not extract any contact information or other private or personal information from your computer 's memory , but rather record only information your computer sends us when you visit our Website .
Cookies enable our server to recognize or `` remember '' who you are each time you return .
Ancestry may make limited use of cookies to deliver content specific to your interests .
For instance , they may be used to retain your personal preferences , hold session information for a `` shopping basket , '' or save your password so it does n't have to be re-entered each time you login .
They may also be used to see how you move around and interact with the Website or may be used to show you relevant products/services ad either on or off the Website .
You can erase or block cookies from your computer if you want to ( your help screen or manual should tell you how to do this ) , but certain Ancestry services may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser not to accept cookies .
To learn more about our use of Cookies and other tracking technologies please visit our Privacy Center located here .
Our Website includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it .
When you visit our Website , we may automatically collect non-personal information about you , such as the website from which you have come to our Website , your Media Access Control address , your computer type , screen resolution , Operating System version and Internet browser .
We may also collect non-personal information such as demographic data , for example your geographic area .
Non-personal information also includes personal information that has been aggregated in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Website , for example , by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code or who are female .
Because non-personal information does not personally identify you , we may use such non-personal information for any purpose .
In addition , we reserve the right to share such non-personal information , with our Group Companies and with other third parties , for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine non-personal information with personal information ( such as combining your name with your geographical location ) .
If we do combine any non-personal information with personal information , the combined information will be treated by us as personal information , as long as it is combined , and its use by us will be subject to this Privacy Statement .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app .
`` IP addresses ''
We need your IP address to deliver the Website and our service to you and to help diagnose problems with our server .
Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our members .
Because occasionally the Ancestry Website may be partially advertiser supported , you may not `` turn off '' the advertising that appears on Ancestry pages .
These third-parties may employ cookies and action tags ( also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons ) to measure advertising effectiveness ( they do not collect personal information ) and to provide in information about your activity on this Website and other Websites to provide targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here and here ( you must do both to adequately opt-out ) .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
How do you report , change or delete information about yourself or your family
Removal of personal information from public records : Unfortunately we are not able to change the information in records published under statute , you need to contact the entity responsible for such records .
We will however consider requests for removal of personal information from the copies of the records we hold on a considered basis .
Deleting or amending your Public Profile and Tree : Any information that you have uploaded into your tree or your profile is controlled by you and can be amended or deleted by you at any time by accessing My Account .
Deleting or amending information that others have posted about you or your family : You are not able to delete or amend this information and if it has been posted by another member then you should contact them through the Website and try and resolve the issue between you .
If you can not resolve the issue then you should contact us here .
For disputes or issues with other personal information on the site about you : You may contact us by clicking here .
For your protection , we will only implement such requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request , and we may need to verify your identity before considering your request .
Please note that where you or we delete content or your account , copies of that information may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent any such copy has been shared with others , was otherwise distributed pursuant to your privacy settings , or was copied or stored by other users .
You will no longer be identified with that content .
Additionally , we may retain certain information to prevent identity theft and other misconduct even if deletion has been requested .
If you have given third party applications or websites access to your information , they may retain your information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies but they will no longer be able to access the information through our platform after you disconnect from them .
Backup copies : Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable time for our internal business purposes but will not be available to others .
Ancestry places great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our members .
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of member data under our control .
For example our security and privacy practices are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to personal information .
We use secure server software to encrypt financial information you input before it is sent to us .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting geo-location data on your mobile device .
While we can not guarantee that loss , misuse or alteration of data will not occur however we use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent this .
It is also important for you to guard against unauthorized access to your passwords and the unauthorized use of your computer .
Contests , Surveys , & promotions
We may occasionally run contests , surveys , or other special promotions on our Websites in which we ask members or visitors for personal information ( like an e-mail address or name ) or demographic information ( like a zip code , age , or income level ) .
We use this data to send users promotional material about our company or third parties we deal with .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
The participant 's contact information is also used to contact him or her when necessary and may be shared with other companies for promotional purposes , but only with your prior permission and under the terms and conditions specified when you take part in the promotion .
At any time , you may opt-out of receiving future mailings of this kind by following the unsubscribe instructions in each promotional email , or simply decline to take part in the promotions .
Changes , updates , consent
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement , we will issue an updated version of this Statement with an updated date legend and/or notify you via e-mail , via this Website or mobile application or by other appropriate means prior to the change becoming effective if it is a significant change so that you will be aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it in accordance with applicable law .
If you do not consent to any changes to our privacy statement and as a result you would like us not to use or hold your information in accordance with the revised terms , you may notify us here so we can decide whether to continue to apply the previous statement or delete your information and/or account .
Contacting us about Privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this Website or our mobile application or mobile Website , or your dealings with this Website or mobile application or mobile Website , or wish to request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you , update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information , have the information blocked or deleted , as appropriate , or oppose ( in case of legitimate reasons ) the processing carried out with respect to your personal information ( note please that the right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances ) , you can contact us by clicking here .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Call 1-800-ANCESTRY ( 1-800-262-3787 )
Or go to our Privacy Center for more on Privacy
Or write to us at Ancestry.com 360 West 4800 North , Provo , UT 84604

Thank you for shopping at anthropologie.com .
This privacy and security policy ( `` Policy '' ) outlines the information we collect about you , how we use the information and the choices you have to review , revise and/or restrict our usage of this information .
Anthropologie.com collects customer information for a variety of reasons , including as part of our ongoing efforts to provide superior customer service , improve our customer 's shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products , services and promotions , including those that we believe may be of particular interest to you based on information we have collected .
We collect personal information such as your name , financial information , telephone number , e-mail and postal address ( `` Personal Information '' ) that you provide to us when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes , promotion or survey .
We use this information to process any transaction , inquiry or promotion that you initiate with us , and provide you with advertising tailored to your interests .
In addition , we maintain a record of your product interests , purchases and whatever else might enable us or our business partners to enhance and personalize your shopping experience on this or other websites and to provide you with offers , promotions or information that we believe may be of interest to you .
We also monitor use of the Website and traffic patterns to improve the Website design and the products and services we offer as well as to determine what offers , promotions or information to send to you .
Anthropologie.com may disclose specific personal information about you if required by law , governmental request or court order , if based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law , request or court .
We may also disclose information about you to other members of the Anthropologie corporate family , as well as a company contracted to help prevent the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards .
*You can easily update your account information by logging on to anthropologie.com and clicking Your Account
We offer those who sign-up for our email list advanced notice of sales , new merchandise , store openings and other anthropologie news .
Email addresses collected at Anthropologie.com are used internally and by our business partners .
If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list or would prefer that your email address not be shared with our business partners , click here or contact us .
We will remove your name from our email list within a reasonable period of time .
Please recognize that you may receive another email before we are able to remove you .
Our Catalog Mailing List
If you no longer wish to receive Anthropologie catalogs , please contact us or call 800-309-2500 .
Please include your name and mailing address as shown on your catalog .
We will remove your name from our mailing list as soon as possible .
Please recognize that you may receive another catalog before we are able to remove you .
We may , on occasion , share a portion of our catalog mailing list with our business partners .
If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations , contact us or call 800-309-2500 .
Anthropologie contracts with outside service providers to help us better understand your use of anthropologie.com .
Our service providers place cookies on your computer or use other technologies to collect various kinds of information for us related to your use of anthropologie.com , so that we and our business partners may continue to refine and improve the site and other sites for our customers , and provide advertising tailored to your interests .
We do not allow our service providers to collect any credit card , user name or password information , and any Personal Information shared with our service providers is made anonymous .
As a visitor to anthropologie.com , you may opt out of being included in this collection of data by contacting us or calling 800-309-2500 .
To opt-out of third party advertising tailored to your interests , click here .
We may also use our own cookies to deliver enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests .
To opt out of this advertising provided directly by Anthropologie , click here .
`` Cookies '' are bits of information that are automatically stored on your computer .
If you do not want to have cookies on your system , you can set your browser to disable them .
We or our partners may use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
We also use other methods of automatic collection to determine information about visitors to our website , including the IP address , browser , language preferences , and computer identification numbers .
We use the information obtained using these tools to provide better customer service , enhance our product offerings , and detect potential misuse or fraud .
To opt out of any such data collection , contact us or call 800-309-2500 .
Sensitive personal information contained in orders placed on the Website are encrypted using 128-bit secure sockets layer ( SSL ) technology . * In order for SSL security to work , you must use an SSL enabled browser .
*Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business .
It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication , data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect you Personal Information , you acknowledge that : ( a ) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control ; ( b ) the security , integrity , and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website can not be guaranteed ; ( c ) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party ; and ( d ) WHEN YOU TRANSFER ANY INFORMATION TO US , YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK .
If you still have concerns about ordering electronically , feel free to call ( 800 ) 309-1500 and place your order over the phone .
Have the 8-digit style number , size , and color ready for each item you wish to order .
You can also print your shopping basket page and mail it to :
Augusta , GA 30907
Attn : Order Processing
Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers .
We will never ask for sensitive information via email .
*Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business .
It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication , data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions .
Anthropologie.com may periodically update this Privacy & Security Policy for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed .
Any changes made will be posted here .
By visiting our website you agree to accept any changes made to this policy .
The anthropologie.com Privacy & Security Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website .
Feel free to contact us with any questions about our Privacy & Security Policy .
Augusta , GA 30907
Attn : Customer Service

Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
The following privacy statement covers all of the Anticlown Media websites .
Please read this statement regarding our websites .
Anticlown Media is the sole owner of the information collected on the Anticlown Media websites .
In order to enhance their use of the Anticlown Media websites , users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest .
To leave a comment , users must register with the third party comment registration system TypeKey .
Anticlown Media uses this third party system to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use .
This privacy statement does not cover the use of information by TypeKey , but you can learn more about their privacy policy here .
Anticlown Media may launch a mailing list for some or all of the Anticlown Media websites .
In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site 's mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests .
This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization .
Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site , including new articles added to the site as well as emails from third party site sponsors .
If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers , do not sign up for the mailing list .
This site makes chat rooms and message boards available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site ( for example , advertisers ) .
However , Anticlown Media has no access to or control over these cookies , once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Anticlown Media only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Anticlown Media uses third-party advertising companies including Google , among others , to serve ads when you visit our websites .
Advertisers may engage in the collection of non-personally identifiable information about end users by third parties through the use of cookies and pixel tags .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Like most standard website servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement .
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , Anticlown Media may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on any of the Anticlown Media websites .
In the event Anticlown Media goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
The Anticlown Media websites contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that Anticlown Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Anticlown Media .
Whenever Anticlown Media changes its privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , and other places we deem appropriate .

Privacy Policy and APA Website Security
The American Psychological Association ( APA ) is committed to maintaining your trust , values your privacy and recognizes the sensitivity of your personal information .
We work toward protecting the privacy of users of our website .
We have carefully crafted this Privacy Policy to address concerns you might have , and to assure you that if you give us personal information , we will treat it carefully and appropriately .
This Privacy Policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
Where personal information is required to use or interact with the Sites , it is our policy that this information such as your name , postal or email address , or telephone number is private and confidential .
The personal information you provide to APA is stored in a secure location , accessible only by appropriate staff , and is used for the purposes set forth in this policy , such as to reply to a question or to send requested materials .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personal information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personal information , such as your IP address or cookies .
`` Personal information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , postal address , telephone number , or email address .
The APA collects and stores the personal information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personal information on the Sites :
We will collect your first and last name , email address , and postal address when you become a member and sign up to receive information from the APA ; We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ; We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; We may collect your first and last name , postal address and billing information if you make a purchase through our Sites ; andWe may collect your device ID number when you interact with the Sites using a mobile device .
The above list provides an example of the personal information that may be collected from you on the Sites .
If you do not want the APA to collect your personal information , please do not provide it to us .
Non-Personal information can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , ZIP code or other geolocation data , or interests .
Non-personal information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.Cookies APA websites use `` cookies '' to improve functionality and usability .
We use this information for planning , tracking and to improve the technical functions of our sites and products .
By using our products and agreeing to this policy , you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy .
Cookies are text files sent by Web servers to Web browsers and are stored on the user 's computer or mobile device .
If the browser is loading a page and the server requests the information stored in the cookie , the cookie is sent back to the server .
Cookies contain data about the user 's activities on the website , and can be used by Web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website , and to identify users returning to a website .
Cookies may be either `` persistent '' or `` session '' cookies .
A persistent cookie will remain valid until its set expiration date ( unless deleted by the user ) .
A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session , when the Web browser is closed .
How APA uses cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies the user , but information that we store about the user may be linked by us to the information stored in and obtained from cookies .
APA websites use the information we obtain from people 's use of our website through cookies for the following purposes :
To recognize the user 's computer when the user visits the website.To track some user actions during website navigation.To improve the website 's usability.To analyze the use of the website.To administer the website.To report click-through data to our advertisers .
When users visit APA websites third-party cookies may be sent to their computers by APA 's advertisers or service providers .
They may use the information obtained from these cookies :
To track users browsing across multiple websites.To build profiles of users ' Web surfing.To target advertisements that may be of particular interest to users .
Most browsers allow users to refuse to accept cookies .
In Internet Explorer , you can refuse all cookies by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Internet Options , '' `` Privacy , '' and selecting `` Block all cookies '' using the sliding selector.In Firefox , you can block all cookies by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Options , '' and un-checking `` Accept cookies from sites '' in the `` Privacy '' box.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking `` Options , '' `` Under the hood '' and Content Settings in the `` Privacy '' section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can block cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the Privacy tab and Block cookies .
Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites .
If you block cookies , you may not be able to log on , access content or use search functions , for example .
Users can also delete cookies already stored on their computers :
In Internet Explorer , you must manually delete cookie files.In Firefox , you can delete cookies by first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you `` clear private data '' ( this setting can be changed by clicking `` Tools , '' `` Options '' and `` Settings '' in the `` Private Data '' box ) and then clicking `` Clear private data '' in the `` Tools '' menu.In Google Chrome , you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking `` Options , '' `` Under the hood , '' and Content Settings in the `` Privacy '' section .
Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.In Safari , you can delete cookies by clicking Preferences , selecting the `` Privacy '' tab and selecting `` Remove All Website Data . ''
Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites .
Web Beacons ( also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` Web bugs '' or `` pixel tags '' ) `` Web Beacons '' are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , Web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages.Demographic Information `` Demographic Information '' may be your gender , age , ZIP code or geolocation data , and/or interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personal information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personal information that is collected via the Sites .
Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
We use your personal information that is collected on the Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , such as educational programs , information or newsletters you request or purchase ; To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from APA or other third parties or to forward promotional materials ; To process your order and , if necessary , to contact you regarding the status of your order ; To fulfill the terms of a promotion ; To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ; To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ; To contact you regarding additional services and features ; To request your feedback about your experience with APA ; To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy , if necessary ; andTo allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites .
Non-personal information is used as described above and in other was as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personal information with personal information .
Release of Information to Third Parties
The APA member and affiliate directories are available only to members and affiliates in a members-only section of the site .
All members ' and affiliates ' names are listed in the directory , but members have the option to suppress other information .
Personal information collected as a function of the APA Sites will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided and in the following instances :
To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to download information through the Sites , we may share your personal information in order to provide the information to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personal information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personal information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personal information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personal information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information.To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on APA 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personal information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personal information to us.To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personal information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of APA and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personal information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties .
The Sites do not knowingly target children under the age of 13 and we do not collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 .
In the event we learn that such information has been provided to the Sites , we will delete or destroy it .
Third Party Websites and Advertisers
The APA Sites may provide you with links to other websites , although we do not necessarily advise that you are linking to another website .
In the event that you choose to access such websites , APA is not responsible for any actions or policies of those sites .
Further , please note that the third party 's Privacy Policy and security practices may differ from APA standards .
APA neither assumes responsibility for , nor does it control , endorse or guarantee any aspect of your use of the linked site .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy of such a party before providing personal information to it .
The APA may also permit advertisers , third party ad networks or other advertising companies to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , Web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which Web pages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS
We communicate with our members on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , members can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communications from us , such as messages or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties .
For emails , you may opt-out by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of an email .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
If you have elected to receive notices to your mobile device via text message , you may opt-out by replying STOP to such mobile message .
You may receive a confirmatory text message in response to your STOP request and you hereby consent to receipt of such confirmation .
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
APA reserves the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason without prior notice .
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of our policies .
We may also contact you by email with changes .
Additionally , we will updated the last updated date below .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to APA is done at your own risk .
However , APA uses website security measures consistent with current best practices to protect its website , email and mailing lists .
These measures include technical , procedural , monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , loss , alteration or destruction .
Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption .
Member and purchaser information is a high priority and we use our own protective measures , as well as the capabilities of our software and hardware vendors .
We realize there can be incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions , as almost every website , service and user encounters .
In those instances , our goals are to move quickly to isolate the problem , ensure or restore proper functionality and minimize any inconvenience to our users .
As appropriate and necessary , APA will notify the relevant authorities of these incidents of misuse or unauthorized program incursions of the APA website .
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personal and non-personal information collected via the Sites .
Please email any problems or questions to Customer Service .
While we may not be able to respond to every report , we take each report seriously and will investigate it thoroughly .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding the APA 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us at Customer Service .
Effective Date : Aug. 26 , 2013
Last Updated : Aug. 26 , 2013

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective September 9 , 2008 .
Welcome to apartmenttherapy.com .
apartmenttherapy.com ( `` Website '' ) is an interactive online service operated by Apartment Therapy , LLC ( `` us '' , `` we '' , or `` our '' ) .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
If , at any point , we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us .
Users will have a choice ( by means of an opt out opportunity ) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected if you opt out of the new policy .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you , that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website , using our online store , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a product rating and recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Macintosh OS , etc . ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc . ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) -- e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , deliver our merchandise , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc .
Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests .
In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with participating sponsors to a program or promotion ( e.g. , a sweepstakes or contest ) you enter via our Website , and with third parties who assist us in using the content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website ( e.g. , production companies we may use ) .
Further , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use , or as set forth when you submit the information , your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval .
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
Cookies , etc . :
`` Cookies '' are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link included at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
Transfer of Assets :
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to notices and counternotices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
You may request the information in writing at :
Apartment Therapy , LLC
270 Lafayette Street , Suite 1204
New York , NY 10012
Attn : California Privacy Request
We may offer chat rooms , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
OTHER SITES / LINKS
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Site , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Site .
2008 , Apartment Therapy , LLC .

Your privacy is important to Apple .
So we 've developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect , use , disclose , transfer , and store your information .
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions .
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person .
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Apple or an Apple affiliated company .
Apple and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy .
They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products , services , content , and advertising .
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Apple may collect and how we may use it .
What personal information we collect
When you create an Apple ID , register your products , apply for commercial credit , purchase a product , download a software update , register for a class at an Apple Retail Store , or participate in an online survey , we may collect a variety of information , including your name , mailing address , phone number , email address , contact preferences , and credit card information .
When you share your content with family and friends using Apple products , send gift certificates and products , or invite others to join you on Apple forums , Apple may collect the information you provide about those people such as name , mailing address , email address , and phone number .
In the U.S. , we may ask for your Social Security number ( SSN ) but only in limited circumstances such as when setting up a wireless account and activating your iPhone or when determining whether to extend commercial credit .
How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Apple 's latest product announcements , software updates , and upcoming events .
It also helps us to improve our services , content , and advertising .
If you do n't want to be on our mailing list , you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences .
We also use personal information to help us develop , deliver , and improve our products , services , content , and advertising .
From time to time , we may use your personal information to send important notices , such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms , conditions , and policies .
Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple , you may not opt out of receiving these communications .
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing , data analysis , and research to improve Apple 's products , services , and customer communications .
If you enter into a sweepstake , contest , or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs .
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual .
We may collect , use , transfer , and disclose non-personal information for any purpose .
The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it :
We may collect information such as occupation , language , zip code , area code , unique device identifier , location , and the time zone where an Apple product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products , services , and advertising .
We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our website , iCloud and MobileMe services , and iTunes Store and from our other products and services .
This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website , products , and services are of most interest .
Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy .
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined .
Cookies and Other Technologies
Apple 's website , online services , interactive applications , email messages , and advertisements may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons .
These technologies help us better understand user behavior , tell us which parts of our website people have visited , and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches .
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information .
However , to the extent that Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law , we also treat these identifiers as personal information .
Similarly , to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information , we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy .
Apple and its partners use cookies and other technologies in mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad , deliver ads that relate to your interests , and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
If you opt out , you will continue to receive the same number of mobile ads , but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests .
You may still see ads related to the content on a web page or in an application or based on other non-personal information .
This opt-out applies only to Apple advertising services and does not affect interest-based advertising from other advertising networks .
Apple and our partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website , online services , and applications .
Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Apple more convenient and personal .
For example , knowing your first name lets us welcome you the next time you visit the Apple Online Store .
Knowing your country and language and if you are an educator , your school helps us provide a customized and more useful shopping experience .
Knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make our advertising and email communications more relevant to your interests .
And knowing your contact information , product serial numbers , and information about your computer or device helps us register your products , personalize your operating system , set up your iCloud service , and provide you with better customer service .
If you want to disable cookies and you 're using the Safari web browser , go to Safari preferences and then to the privacy pane to disable cookies .
On your Apple mobile device , go to Settings , then Safari , and then to the Cookies section .
For other browsers , check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies .
Please note that certain features of the Apple website will not be available once cookies are disabled .
As is true of most websites , we gather some information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type and language , Internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring and exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information to understand and analyze trends , to administer the site , to learn about user behavior on the site , and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
Apple may use this information in our marketing and advertising services .
In some of our email messages , we use a click-through URL linked to content on the Apple website .
When customers click one of these URLs , they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website .
We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications .
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages .
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read , and they tell us whether mail has been opened .
We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers .
Disclosure to Third Parties
At times Apple may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with Apple to provide products and services , or that help Apple market to customers .
For example , when you purchase and activate your iPhone , you authorize Apple and its carrier to exchange the information you provide during the activation process to carry out service .
If you are approved for service , your account will be governed by Apple and its carrier 's respective privacy policies .
Personal information will only be shared by Apple to provide or improve our products , services and advertising ; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
Apple shares personal information with companies who provide services such as information processing , extending credit , fulfilling customer orders , delivering products to you , managing and enhancing customer data , providing customer service , assessing your interest in our products and services , and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys .
These companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever Apple operates .
It may be necessary by law , legal process , litigation , and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence for Apple to disclose your personal information .
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance , disclosure is necessary or appropriate .
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users .
Additionally , in the event of a reorganization , merger , or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party .
Protection of Personal Information
Apple takes precautions including administrative , technical , and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Apple online services such as the Apple Online Store and iTunes Store use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption on all web pages where personal information is collected .
To make purchases from these services , you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Safari , Firefox , or Internet Explorer .
Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal information while it 's transmitted over the Internet .
When you use some Apple products , services , or applications or post on an Apple forum , chat room , or social networking service , the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read , collected , or used by them .
You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances .
For example , if you list your name and email address in a forum posting , that information is public .
Please take care when using these features .
Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
Apple makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate , complete , and up to date .
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law .
Access to Personal Information
For other personal information , we make good faith efforts to provide you with access so you can request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Apple is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , are extremely impractical , or for which access is not otherwise required by local law .
Access , correction , or deletion requests can be made through the regional Privacy Contact Form .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 except where a parent has set up an Apple ID for their child through the Apple ID for Students program and provided Apple with verified parental consent .
Learn more about the Apple ID for Students program and device parental controls .
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible .
To provide location-based services on Apple products , Apple and our partners and licensees may collect , use , and share precise location data , including the real-time geographic location of your Apple computer or device .
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by Apple and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services .
For example , we may share geographic location with application providers when you opt in to their location services .
Some location-based services offered by Apple , such as the Find My iPhone feature , require your personal information for the feature to work .
Third-Party Sites and Services
Apple websites , products , applications , and services may contain links to third-party websites , products , and services .
Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties for example , a third-party iPhone app .
Information collected by third parties , which may include such things as location data or contact details , is governed by their privacy practices .
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties .
Information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy .
Apple abides by the safe harbor frameworks set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Switzerland .
Learn more about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program .
Please note that personal information regarding individuals who reside in a member state of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) is controlled by Apple Distribution International in Cork , Ireland , and processed on its behalf by Apple Inc .
Personal information collected in the EEA when using iTunes is controlled by iTunes SARL in Luxembourg and processed on its behalf by Apple Inc .
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure , we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company .
If you have any questions or concerns about Apple 's Privacy Policy or data processing , please contact us .
Apple may update its Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we change the policy in a material way , a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy .
Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop , Cupertino , California , USA , 95014
Last updated : August 1 , 2013

The AR15.COM Online Store is owned and operated by AR15.COM , LLC located at :
6162 State Route 96
For each visitor to our Web page , our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer 's domain name , but not the e-mail address ( where possible ) .
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board , the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail , aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and disclosed when legally required to do so , at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws , or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site .
With respect to cookies : We use cookies to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and store a unique user id to maintain session information for your improved site experience .
If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address .
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders that they have placed online .
With respect to Ad Servers : To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you , we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages .
As a result of your visit to our site , ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type , your IP address and clickstream information .
For further information , consult the privacy policies of the advertiser .
( URL Will Be Posted If 3rd Party Advertising is used . )
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
With respect to security : We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site .
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy , you may contact us at the above addresse or use our quick contact form on our Help page .

The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , type of browser , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , date/time stamp , referring/exit pages , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement around the site , and gather demographic information .
IP addresses , and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable .
Cookies and Web Beacons
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site .
Our advertising partners include ... .
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs .
Other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices .
If you wish to disable cookies , you may do so through your individual browser options .
More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers ' respective websites .

Privacy Policy Effective Date : November 28 , 2012Truste Click to Verify seal
Archives.com ( `` Archives '' ) operates this web site pursuant to agreements with Archives.com ( `` Archives '' ) , and is powered by Archives .
Both Archives and Archives recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared .
We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know how we keep your information secure and when we might disclose or share your information .
We also want to let you know how you can manage and control your personal information .
The policies below are applicable to RecordsBase ( `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' ) and apply only to information gathered through this web site .
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Ancestry.com Operations Inc. , operating the website Archives.com ( `` Website '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) treats personal information that we collect and receive , including information related to your past use of the Website and/or our products or services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , credit or debit card number , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage .
Information Collection and Use
In order to facilitate searches and manage our business we collect personal information about you .
We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily register with us , when you use the Website and/or our products or services and your browser interacts with us , when you visit the Website pages or the pages of certain of our partners , and when you enter third party personal information to conduct certain searches .
We may combine information that we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies , such as data providers and billing companies .
The personal information we collect about you through these various sources may include , but is not limited to : your name , email address , IP address , address , and search log .
Once you register with us and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
By submitting your email address on our checkout page you agree that you 're opting into our no-cost newsletter and email alerts service .
You understand that you will receive messages that are commercial in nature .
An opt-out `` unsubscribe '' link will be provided for your convenience in each message .
We collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , such as billing partners , including information about your use of search products and information we offer .
We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , our cookie information , search activity , and the pages you request .
We use the information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , publish search data , and provide reporting for internal and external clients .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with us .
These companies may use your personal information to help communicate with you about offers from us and our marketing partners .
Examples of these are third party payment processors who expedite payments on our Website and marketing partners , such as our identity theft protection partner .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , we will notify you by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our Website before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may display targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
We do not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted advertisement .
However , by interacting with or viewing an advertisement you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement .
We may set and access our cookies on your computer .
We allow other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages , to set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies .
We do not store any personally identifiable information in our cookies .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your Account Information within our members ' area by clicking `` My Account '' and then `` Make Changes '' .
To exclude yourself from commercial emails and alerts sent by us , simply click the `` Unsubscribe '' link provided in any commercial email message .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and customer receipts without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
Archives.com allows you to suppress your personal information from living person search results displayed on this website .
To do this , please submit the opt-out request form .
Your request will be processed in 1 to 7 business days .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees and contractors who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you including 128-bit SSL encryption of all credit and debit card transactions between you and our servers as well as the servers of our partners .
All sensitive customer data is protected using dedicated network attached encryption devices with full PCI DSS compliant audit logging .
All of our data storage is housed in secure locations allowing access to only authorized personnel who can pass a multi-factor identification process .
We are a participant in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world .
As this Website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe .
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry , or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe here .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the site to resolve your concerns .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a notice on our site .
How You Can Contact Us about Privacy Questions
Archives.com maintains offices at 360 W 4800 N , Provo , UT 84604 .
To Unsubscribe from Email Communications
Please note that you may still receive account and billing notices from us , if applicable .

Arsenal Broadband Limited ( ABL ) and The Arsenal Football Club PLC ( Arsenal and together with ABL , we , our or us ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
ABL is a joint venture between Arsenal and Kroenke Sports Enterprises and is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 4053669 .
Arsenal is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 109244 .
Our goal is to protect your information .
This Website contains links to other websites , which are provided for your convenience .
We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this Website .
We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit .
The Data Controller ' ( for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) ) of any personal information that you provide to us through the Website will be ABL unless the relevant page specifically states otherwise , or you provide such information in the context of :
purchasing tickets ( including hospitality ) , Arsenal memberships , Armoury Square stones , tours of Emirates Stadium , seat inscriptions or a subscription to the Arsenal magazine ;
booking meeting or events at Emirates Stadium ;
purchasing goods from The Arsenal Direct ; or
Arsenal soccer schools ,
in which case the Data Controller will be Arsenal .
Where you provide personal information via another route to either ABL or Arsenal , the Data Controller of such information will be the company to whom you provide it .
This Privacy Policy uses some words with special meanings .
These words identified in bold .
If you want to know what any words with special meanings mean , simply scroll back till you find the word in bold , where you will also find the relevant explanation .
What Information Do We Collect
The information we collect falls into the following categories ( together , the Information ) :
a ) Personal information that you provide to us such as your name , address , telephone number , date of birth , credit card number , billing address , email address and details of purchasing preferences ( Personal Information ) , which we use in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
b ) Website Use Information - the Website utilises a standard technology called cookies and web server logs to collect information about how the Website is used .
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , time spent at the Website , and the websites visited just before and just after the Website ( Website Use Information ) .
For more information on the cookies that we use and their purpose , please see our Cookies Policy .
If you would like further details in respect of the information we collect and hold about you , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose details are set out below .
When you engage in certain activities on the Website or engage with ABL or Arsenal through another route , for example , by registering on the Website or as an Arsenal member , purchasing goods and services or entering competitions , we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form .
It is completely up to you whether you engage in these activities .
If you choose to engage in these activities , however , we may require you to provide us with Information .
In some instances , you may also be asked to provide a credit or debit card number .
We may supplement the Information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners .
By using the Website , or by engaging with ABL or Arsenal via another route , you indicate your consent to us collecting and using your Information ( that you provide to us when interacting with ABL or Arsenal ) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy , unless you expressly state that such consent is not given .
When you submit Information to us you understand and agree that we and our associated companies ( as defined in bold below ) may record , transfer , store , and process your Information in any of the countries in which we and our subsidiaries or affiliates maintain offices , including without limitation , the United Kingdom .
See also Use of your Information outside the European Union ( Section 6 below ) .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use the Website , register or purchase goods and services on the Website , enter competitions , or provide your Information to ABL or Arsenal via any other route .
We take the security of your Information seriously .
We have a committed security policy .
We implement a number of security measures to ensure the safety of any Information in our possession or control .
The Information is contained on a secure server , which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have limited access rights to such information .
When you submit your credit card details , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your Information .
In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our customer database from loss and misuse , and only allow access to it when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the Information contained within it .
How Will We Use Your Information
We collect your Information to record and support your participation in the activities you select .
We may use Information :
as part of our effort to keep you informed via mail , email , phone or fax about special offers , and other products and services we offer ;
for record keeping purposes ;
to improve the quality of our service ;
for market research ;
to measure and improve activity on the Website ; and
to understand your preferences so that we can improve the products or services we offer .
We may share and pass your Personal Information ( including details of your purchasing preferences ) with or to our holding companies , subsidiaries or associated companies in which we have an interest including , without limitation , any of our joint venture organisations ( together , our associated companies ) .
We may also pass your Information to other carefully selected partner organisations ( partners ) with whom we have a business relationship , such as :
financial services partners ; and
other organisations whose services we need to use to process and deliver your orders , for credit control and debt collection , to maintain our systems or to comply with legal obligations or a court order .
Each of our associated companies and these partners may keep you informed of services , products , events and special offers made available by that organisation .
If you express an interest in an offer from one of Arsenal 's associated companies or partners , that associated company or partner may let us know .
In all cases , we will take care to ensure that these organisations only process your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy , your preferences and the law .
For a list of our associated companies or partners , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose contact details are listed below .
If you do not wish the Information you provide to us to be shared with other associated companies or such partners , please indicate this preference when you provide the Information to us .
Alternatively please contact our Data Protection Officer .
We may also create an individual profile for you so that we can inform you of services , products , events or special offers that may be of interest to you .
In the event of the sale of the business or the integration of the business with another party , we may disclose your details to advisers or prospective purchasers ' advisers .
We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements , or to protect our rights or property or those of our customers or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Your Information is password-protected to prevent unauthorised access to it .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
Use of your Information outside the European Union
Some of the organisations ( including , without limitation , our associated companies and partners ) to which we may disclose your Information are situated outside of the European Union .
In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your Information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom .
If we do transfer your Information to other territories , we will endeavour to ensure that your Information is properly protected .
We realise and understand that many children will visit the Website , or interact with ABL or Arsenal via another route , but encourage all persons under 13 to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to ABL or Arsenal .
Parents or legal guardians should , in particular , supervise children when online and recommend that parental control tools be put in place .
Although anyone known to be under the age of 13 may participate in competitions and promotions , notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian identified in the initial registration process .
Any publication of a competition winner 's personal details for visitors known to be under 18 will require parental or legal guardian consent during registration .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review .
From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies .
Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically , or request a copy of the current Privacy Policy from our Data Protection Officer , in order to keep up to date .
Updating and Correcting Information
You may correct the Information we hold about you by changing your profile preferences online or by contacting the Data Protection Officer ( see contact details below ) .
Please include your name , address , and/or email address when you contact us .
We would encourage you to update your Personal Information promptly if it changes .
Your Rights to Access Your Information
You have the right to see details of the information that we hold about you .
We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make .
The current fee is 10.00 .
You may ask us to make any necessary changes to your Personal Information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date .
How to Contact Us
If you would like any further information or have any comments about our use of your Information , our Privacy Policy or any aspect of the Website or our service , please contact our Data Protection Officer by any of the methods shown below :
Post : Data Protection Officer , Arsenal Broadband Limited/The Arsenal Football Club PLC , Highbury House , 75 Drayton Park , London N5 1BU
Copyright 2013 The Arsenal Football Club plc .

This is just a standard , boring , boilerplate privacy policy , virtually identical to any other website on the planet .
Legal agreements require me to have such wonderfully exciting legalese , so just bear with me here .
At artofmanliness.com , we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important .
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit artofmanliness.com , and how we safeguard your information .
We never sell your personal information to third parties .
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL or Shaw Cable ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information , such as your personal preferences when you visit our site .
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit , or the ability to login to some of our features , such as forums .
We also use third party advertisements on artofmanliness.com to support our site .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites ) .
We may allow third-party companies that use tracking technologies , such as cookies or pixels , to record IP information about users who visit or interact with our website .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google 's DoubleClick , which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising ( including some Google AdSense advertisements ) .
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ( interest based targeting ) .
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history ( For example , if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas , you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site , such as on a site about hockey ) .
DART uses non personally identifiable information .
It does NOT track personal information about you , such as your name , email address , physical address , telephone number , social security numbers , bank account numbers or credit card numbers .
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program .
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies , the next time you visit a site running the advertisements , a new cookie will be added .
FTC Disclosures and Relationships
The Art of Manliness does not receive money for paid reviews of products .
We will however include affiliate links where we make money if a visitor decides to purchase a product from our link .
We provide the following list of sources of income for The Art of Manliness
Art of Manliness is an affiliate of Saddleback Leather Company .
Art of Manliness is an Amazon affiliate and we include links from time to time to Amazon products .
Art of Manliness is an affiliate of Huckberry
Art of Manliness is an affiliate of the Trunk Club
Art of Manliness includes Google Adsense ads on the site .
The links displayed are whatever Google thought was relevant
Art of Manliness is a part of the Federated Media ad netowork
Art of Manliness is a part of the Tribal Fusion ad network
Art of Manliness is a part of the Lijit Ad Network

ASOS.com Limited ( `` ASOS '' ) is totally committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers .
The ASOS team members are customers themselves of other Internet sites and fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet .
We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you - e.g . arranging for a product to be sent to you , carrying out credit and other security checks and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so .
We will not sell your name , address , e-mail address , credit card information or personal information to any third party without your permission , but we can not be responsible or held liable for the actions of third party sites from which you may have linked or been directed to the ASOS website .
If you have made a purchase from our store we may occasionally update you on our latest products , news and special offers via e-mail , post & telephone .
You will also be given the opportunity to receive such communications from us and selected third parties when you become a member of ASOS .
All ASOS members have the option to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us and/or selected third parties .
If you do not wish to continue to receive marketing from us and/or selected third parties you should opt-out by visiting 'Your Details ' in 'Your Account ' on the ASOS website .
You can access 'Your Account ' once you register and login .
Or click on the `` unsubscribe '' link in any email communications which we might send you .
A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer , mobile or other device when you visit a website and it will recognise your device on future visits .
These types of files do a number of different jobs such as remembering your preferences and chosen items , assisting you to improve your site experience as well as trying to ensure that the adverts or offers you see online are more relevant to you .
These cookies can be divided into 4 types each of which is outlined below .
Category 1 : Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable the site to provide services you have asked for such as remembering your shopping bag items .
Category 2 : Performance Cookies
This type collect anonymous information on how people use the site and the data is merged with other users to enable us to improve how the site operates .
For example we utilise Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our site , browse or use our site and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation , shopping experience and marketing campaigns .
The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established .
Category 3 : Functionality Cookies
These remember choices you make such as language , search parameters such as size , colour or product line .
These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate with your selections and make the visits more tailored and pleasant .
The information is also merged with other users on an anonymous basis to enable us to improve how the site operates .
For example our Saved Items feature utilises a cookie to remember the products which you have expressed a wish to save whilst browsing our website .
Category 4 : Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests .
They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers .
For example we use 3rd party companies such as Criteo to provide you with more personalised adverts when visiting other websites .
You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent .
Your browser help section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings .
We may disclose aggregate , anonymised statistics about the number of visitors to this Website or number of purchases made as required by our investors .
We use an independent measurement and research company to gather data regarding the visitors to this Website on our behalf using cookies and code which is embedded in the site .
Both the cookies and the embedded code provide statistical information about visits to pages on the site , the duration of individual page view , paths taken by visitors through the site , data on visitors ' screen settings and other general information .
ASOS uses and stores this type of information , as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site , to help it improve the services to its users .
Further information regarding the way in which this information is obtained and used can be obtained by contacting us here .
We may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks .
Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information .
This is done only to confirm your identity - a credit check is not performed and your credit rating is unaffected .
Transfers of your Information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for ASOS or one of our suppliers .
Such processing may , for example , be required in order to fulfil your order , process your payment details or provide support services .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure .
We will do our best to protect your personal data , but can not guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
Disclosures of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our group of companies .
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties :
in the event that ASOS sells or buys any business or assets ;
if ASOS or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party , in which case personal data which we hold about our customers may be one of the transferred assets ; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our terms of ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of ASOS , our customers , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and other third parties .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites .
If you wish to verify the details you have submitted to ASOS you may do so by contacting us via the e-mail address or address given below .
Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information .
This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration .
You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which we take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password .
We would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser 's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information .
ASOS.com Limited ( at the address below ) is the data controller for the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) .
You have the right to access the information which ASOS holds about you and your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act .
You may lodge an access request for free , but depending upon the personal information you request , we may impose a charge to recover our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
We will notify you of any such change upon receiving your access request , and confirm whether you wish to proceed and pay such charge .
We are always pleased to hear from our customers ( even if it is a complaint ! ) .
We are always grateful for any time you spend providing us with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied - we want you to return to the site and to recommend us to your friends and family .
If you have any questions or feedback about this statement , or if you would like us to stop processing your information , please do not hesitate to contact a customer service member of the ASOS team , who will be delighted to answer any questions you may have .
You can either contact customer care
Or , write to us at :
Hemel Hempstead Industrial Estate

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18th May 2010
1.1 The following statement explains Astro 's Privacy Policy ( `` this Policy '' ) regarding the personal information collected by Astro about you .
Upon registration and from time to time , you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself ( eg name and email address etc . ) in order to use the Astro Website .
We will treat such personal information in accordance with this Policy .
1.2 The Astro Service is provided to you subject to the Astro Website Terms of Use & Notices and in accordance with the laws of Malaysia .
Astro will act in accordance with current Malaysian legislation on personal information protection in this Policy and as far as practicable , aim to meet current Internet best practice .
1.3 The term Authorised Third Parties describes the contractors , agents and third party suppliers with whom Astro or other members of the Astro Group enter into agreements from time to time and persons with whom they may contract in order to provide the Astro Services .
For the purposes herein , all words and expressions shall have the same meaning as in the Astro Website Terms of Use & Notices , except where otherwise expressly stated .
By submitting your information , you consent to the use of your personal information collected by us , in the manner as set out in this Policy .
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
When Astro posts changes to this Privacy Policy , you will see the word `` updated '' next to the Privacy Policy link on the Home page of the Astro Website .
You should periodically review this Policy for changes .
Your continued use and access of the Astro Service and Website will mean you accept those changes .
3.1 The Astro Website is not directed at parties under 18 years of age .
If you are under 18 , please get your parent/guardian 's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to the Astro Website .
Users without this consent are not allowed to provide Astro with personal information .
THE TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
4.1 Personal Information Collection
4.1.1 Astro collects and uses your personal information ( i.e . personal information which identifies you , e.g. , your name and postal address , date of birth , gender , telephone and fax numbers , email address , and credit/debit card information ; lifestyle ) only with your knowledge and consent when you use the Astro Website , the Astro Services , make use of our product and service enquiries , or when you respond to communications from Astro ( such as contests , questionnaires or surveys ) and other information collected on registration or through surveys .
4.1.2 When you request pages from the Astro Website server , it automatically collects some information about your preferences , including your IP address .
Astro uses this for online-billing and to help diagnose problems with the Astro Website and server , to administer the Astro Website and for the purposes set out in Section 5 below .
4.2 Non-personally Identifying Information
4.2.1 Astro automatically collects aggregate and demographic information about the use of the Astro Website , including which pages are most frequently visited , how many visitors the Astro Website receives daily , how long visitors stay on each page , your preferences and other similar sites based on your browsing ( click-stream ) activities .
This information may include the pages you browse and products and services viewed or ordered for example .
This helps Astro to better provide you with a more enjoyable , customised service and experience in the future .
4.2.2 Astro uses the information available to create profiles of the Astro Website user base .
Astro may provide aggregate profile information of its users to advertisers to help tailor information from the advertisers to your interests .
For example , Astro may inform advertisers that it has a certain number of Astro Membership users that have an interest in a topic and are interested in receiving information about the topic .
4.3 Third Party Information .
4.3.1 Astro does not monitor or permanently store third party information save for the purpose of accounting , billing or record keeping , or unless required by law .
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1 Your personal information will be used by Astro , the Astro Group or Authorised Third Parties , in support of the purposes stated at the time at which it was given or sought , and/or for the following reasons :
5.1.1 For the purposes of technical administration of the Astro Website .
5.1.2 For research and development .
5.1.3 Statistical analysis .
5.1.4 Customer administration .
5.1.5 Profiling service preferences .
5.1.6 Finance and marketing operations and activities and/or as required in the provision of our services including but not limited to credit control services .
5.1.7 In compliance with any regulatory , statutory or legal obligation imposed on us by any relevant authority .
5.1.8 To service your Astro subscription account/s ( `` Astro Account '' ) and otherwise operate and provide the Astro Service to you including but not limited to creating an Astro Membership and an optional wallet account ;
5.1.8.1 To support your questions about billing or use of the Astro Service .
5.1.8.2 To detect and prevent fraudulent activity .
5.1.9 To provide other goods and services by Astro or its designated representatives and/or business partners to you or parties designated by you and matters ancillary thereto ;
5.1.10 To verify and process payment when you use the Astro Website and/or the Astro Service or purchase goods and services from Astro ;
5.1.11 To verify and record your personal particulars including comparing it with information from other sources and using the information to communicate with you ;
5.1.12 To conduct market research of the users of the Astro Website and Astro Service including the number of users , the frequency of use , profile of users and using such analysis for our business plans , the enhancement of our products and services , targeted advertisements and conveying such information in broad aggregate terms to third parties who have or propose to have business dealings with Astro ;
5.1.13 To send you information , promotions and updates including marketing and advertising materials in relation to our goods and services and those of third party organizations selected by Astro ;
5.1.14 To comply with any order of court or directive from authorities investigating any alleged offence , misdeed and/or abuse or to enforce any of the terms in the Astro Website Terms of Use & Notices or , where such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Astro .
5.2 If Astro wishes to use your personal information for new purposes , Astro will offer you the means to consent to those new purposes by sending an email to the Webmaster account .
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.1 Astro will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
Except as provided for herein , Astro will not disclose personal information about you to any third party without your consent .
6.2 Astro may from time to time , contact you on behalf of external business partners about particular goods , offers or services that may be of interest to you .
In those cases , personal information that may identify you will not be transferred to the third party .
All communication whether from Astro or our business partners will be sent to you by Astro .
6.3 Astro may however , need to work with Authorised Third Parties to provide part or all of the Astro Website , the Astro Service and/or other services to you or to perform market research and statistical analysis .
In such situations , Astro will share your personal information as is necessary for the Authorised Third Party to perform these services , on a strictly confidential basis .
These parties are not allowed to use your personal information disclosed to them except for the limited purpose of providing the particular service for Astro .
By using and continuing to use the Astro Website you are deemed to have consented to such disclosure .
6.4 Without limiting the above , Astro may disclose your personal information about you , your Astro Account and/or your Astro Membership to companies within the Astro Group for accounting or reporting purposes , subject to the terms of this Policy .
6.5 Astro may disclose your personal information to subsidiaries within the Astro Group or other organisations for the purpose as outlined in this Section 6 .
Astro may also provide your information to carefully selected third parties whose products or services it believes may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish for Astro to disclose your information , please send an e-mail to Webmaster account .
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
7.1 The Astro Website may contain , from time to time , links to other web sites .
Astro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or of any third party .
You should review the privacy policies of such websites when you visit them .
This Policy applies solely to information collected by the Astro Website .
What is a Cookie ?
8.1 When you enter a website your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie .
Cookies are text files that are placed in your computer 's hard drive to identify your computer to our server .
Generally , cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question , and the duration .
Many websites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flow .
8.2 Depending upon the type of browser you are using , you may set your computers to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or not to receive cookies at any time .
The last of these , of course , means that certain personalised services can not then be provided to you .
8.3 Astro uses `` cookies '' to store and track information about you and your use of the Astro Website .
Unless you have an Astro Membership , Astro cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user , just the computer used .
You may browse the Astro Website anonymously until such registration .
8.4 The Astro cookie and information retrieved from the Astro cookie is used in line with the uses set out in Section 5 above and more specifically :
8.4.1 To help save and retrieve passwords used on the Astro Website .
This way , you will not have to re-enter information upon every new visit to the Astro Website .
8.4.2 To track information such as the frequency and duration of your use of the Astro Website , your click-stream as you go through the Astro Website , your preferred sites , and help us determine whether you came to the Astro Website from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement .
8.4.3 To analyse the profile of the Astro Website visitors and users to helps Astro provide you with better service and to enhance our service .
8.4.4 To personalize the content , banners and promotions that you will see on the Astro Website .
8.5 Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your computer 's hard drive at the end of a session .
You are always free to decline the Astro Website cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Astro Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session .
8.6 Astro uses other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Astro Website .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Astro Website , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie in your computer .
These companies may use information retrieved from their cookies to provide advertisements on the Astro Website and other websites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
ASTRO HAS NO ACCESS TO OR CONTROL OVER THIRD-PARTY COOKIES AND THEY ARE NOT SUBJECT TO ASTRO 'S PRIVACY POLICY .
PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY OF THESE THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES FOR DETAILS
9.1 If you want to prevent one of these third-party companies from sending and reading cookies on your computer , you will need to visit each of their websites individually to request that you be removed from that system .
OPTING-OUT , CHANGE , UPDATE OF AND ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
10.1 You will be given the opportunity to 'opt-out ' of having your information used for purposes not directly related to the Astro Service and Website at the point where Astro asks for information .
If you do not wish to receive our promotional updates you may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line in the email sent or by emailing us at the Webmaster account .
10.2 If you wish to correct , change or update your particulars in your Astro Membership , please click on `` Epass '' to do so .
You will need to have your user ID and password .
10.3 You may terminate and close your Astro Membership by logging in to `` Epass '' from the e-mail address provided by you the time you opened your Astro Membership and created your user ID and password .
Your e-mail must specify your user ID , and expressly state that you wish to terminate your Astro Membership .
10.4 You can write to us at any time to obtain details of the personal information Astro holds about you .
Please write to :
The Webmaster account .
Please quote your name , address , user ID and Astro Account/Astro Membership number .
It would be helpful if you also provide brief details of what information you want a copy of .
Astro may charge a reasonable sum permitted by Malaysian personal data protection legislation to cover our administration costs .
10.5 Astro reserves the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal information , but will give reasons for our refusal .
11.1 The Internet is not a secure medium , and communications over the Internet may be subject to third-party interception .
Astro can not accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information , save in accordance with the Astro Website Terms of Use & Notices .
11.2 Astro has implemented security policies , rules and technical measures to protect your Astro Membership information from unauthorised access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorised modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
All our employees and data processors , who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal information , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your Astro Membership information .
11.3 While Astro can not guarantee that loss , misuse or alteration of data will not occur ; Astro makes reasonable efforts to prevent such unfortunate occurrences .
11.4 Personal information that Astro collects from you will be stored and backed up securely in an environmentally-controlled location .
Only authorized people with user ID and password from Astro have access to the information .
11.5 You must remember to log off from your Astro Membership and close the browser window after use so that no unauthorized party can have access .
You must not , at any time , divulge your user ID and password to any third party .
TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF MALAYSIA
12.1 It may be necessary to transfer your personal information to other group companies or service providers located in countries outside Malaysia .
This may happen where our servers or suppliers and service providers are based outside Malaysia or where you use the Astro Website and/or Astro Service from countries outside Malaysia .
In these instances Astro will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights are respected in accordance with this Policy .
CONTACTING THE ASTRO WEBSITE
13.1 If you have any questions about this Policy or your dealings with the Astro Web site , please write to :
or send an email through our Customer Care section :

ATP Tour , Inc .
( `` ATP '' ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
Please read this Privacy Policy , as well as our [ Terms of Use Agreement ] for more details about how we use information you submit to the Website .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use Agreement , constitute the entire agreement between you and ATP .
By your use of the Website you consent to be governed by this Privacy Policy .
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 ( THIRTEEN ) YEARS OLD , PLEASE TALK TO YOUR PARENTS BEFORE USING THE WEB SITE OR PROVIDING YOUR NAME OR OTHER INFORMATION TO THE WEB SITE .
YOU CAN NOT SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THE WEB SITE WITHOUT YOUR PARENT 'S PERMISSION .
You can visit the Web site without disclosing any information about yourself .
However , to participate in any interactive features including , but no limited to contests , forums , games , download any Content , receive information from ATP such as mobile alerts , newsletters or email regarding news , results , ATP products , tickets alerts , and partners offers , ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) you must register and provide accurate information about yourself to the Web site , as the Services may not work properly without such information .
Additionally , the Web site contains links to web sites that are not operated by ATP , such as the companies which operate Fantasy Tennis and the ATP Shop .
These third parties may collect data from you and share some of that data with us .
ATP is careful when choosing its partners , sponsors , and affiliates , but ATP is not responsible for any misuse of personal information by such third parties .
We recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each web site that you use to confirm that the site 's policies are acceptable to you .
When using the Services , we may ask you to provide all or some of the following information : your name , your address ( including city , state/province , country and zip/postal code , your email address , your telephone numbers , your date of birth , your gender ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
We may also ask you to provide your thoughts or answer some questions about your favorite ATP events , personalities , and other subjects of interest to tennis fans .
Your Personal Information is password protected , and any Personal Information you provide to the Web site is protected from unauthorized disclosure by reasonable technological measures .
Information provided to ATP is not , however , transmitted via SSL encryption technology .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
At no time will an employee of ATP ask for your password via email .
If you have any questions about your Personal Information , please contact Jeffrey T. Reel , Vice President and Assistant General Counsel , ATP - Legal Dept. , 201 ATP Boulevard Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida 32082 .
With your consent , Personal Information may be used for marketing and promotional communications by ATP , its partners , sponsors , affiliates , successors , and assigns .
ATP will , not , however , sell or lease your personal information to third-parties not associated with ATP , its partners , sponsors , and affiliates .
ATP believes that tennis fans will appreciate receiving information regarding ATP events and players .
However , ATP respects the right of each fan to decide whether to receive such information .
If you do not wish to receive marketing and promotional communications from us or our partners , sponsors , and affiliates , you can choose to customize your product email opt-ins by logging in to your account and simply opting out to the specific product .
If you would like to close your account with us and delete your profile , please login to the Fan Credential preference center and click on Remove My Account ' .
You can also unsubscribe to our mailings lists from the link found in each mailings .
The Web site or ATP may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the business assets transferred by ATP .
In such a case , your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer , and you hereby agree to such transfer..
To evaluate the web site and ensure that we are providing Content and Services of interest to you , we may collect and store statistical information regarding how you use the Web site , the name of your Internet Service Provider , the Web site that referred you to the Web site , and the time and date you view the Web site .
We may also use Personal Information to develop demographic information regarding Web site users .
Such aggregated information will not identify you personally .
We may share this aggregated , statistical information with our partners , sponsors , affiliates , and other third-parties .
From time to time ATP may place a cookie on your computer .
A `` cookie '' is a small line of code that is stored in your browser when you visit a cookie-enabled Web site .
A cookie allows us to track and keep records on user activity .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
If you set your browser to reject cookies , it is possible that some parts of the Web site will not function .
Moreover , in order to use the Services , your browser must accept cookies .
DISCLOSURE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT PURPOSES
ATP reserves the right to access and disclose Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate its systems properly , or to protect itself or others .
ATP may attempt to obtain the prior consent of the individual before disclosing the Personal Information , but it has no obligation to do so .
ATP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
Please review this Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact Jeffrey T. Reel , Vice President and Assistant General Counsel , ATP - Legal Dept. , 201 ATP Boulevard , Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida 32082 .
The safety of children , both online and off line , is important to ATP and all of its members .
So , if you are under the age of 13 , please ask your parents to look at this page with you before you submit any information to the ATP Web site .
This Web site is a general audience Web site .
We do not knowingly collect and/or share Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen on the Web site .
However , your child can not use some of the interactive features or Services of the Web site , such as the Contest or Message Features , without providing Personal Information .
We therefore recommend using the Web site with your child if he or she is interested in participating in an interactive feature of the site .
If , in the future , ATP collects Personal Information from children , it will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
2010 ATP Tour , Inc .
All Rights Reserved .

AT & T Privacy Policy
Our privacy commitments are fundamental to the way we do business every day .
These apply to everyone who has a relationship with us - including customers ( wireless , Internet , digital TV , and telephone ) and Web site visitors .
We will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe .
We use encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data .
We will not sell your personal information to anyone , for any purpose .
We will fully disclose our privacy policy in plain language , and make our policy easily accessible to you .
We will notify you of revisions to our privacy policy , in advance .
You have choices about how AT & T uses your information for marketing purposes .
Customers are in control .
We want to hear from you .
You can send us questions or feedback on our privacy policy .
Print our full policy
About Our Privacy Policy
Whenever you do something like buy one of our products , stream a movie or download an app , information is created .
Because we know your privacy is important , we have a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect , use and protect that information .
There 's a quick summary below , and the entire policy is written in an easy FAQ format .
We want to simplify this , so you can make informed choices about your privacy , and then spend the rest of your time enjoying our products and services .
Effective September 16 , 2013
A Quick Summary of Our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy applies to your use of our products and services .
We will always provide you with notice of material changes to this Policy .
In order to do things like constantly improve our services , products and relationship with you , we may collect different types of information that help us learn more about how you use our offerings .
Here 's some of the information we collect :
Account Information includes your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , service-related details such as payment data , security codes , service history and other information like that ;
Network Performance & Usage Information tells us how you use our network , our products and our services , and how well our equipment and network is performing ;
Web Browsing & Wireless Application Information tells us about the websites you visit and the mobile applications you use on our network ;
Location Information tells us where your wireless device is located , as well as your ZIP-code and street address ;
U-verse Information tells us about which programs you watch and record , the games you play , the applications you use and similar information about how you use our U-verse services and applications .
Here are the three basic ways we collect it :
We get information from you when you do things like make a purchase from us ;
We collect it from how you use our products and services ;
Other sources , like credit agencies and marketing companies , provide it to us .
Here are just some of the ways we use it .
Provide services and improve your customer experience ;
Send you bills for your services ;
Respond to your questions ;
Address network integrity and security issues ;
Do research and analysis to maintain , protect , develop and improve our network ;
Let you know about service updates , offers and promotions ;
Improve entertainment options ;
Deliver Relevant Advertising ;
Create External Marketing & Analytics Reports ;
Assist in the prevention and investigation of illegal activities and violations of our Terms of Service or Acceptable Use Policies .
Some examples of who we share your Personal Information with :
Across AT & T companies to give you the best customer experience and to help you get everything we have to offer .
With other companies that perform services on our behalf only as needed for them to perform those services .
We require them to protect your information consistent with our Policy .
With other companies and entities , to :
Respond to 911 calls and other emergencies or exigencies ;
Comply with court orders and other legal process ;
Assist with identity verification , and preventing fraud and identity theft ;
Enforce our agreements and property rights ; and
Obtain payment for products and services including the transfer or sale of delinquent accounts to third parties for collection
Details on Personal and Anonymous & Aggregate Information
What is Personal Information ? Information that identifies or reasonably can be used to identify you .
What is Anonymous ? This is information that does n't identify you and ca n't reasonably be used to identify you specifically .
What is Aggregate ? We take a whole bunch of people 's data and combine it into anonymous groups or categories .
How we use this information ? We use and share this information in many ways including research , media analysis and retail marketing and Relevant Advertising .
This data is also included in External Marketing & Analytics Reports
Want to learn more ? Go here .
We do n't sell your Personal Information to anyone for any purpose .
We keep your Personal Information in our business records while you are a customer , or until it is no longer needed for business , tax or legal purposes .
We will keep your information safe using encryption or other appropriate security controls .
Our Online Privacy Policy for Children
We want you to know that we do n't knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone under the age of 13 unless we first obtain permission from the child 's parent or legal guardian .
For information about safety and controls , view our AT & T Smart Controls parental tools .
Your Choices & Controls
You have choices about which types of advertising you get from us ;
You can control whether your anonymous information is used in our External Marketing & Analytics Reports ;
You can choose whether to receive marketing calls , e-mails or text messages from us ;
You have a choice about how we use your Customer Proprietary Network Information ;
Visit our Privacy Policy for more information .
Scope of this Policy
The Information We Collect , How We Collect It , And How We Use It
Online Activity Tracking and Advertising
Aggregate and Anonymous Information
External Marketing & Analytics Reports
Online Privacy Policy for Children
Data Protection & Security
How to Contact Us
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California customers to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As stated in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell your Personal Information to other companies and we will not share it with other companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent .

Your personal information is being processed by the Haymarket Media Group ( 'Haymarket ' ) .
For a full list of our brands and business divisions please visit our web site .
Haymarket respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information .
We comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and aim to maintain consistently high levels of best practice in our processing of your personal information .
This Privacy Notice relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the Haymarket network of websites and/or other services provided by Haymarket .
In order to provide you with the full range of services , we may request and/or record information about you .
This privacy notice explains the following :
the type of information we collect ;
how the information is used ;
when we may contact you ;
whether we will disclose your details to anyone else ; and
the use of cookies .
Many Haymarket websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy notices and we encourage you to review them .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
What type of personal information is collected
When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from any Haymarket website , such as a newsletter , competition , forum we will ask for limited personal information .
We will also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to one of our magazines and when you communicate with us over the telephone or via written correspondence .
This can include information such as your name , postal address , telephone or mobile number , fax number , email address , gender or date of birth .
Different Haymarket websites may ask for different pieces of personal information .
By entering your details in the fields requested , you enable Haymarket and its service providers to provide you with the services you select .
How will the information be used
Haymarket will use your personal information for a number of non-marketing purposes including the following :
we may contact you for service related reasons that you have subscribed to , signed up for , or participate in ( e.g . to make you aware of any delays in your subscription arriving on time , reminding you of a password or username , or about a comment you have made on a website . ) ;
to invite you to share your opinions and comments through a research study about the level of service you receive from us ;
to track traffic flows and to make our websites easier for you to use ;
to fulfil subscription orders ;
to provide a user online community ; and for
planning and managing our business activities by understanding aggregated analysis on behaviour and habits ;
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group which includes our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes
Haymarket may use the information you have provided to promote the products and services of Haymarket or others .
However , be assured that we understand the irritations of unsolicited communications and are fully committed to ensuring the rights and obligations set out in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 are respected .
If you do n't want it , you wo n't get it .
Any marketing communication you receive will always include a clear , simple option to refuse , or 'opt-out ' of such future communications .
You may also opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
The Telephone Preference Service ( TPS ) and the Mailing Preference Service ( MPS ) offer consumers important statutory and non-statutory protection against unsolicited marketing contact .
If you are registered on either service , Haymarket will assume that your subsequent submission of personal data via a Haymarket website or data capture form indicates , for the time being , your consent to receive marketing by us .
You may opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) .
Will Haymarket share my information with anyone else
Haymarket may disclose your personal data where it believes it is compelled to do so by law ; in particular for the prevention or detection of crime , the capture or prosecution of offenders ; and the assessment or collection of tax or duty .
Occasionally , we may share your contact information with carefully selected third party companies whose products and services we feel may be of interest to you .
We will keep these offers relevant to your interests .
It 's easy to unsubscribe from any email or mobile messages you no longer want .
( see below ) .
We use a number of third party organisations to help provide a professional service to our customers ( i.e . fulfilment bureaus , call centres , and website designers ) .
These organizations act as data processors and are strictly controlled in how they may/may not use your personal data .
We remain responsible for the protection of your data .
Please note that some of our partners may be located outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Countries outside the EEA may not be required to protect personal information as stringently as countries inside .
Can I find out what personal information Haymarket holds on me
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Haymarket holds about you .
There will be an administration fee of 10 associated with this request and will require two pieces of identification to prove your identity .
Please make a written application to the Data Protection Officer , Haymarket Media Group , Teddington , Middlesex , TW11 9BE .
If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect , you can click on the contact us link on each website .
If the incorrect information relates to your magazine subscription , then you can contact the customers services team on 08456 777 800 who will update your details as soon as practically possible .
Changes to the Haymarket Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated at any time with or without notice in order to comply with new practices or regulations .
You may wish to visit this page every time you submit personal information to of Haymarket 's websites .
Cookies and your privacy
In order to enable us to provide you with a personalised browsing experience , this website uses 'cookie ' information collection technology .
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information that are issued to your computer when you enter a website .
Cookies are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive , and they can be used for a wide range of purposes , such as identifying your computer 's previous visits to a website , and to ascertain the most popular features of a website .
This website uses cookies as they enable us to identify your computer when you visit the website .
For example , cookies can make it possible for us to identify and automatically log in registered users of certain services on the website without the need for us to ask users for their registration details and password each time they visit .
We also use cookies to develop a clearer picture of which parts of the website are the most popular to its visitors , and your preferences .
Cookies are also used in behavioural advertising to identify users who share a particular interest so that they can be served more relevant adverts .
Information on these websites will assist you in exercising your privacy rights providing guidance on how to opt-out of future access or continued storage of information via cookies .
Following recent revisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 relating to the notification and use of cookies Haymarket is currently working towards implementing the new requirements in line with guidance provided by The Information Commissioner 's Office .
Contacting Haymarket about this Privacy Policy
If you have any further questions or comments concerning your privacy , please contact ;
If you do n't want to receive any more direct marketing messages then please click here .
Used throughout the site , Social Network Icon Pack by Komodo Media , Rogie King is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License .

Effective Date : January 2013
AutoTrader.com , Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to our website .
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the AutoTrader.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website .
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information we gather generally falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information supplied by visitors to the website when they list a car for sale , perform a search , enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest , request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program , or inquire about a vehicle listed for sale or about another product or service offered through our website ; and ( 2 ) information we collect as visitors use our website .
Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website ( including , but not limited to , vendors of products and services and providers of widgets , tools , and applications ) featured on or linked to by our website may also collect information about you .
Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies .
Communicating with us If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online `` Email this Seller '' form .
Some dealerships that list vehicles for sale on our website use third-party service providers to manage their `` leads '' ( that is , the inquiries they receive from consumers who are interested in the vehicles they 've listed for sale ) .
If a dealership has designated a provider of lead management services , we may also share with that provider any information you elect to send to the dealership through our `` Email this Seller '' form .
Vehicle manufacturers like to monitor how responsive their franchised dealers are to consumer inquiries .
To help them monitor and improve dealer performance , we may also provide vehicle manufacturers with the information you send their franchised dealers using our `` Email this Seller '' tool .
If you find a listing for a certified pre-owned vehicle that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will also share the information you supply through our `` Email this Seller '' form with the manufacturer of the vehicle you are inquiring about ( which administers the certified pre-owned program ) to use for quality assurance , internal business analysis , process management , and other similar purposes .
If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with sellers who advertise on our website , lead management service providers , and vehicle manufacturers , you should not use our `` Email this Seller '' contact form .
If you choose to receive a vehicle listing on your mobile phone , we or a service provider acting on our behalf will use the phone number you provide to send the listing you request .
By providing us with your mobile phone number , you agree that we may send this information to your mobile phone via text message or email .
Many of the dealership listings that appear on our website include toll-free telephone numbers that can be used to contact the dealership that is selling the advertised vehicle .
If you call a dealership using one of these toll-free numbers , we ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may provide the dealership with the date , time , and duration of your call , as well as the number from which your call originated and an audio recording of your call .
If you use our website 's live chat feature to ask questions about a vehicle , the service provider that manages this feature on our behalf may send a copy of your chat transcript to us and to the dealership that posted the vehicle listing .
Our service provider collects and uses chat transcripts in accordance with its own privacy policy , which may be accessible via the link shown during the chat session .
If you do not want this information to be shared with us , do not use the chat service .
You may sign up for or use certain products , services and tools on our website that require or permit you to provide information about yourself , such as your name , physical address , email address and phone number .
For example , you may provide such information if you sign up for our newsletters , complete our `` Feedback '' form or use a social media or interactive tool .
We may use such information in order to provide you with the products , services or tools you have requested .
When you list a car for sale , we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers ( including information like your phone number and email address ) .
We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card .
We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment ( please see the section on `` Use and Disclosure of Information '' below for more information about how we use and secure credit card information ) .
We may also use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing , including your name and location , on third-party sites and mobile applications where we distribute or promote your listing .
In addition to the above , we may collect information , and/or use the information we collect , in the following specific ways :
Searches and Listings To make use of certain features on our website , visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs .
For example , to help you find the car you want close to home , we need to know what kind of car you are looking for and your zip code .
We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search .
We use this information to help you find the car you are looking for or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement .
Sweepstakes and Other Promotions From time to time , we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website .
If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest , we will ask you to provide information about yourself ( such as your name , phone number , address , date of birth , and email address ) .
Among other things , we will use this information to contact you if you win , and we may also use this information for marketing purposes .
We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes ; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules .
We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers that help administer our promotions , such as by conducting drawings , and/or delivering prizes to winners .
If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors , please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes .
Online Surveys From time to time , we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our website and other sites and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our website .
Third-party research firms often conduct these surveys on our behalf .
We use the survey results to help us improve the services we offer to you .
Except in the circumstances described below in the `` Other Disclosures '' section of this policy , we will not share , without your consent , any personally-identifying information you submit in response to an AutoTrader.com survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey .
We will , however , take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants .
We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information as we see fit , without identifying you personally .
You may also find on our website invitations to participate in surveys conducted by our advertisers , whose privacy practices we do not control .
These invitations will usually link to an online survey form that is hosted either by the advertiser conducting the survey or by a third-party research firm working on the advertiser 's behalf .
When you access an advertiser 's survey through our website , the use and disclosure of any information you submit will be governed by the advertiser 's privacy policy ( or by the privacy policy of the advertiser 's research firm ) , which may differ from ours .
If you can not find the applicable privacy policy via a link either from the advertiser 's survey invitation or from the online survey form , you should contact the advertiser directly for more information .
Credit App You may be able to apply for credit for a car loan or refinancing through our website using our Secure Credit Application or automobile financing portal .
If you use our website to apply for credit , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) will collect your personal information from you .
This information may include , but is not limited to , your name , email address , date of birth , Social Security Number , address , phone number , credit history , credit score , mortgage/rental information , and employment information .
If you use the Secure Credit Application , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may : ( 1 ) share your application information with the dealership ( s ) you selected so that the dealership ( s ) may make a decision about your application ; and/or ( 2 ) store any application information on behalf of our dealership partners .
If you submit an application through our financing portal , we will transmit your application information to our third-party service provider so that our service provider may process your credit application request , and we may store your name , email address , and phone number on behalf of our dealership partners .
Our service provider 's use and storage of your credit application information is governed by its own privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
AutoTrader.com Trade-In Marketplace If you request an offer for your car through our Trade-In Marketplace program , we will ask you for your contact information , including your name , telephone number and email address .
We may also ask for additional optional information , like your credit score .
We will also ask you for a description of the vehicle that you want to sell or trade , including detailed information about the condition and history of the car .
We will use the information you provide to prepare and send you an offer for your vehicle .
If you access our Trade-In Marketplace program by clicking on a link displayed on a participating dealer website ( or in a listing on AutoTrader.com posted by a participating dealer ) , we will share your contact and vehicle information with that dealer so that the dealer can communicate with you about your interest in selling or trading in your car .
If you indicate that you are considering the purchase of a replacement vehicle , we will share your information with participating dealers in your area so that they can contact you about vehicles that may match your interests .
If you decide to redeem your Trade-In Marketplace offer , the participating dealer that you choose to conduct the required confirmation inspection of your car will also have access to your contact and vehicle information .
When we use other companies to help us operate our Trade-In Marketplace program or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about you and/or your vehicle that is necessary for them to perform their services .
We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request .
Email Addresses We may use your email address to respond to requests you make for our products or services or to respond to your communications with us .
We may also contact you to inquire about your experience on our website , to provide you with information about our products and services available from us or from our affiliates or to communicate to you information related to the automotive industry .
From time to time , we may also send you emails that include special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you .
We hope you will find these communications informative and useful .
If you do not , you can unsubscribe from any of our commercial email programs by following the simple instructions included in an email you receive in connection with that program .
If you request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program we will use and share your email address and other contact information with participating dealers as described in the paragraph immediately above .
MyAutoTrader.com MyAutoTrader.com helps you organize your search for the right car by allowing you to do things like saving your favorite searches and cars .
To access MyAutoTrader.com , we will ask you to register with us on the form provided , which may include personally identifiable information like your email address .
You may also be asked to provide additional , optional personal information , such as your name , gender , and age .
You agree to provide true , accurate , current , and complete information about yourself .
We use this information to process your registration request , provide you with the services and communications that you request , customize features that appear on our website , measure traffic on our website , and improve our website and the services and features offered to MyAutoTrader.com users .
We may share information we collect while you are using MyAutoTrader.com , including registration information , with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services .
Social Networks When you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our website , we and the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use .
The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from this Privacy Statement .
Content You Post to our Website If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our website , such as discussion forums , comments fields and social media areas , please keep in mind that the information you post can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas .
You may also have the opportunity from time to time to respond to questions that we display to users of the website .
If you choose to respond , your response may be published on an area of the website accessible to other users or the public .
We are not responsible for any third-party use of such information .
COOKIES AND OTHER DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies To help us tailor our website , and the tools and applications on our website , to the needs and interests of our visitors , we keep track of visitor interactions with our website through the use of cookies .
Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications .
The `` Help '' function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely .
However , if you do not accept cookies , you will not be able to take advantage of some features on our website that are available to other visitors .
We use cookies to improve the user experience on our website by making it more responsive to the needs of our users , and to make it easier for us to recognize you when you return to our website .
We also use cookies to analyze website performance and to measure advertising performance .
Web Beacons To help us ( and in some cases our advertisers and third-party providers ) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages or listings within our website , and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party websites , we may place a small file , called a web beacon , on some of our pages and on some of the listings and ads we distribute .
We may also place a web beacon in the emails we send to you .
When you open one of our emails or click on links within these emails , we track this click-through data to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you .
If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not open these emails or click text or graphic links in the emails .
Information about Your Computer or Device Our web server ( and/or any web server operated by our service provider ( s ) on our behalf ) automatically collects and may store limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you are running , the resolution of your computer monitor , and your IP address .
Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you .
We also use IP address information for systems administration ( including fraud detection and prevention ) and troubleshooting purposes .
We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our website and the website you visit after you leave our website .
Combined Technology Information Cookies , beacons , information collected about your computer or device , and other data collection technologies ( `` Data Technologies '' ) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services , to help us understand user behavior , to monitor website performance , optimize ads and measure advertising performance .
Website Analytics We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on how visitors use and navigate through the Websites , such as the number of users who visit various pages within the Websites , what they click on , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages , fill out forms , etc .
We use this information to improve the Websites and learn about users , and may disclose it to our affiliates ( including , among others , the members of the AutoTrader Group , Inc. corporate family ) , or to third parties .
Advertising AutoTrader.com has relationships with certain third-party advertising networks , Advertisers , and advertising services ( `` Advertising Services '' ) that collect data , target and serve some of the advertisements , promotions , or other marketing messages you see on our website and other websites and mobile applications , including websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates .
Such Advertising Services may , including through processes that we do not control , use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on these websites , on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates , or with other websites .
These technologies may be used to track user behavior , how our products and services are offered , conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content .
These companies may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile websites or applications , and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services .
Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies .
See `` Use and Disclosure of Information '' below for more information on opt out options .
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Ad Serving and Targeting We ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) , our Advertising Services , our advertisers , and/or our third-party providers may use clickstream data collected using cookies , beacons , and/or browser level information to help us tailor the content of advertising , marketing , and promotional messages ( including , but not limited to , landing pages ) on this and other websites and mobile applications to the perceived interests of our users .
For example , if you 've been viewing pages related to SUVs on our website , you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs on our website and other websites .
This clickstream data does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the IP address of your computer .
Our Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options AutoTrader.com supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance , which regulates the practices relating to the collection of clickstream data .
Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page .
When we present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website - it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our website .
In some cases , to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services , we ( or third party service providers acting on our behalf ) may combine information ( including personally identifying information ) that we collect through our website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources , including offline interactions with us , public databases , and third parties .
We may share this information with our affiliates , including AutoTrader Group , Inc. and any of their subsidiaries , so that we and they may provide you with information , products , and services that we believe may be of interest to you .
Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption ( See `` Security , '' below . )
We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us and to help detect and prevent fraud .
We do not share your credit card information with anyone , except as may be necessary to process your transactions , detect and/or prevent fraud , or comply with law .
LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED
To make our website more valuable to our visitors , we feature some products and services that come from other providers .
Our finance , insurance , warranty , and inspection services , for example , are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services .
We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services .
Our site includes links to other websites , and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you 're visiting or the provider of such products or services .
When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site , use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services .
The provider 's privacy policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site 's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered , you should contact the provider directly for more information .
We may release or use information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws ; to respond to legal process or to a valid law enforcement request ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of visitors to our website , our customers , the public or AutoTrader.com .
As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that AutoTrader.com , Inc. , one of its business units , or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company , information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets .
If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser , we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser .
Similarly , if we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf , we will share with that company ( or its agent ) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program .
We may allow others to search some of our databases ( our listings database , for example ) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data , either for their business purposes , or ours .
Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying ( such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing ) , we will only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website .
When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services .
We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request .
AutoTrader.com , Inc. takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner .
Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption .
While we work hard to protect your privacy , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable , or invulnerable to attack , including your own , and the ones used to transmit your data to us .
We can not and do not guarantee that our systems , or your information , will be secure .
Any information you include in an actual vehicle listing is publicly available on the website and viewable by anyone with Internet access .
This website is intended for use by visitors within the United States .
If you reside outside the United States , please be aware that ( i ) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States , ( ii ) your information ( including personal data ) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage , and ( iii ) the United States , and the localities within the United States where our databases are located , may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside .
By using our website , you expressly agree to our collection , use , disclosure , and transfer of your information ( including personal data ) for the purposes identified herein , and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country .
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Our website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information ; if you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself on this website .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future , we will post the revised Privacy Statement on this website together with an updated reference to its Effective date to reflect the date of the amendment .
Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement as amended .
By visiting AutoTrader.com , you agree that your visit , and any dispute over privacy , is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement .

This privacy statement discloses our purposes and methods for online collection and use of information on AVForums.com .
Types of Information Collected
Generally , personal information is not collected from visitors to AVForums .
However , in order to access certain special services , personal information is requested ; those cases are described in more detail below .
AVForums requires a valid e-mail address for users who want to register an account .
This provides us with a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise in regard to content any visitor creates .
At any time , you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile .
Also in the registration process , you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation , interests , and homepage URL .
This information is made available to other forum users to foster a sense of community .
If you have any concerns about providing this information , simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed .
Certain activities on AVForums involve the use of `` cookies '' to facilitate your experience .
This includes the ability to automatically log you into the website and show you the new forum discussions since your last visit .
You have the option to turn these cookies off at any time by updating your browser settings .
If your browser does n't support cookies , or if you have cookies turned off , these preferences will not be set .
We also use a cookie which collects anonymous traffic data about how people use AVForums .
This information helps us to improve the website and does not affect anyone 's browsing experience or their privacy .
Disclosure of Personal Information
AVForums does not disclose your personally identifying information to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consent unless required by law to do so .
All reasonable care is taken by staff handling personal information to ensure its security both offline and online .
It is our policy to destroy server access and personal information provided during the technical support process upon completion of the technical support incident .
It 's also important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal information ( e.g. , last name , address , phone number ) in a posting on the forum , that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you .
For that reason , we discourage the offering of any personally identifying information within the message board itself .
Although AVForums is generally targeted at an adult audience , we welcome the participation of younger users with their parents ' consent .
We strongly recommend that users under 18 years of age refrain from offering any personal information either in their user profile or in the forums themselves , and we encourage parents to stay involved in the online life of their children .
AVForums operates a zero tolerance policy toward online bullying .
If any member has a concern about any message they see on the website , they can report that content and our moderating team will investigate .
We expect members of our community to treat each other with respect .
The rules for using AVForums can be found here .
AVForums complies fully with the UK data protection act .
The personal data we store about our members ( limited to their email address and date of birth in most cases ) is used only for internal purposes and therefore we are not obliged to notify the Information Commissioner 's Office .
Changing or Updating Personal Information
If members wish to update or change their profile on AVForums , they may click here .
If you have questions regarding your information , please contact us .
Published : Sep 17 , 2013

Last update : 1st July 2013 .
Summary of changes can be consulted at the bottom of this Privacy Policy .
What Information Does AVG Technologies Collect ?
Do We Use Cookies ?
How Do We Use the Information We Collect ?
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
AVG Update Bulletin and Other Communications
Links to Other Companies
Changes of Privacy Policy
As a security and other software producer , AVG Technologies knows that you care about how your Personal data and information is used and shared .
AVG is in the security business to protect you .
In order to do our job , at times we may need access to certain data on your PC , tablet , mobile phone or other applicable device .
We respect your right to privacy .
We want to make sure that you understand the type of Personal data and information we collect about you , how it is used and the safeguards we use to protect it .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , AVG Technologies shall mean AVG Technologies NV or any other company controlled by , controlling or under common control with AVG Technologies .
What Information Does AVG Technologies Collect
The type of Personal data and information that we collect and retain depends upon your interaction with our Site and/or our AVG Products .
Here is a short overview of the two main types of interactions .
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US
We collect the Personal data and information you provide to us on our Site or through our AVG Products , including your name , address , email address , telephone number , and if you pay by credit card , your account information .
This happens when you :
Create a user account , place an order , register a product
Requesting product support or other services
Request information about AVG Products
Our AVG Products can collect information about your PC , tablet , mobile phone or other applicable device , about files stored or applications installed and sites you have accessed when they identify threats or potential threats .
This information , with your consent is transmitted back to AVG .
It is possible that on rare occasions this may provide Personal data and information .
Be assured we always treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws .
You have the final decision on whether to proceed with any activity that requests Personal data and information .
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND STORED AUTOMATICALLY
When you interact with AVG Products or Sites we may maintain a partial or full record about some or all of the following types of information :
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address or other technical information such as a referring web site , if any , and the path you take through AVG Technologies Sites when you visit us online
The date and time , the internet address of the website from which you link directly to our website
The name of the file or the words you search , and the browser you use to access our website
Information about malicious applications , files and other potential threats on your PC , tablet , mobile phone or other applicable device , their behavior and origin
Files and the content of files that contain threats or potential threats
Information about your device ( PC , tablet , mobile phone or other applicable device ) like device ID , device name , third party applications , types and number of files and programs on such device , and device settings .
Specifically for mobile phones we may also collect serial numbers of SIM cards , serial numbers of the phone , third party apps installed on the device , installation and uninstallation rates , language and manufacturer of the device , screen size and model of the device , the location of the device and the mobile network ( mobile carrier ) you use but not the phone number
The information collected and stored automatically by our Site is used to measure the number of visitors to it and to identify system performance or for server issues .
We also use this information to help us expand the coverage of our Site and to make it more useful .
Do We Use Cookies
You can find comprehensive information on how AVG 's website uses cookies here .
How Do We Use the Information We Collect
The Personal data and information we collect is generally used to help us develop the best protection and performance for you , process your requests and transactions , to provide you with high quality service , to tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest to you , to customize your experience on our Site and to understand your needs so that we may provide you with the most suitable products and services .
For example , we may use your Personal data and information to help us :
Provide you with information about virus alerts , product upgrades , new products , services , research on future product ideas or improvements
Send newsletters , informative e-mails or other information which has the nature of business announcements
Create content that is relevant to you
Provide you with special offers that may be of interest to you , including offers relating to third party products and services
Assist us in creating better , customized products and services to meet your needs
Allow you to purchase and download products , obtain access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select
Help you quickly find software , services , or product information important to you
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you chose to do so
Notify you about changes to our service
In case your files , applications or emails are malicious , potentially malicious or spam
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
The Personal data and information that you have provided to us may be made accessible to these AVG Technologies offices for customer relationship management and marketing purposes .
AVG Technologies does not sell or rent your Personal data and information to third parties .
AVG , like all major organizations , uses a range of third parties to provide services to AVG and to you either directly or indirectly .
All of these companies are required to comply with our data privacy and information security policies and we aim that they do not compromise your Personal data and information .
We may share your Personal data and information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is : a ) authorized by law or necessary to comply with a legal process or to deliver the product or service you require ; b ) in response to legal claims ; c ) required to protect and defend the rights , property or legitimate interests of AVG Technologies ; d ) necessary to protect personal safety , property or other rights of AVG Technologies and its customers or employees ; or e ) an integral part of a sale of all or part of our business .
If legally compelled to disclose your information to a third party , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of a disclosure unless legally prohibited .
SELECTED PARTNERS , DISTRIBUTORS AND RESELLERS
We may share your Personal data and information , such as your e-mail contact , with selected AVG Technologies partners , distributors and resellers .
Some of them may contact you , either on our behalf or for their own account , about products , services or offers that we believe are important to you or your business , or to fulfill any terms under your licensing and service relationship with AVG , and to provide you a local technical and customer support .
If you are using any AVG Product with search functionality , we may share your IP address with search providers .
Please note they may have their own privacy policy with which you should familiarize yourself .
If you have given your Personal data and information to AVG Technologies for the purpose of providing you with products or services , you have the right to ask us to advise you of the scope of information AVG Technologies processes about you , the purpose and nature of the processing , and information on who we share it with .
If you have given us your Personal data and information , you can also request to update , correct , or delete ( assuming that this does not impact the services we are providing to you ) it at any time .
Importantly , in addition you can opt out of marketing contact upon request .
While we will strive to accommodate your requests , we may reject requests which risk the privacy of others , are unreasonable or repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing an existing business practice ) , or would be extremely impractical .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of these reasons , after information is deleted from our services , we may not immediately be able to remove residual copies from our active servers and may not delete information from our backup systems .
AVG Update Bulletin and Other Communications
Some AVG Products enable AVG to transmit product and important service messages to your PC , tablet , mobile phone or other applicable device when you are connected to the AVG Server .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy an AVG Server means any AVG Products related server operated by any company from the AVG group of companies .
If you do not wish to continue receiving our e-mail newsletters , bulletins , or other information from AVG Technologies , you can opt-out at any time by responding to any e-mail you receive from us and writing the word unsubscribe in the subject line of the response , or you could unsubscribe by following the relevant unsubscribe process outlined in respective email or newsletter .
Please be aware that our e-mails may include important or useful information about your AVG products , including information about your License Number or the status of your orders or accounts .
Links to Other Companies
Periodically , our Site or our Products may contain links to and from websites or other external destinations of our business partners , distributors , resellers , advertisers or other third parties .
If you follow a link to any of these websites or any other external destination ( like offers on mobile app stores etc . ) , please note that these websites and destination have their own privacy policy which you should read before you submit any Personal data and information .
We may also link to co-branded websites that are maintained by AVG Technologies and one or more of our business partners .
AVG Technologies is committed to maintaining the security of information under our control .
We have taken security measures , consistent with best industry practices , to protect your Personal data and information .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure correct use of information , we have put in place industry-accepted physical , technical and administrative practices to safeguard and secure the information we collect .
Changes of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
However , we will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated .
On 1st July 2013 , we made an update to this Privacy Policy .
The main adjustments made are :
Last update ' moved to top of the policy and inclusion of summary of changes made
Change in use of terminology from a mix of usage including personal data and personally identifiable information ( PII ) to single usage of Personal data and information ( PDI )
Merger of AVG Privacy Policy and AVG Mobilation ' Privacy Policy
Expansion of transparency of data collected e.g . increased granularity
Clarification of data subject rights grouping and reordering into a new Rights and Responsibilities section
Inclusion of statement to inform data subjects about third party access requests
Follow this link to access previous versions of the AVG Privacy Policy .

This privacy policy ( `` Policy '' ) applies to the Web site owned and operated by Avvo , Inc .
The Policy is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information ( as defined below ) so you can make an informed decision about using our Site .
Please read this statement before using our Site or submitting any personal information to us .
By using our Site , you represent that you are 13 years old or older and you consent to the information collection and use practices described herein .
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this privacy policy at any time .
We will notify you of these changes by posting a revised privacy policy on the Site and indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated .
Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your consent to any such changes .
We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our Site to determine if any changes have been made and to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used .
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION
As used herein , the term `` personal information '' generally means information that specifically identifies an individual ( such as user 's name , address , telephone number , email address , credit card or other account number ) or that is associated with an identifiable person ( such as demographic information or information about a person 's activities when such information is linked to personally identifying information ) .
However , personal information does not include , and this policy does not cover , any publicly available information and public records about professionals , including without limitation information obtained from licensing authorities , associations , accrediting bodies , courts , law enforcement agencies , and websites that are available to the public .
Personal information also does not include `` aggregate '' information , which is data we collect about the use of the Site or categories of Site users , from which any personal information has been removed .
For example , information that forty-seven percent of the Site 's registered users identify themselves as male , is aggregate information .
We collect aggregate data for a number of purposes , including to help us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new publications , products and services , and tailor existing publications , products and services to user desires .
This policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
Personal information may be collected from you in a number of ways when you visit our Site or use the various services and activities available on our Site .
At several places on our Site , we may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information .
For example , if you register for the Site , send us an email , contact or recommend a professional , or submit client ratings or peer endorsements , we may collect your name , address , phone number , email address , and other personal , professional , demographic and business information that you provide .
If you are a professional and claim or update your profile ( `` Profile '' ) , we may also collect your credit card information , photographs and professional and business information about you , your practice or specialty areas and your educational background .
In addition , from time to time we may collect demographic , contact or other personal or demographic information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys , promotional offers , forums and other interactive areas of the Site .
When you visit our Site , some information is also automatically collected through the use of log files , such as your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , your computer 's operating system , the browser type , the address of a referring web site and your activity on the Site .
We use this information for purposes such as analyzing trends , administering the Site , improving customer service , diagnosing problems with our servers , tracking user movement , and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of `` cookies . ''
Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user 's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history .
If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information , we would treat this information as personal information .
If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies , please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions .
However , if your browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie , you will not be able to sign in to your Avvo account or professional Profile and will not be able to access certain Site features or services .
We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site , provide certain functionalities ( such as maps ) , or to collect , track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from users , such as the user 's browser type , operating system , browsing behavior and demographic information .
These third parties may collect personal information from you in connection with the services they provide and may place cookies , web beacons or other devices on your computer to collect nonpersonal information which may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties .
If you do not want Avvo and its marketing service provider to follow your usage of our services via cookies and Web beacons , you can opt out by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager .
We are not responsible for , and do not control , any actions or policies of any third party service providers .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , Google Maps imagery is supplied by Google , Inc. , and use thereof is subject to the Google Privacy Statement .
In general , we use personal information we collect from you through the Site to facilitate your use of the Site , to process your requests or transactions , to provide you with information , products and services you request , to administer and assist us with the operation of the Site and of our business , and for the purpose for which the information was provided .
For example , we may use the information we collect :
to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site , such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service ;
if you are a professional , to verify your identity when attempting to claim your Profile ;
to respond to your emails , submissions , comments , requests or complaints ;
to request feedback and to enable us to analyze , develop , customize and improve the Site and our information and services ; and
for the specific purpose for which the information was provided .
In addition , we may use the information we collect to send you news relevant to your profession , product and service updates , notifications of activity in your profile , and Avvo Q & A and Avvo Guides alerts , to contact you about special events , promotions or offers and for other marketing , informational , product development and promotional purposes ;
We may also receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships , and may combine this information with the other personal information we have about you .
In such cases , this Policy governs our use and disclosure of such information .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
We do not sell , share , or rent any personal information we collect from you through the Site in ways different from what is disclosed in this Policy , although we may provide aggregate information or other nonpersonal information to third parties without your authorization .
We may share your personal information with third parties if you have indicated to us that you wish to receive information from such parties or if you otherwise give us your consent to do so , including if we notify you on the Site that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information .
In the event that we engage or partner with third party vendors , consultants or other service providers in connection with the operation of the Site and our business ( `` Service Providers '' ) , we may share personal information with such Service Providers who need access to such information to carry out their work for us .
For example , we may use credit card processing or verification service companies to verify credit card information .
In addition , we may offer various features through a third party service provider .
For example , mapping services are provided by Google Maps .
When you use these services , you are providing information directly to the provider of these services , and the provision of such information is subject to such party 's own privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties or for any information you provide to these parties directly , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to such third parties with which you come into contact .
You should also note that personal information that you post to public areas of the Site , may become publicly available .
For example , information you post in your Profile or in client ratings , peer endorsements , forums , blogs or any other interactive areas , or other information that is provided for the purpose of being shared may be made publicly available and can potentially be viewed by anyone .
Your posting to such public areas of the Site constitutes your consent to share such information publicly .
We also may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law ( e.g. , a lawful subpoena , warrant or court order ) ; to enforce or apply this privacy policy or our other policies or agreements ; to initiate , render , bill , and collect for amounts owed to us ; to protect our or our customers ' rights , property or safety ; to protect our customers from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful use of our Site ; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information .
In addition , information about our customers , including personal information , may be disclosed as part of any merger , acquisition , debt financing , sale of company assets , as well as in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the Company .
Please note : The Site may contain links to other sites , including Avvo blogs or other interactive forums hosted by a third party .
Please be aware that although we may participate in or utilize such other sites , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of any Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
Similarly , if you entered this Site through another Web site , we are also not responsible for the privacy practices of that site , and you should review the privacy policy of the originating site before providing any personal information to that site .
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us .
WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION ONLINE
Avvo endeavors to secure your personal information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure by putting into place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect through this Site .
For example , when we collect credit card information , we use a secure server with Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption software and store such credit card information using encryption methods designed to prevent unauthorized access .
Additionally , your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password .
Please be aware , however , that despite our efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
To protect the confidentiality of your personal information , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password .
Please advise us immediately by emailing us if you believe your password has been misused .
You should also note that email is not secure , and you should not send any confidential or sensitive information to us via an unsecured email .
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may automatically enroll you in one or more of our email subscription programs .
However , you will have the opportunity to select whether or not you wish to continue to receive each category of subscription email by changing your account settings on the email and notifications page of the My Account section of the website .
In addition , you may `` opt out '' of receiving any category of subscription , marketing or promotional email from Avvo by following the unsubscribe instructions or using the unsubscribe links within the emails we send .
Please note , however , that as long as you maintain an account , you may not `` opt out '' of receiving service or account-related emails from Avvo .
HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to this Site , or you wish to verify , correct or delete any personal information we have collected , please contact us , and we will endeavor to respond to your inquiry or to correct , update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate to the extent possible .
You can correct certain information by logging into your account and changing the information , and you may also delete certain information by closing your account .
In addition , lawyers may change certain information contained in their Profile by claiming their Profile and editing the information contained therein , or by sending us an email .
However , please note that in certain circumstances , we may not , or may not be able to , remove or change certain information , even in the event an account is closed .
For example , we may retain certain information , such as credit card information , for a certain period of time , and we also may retain and continue to display any information you provided in connection with a lawyer Profile or a blog or other interactive forum .
In lieu of email , you may also contact us by mail at the following address :
Avvo , Inc .
705 Fifth Avenue South , Suite 600
Seattle , WA 98104
Attn : Privacy Policy

Effective Date : 04/26/2012
What Do You Do With My Information
At AWeber Systems , Inc. ( `` AWeber '' ) , we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously .
The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged AWeber .
AWeber has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Program Requirements and the TRUSTed Cloud Program Requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
AWeber complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
AWeber has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Here 's what we do - and , more importantly , do n't do - with any information you provide us .
I Am An AWeber Affiliate
Your name , address , phone and fax number , email address , tax ID number or SSN and any other information you provide are held in strict confidence .
We collect this information only so we can generate your commission checks and so we can meet United States federal tax requirements .
We do not sell or share your information with anyone else .
I Am A Subscriber To An Email List Managed Using AWeber
Your email address , name and any other information you provide such as address and phone number you provide to our customers are held in strict confidence .
We only keep your information so that the customer whose email list you signed up to can email you .
We do not contact you .
We do not sell or share your information with anyone else .
AWeber collects information under the direction of its Clients , and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes .
AWeber works with its Clients to help them provide notice to their customers concerning , the purpose for which personal information is collected .
AWeber has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes .
An individual who seeks access , or who seeks to correct , amend , or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the AWeber 's Client ( the data controller ) .
If the Client requests Aweber to remove the data , we will respond to their request within 30 business days .
AWeber will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed provide services to our Client .
AWeber will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter ( s ) , we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters you may follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of the communications you receive .
What About Clear Gifs
We employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
I Am An AWeber Customer
Your account information is held in strict confidence .
All customers ' account information is .
We do not sell or share your information with anyone .
We only collect information like your name , email address , mailing address , phone number , and billing information so we can provide the email marketing services described on this website .
We use other third parties such as a credit card processing company to bill you for services and a Live Chat service to assist you if you have questions while using our site or regarding your order .
When you sign up for our services we will share your personal information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
In the event AWeber goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred .
You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information .
Access To Personal Information
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
The security of your personal information and our clients ' information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as login credentials and credit card information ) we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can contact us .
We do use cookies to track a number of activities and provide a desirable experience for our affiliates , our customers , and their subscribers .
We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We treat any data that we collect with a cookie with the same high respect that we treat other data about customers , subscribers and affiliates , and only use it in ways that are consistent with the policies described above .
In addition to our own cookies , our third party advertisers may use them to both improve the performance of our service and provide features such as advertising .
You can restrict the use of cookies or delete them from your browser at anytime by configuring your browser settings .
( Please note that restricting cookies can interfere with some of the functionality of our website . )
What About Log Files
As is true of most Web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites .
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information .
We do obtain the customer 's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial .
If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial please contact us
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
You can connect your account to social media Web sites using services such as Facebook Connect .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to share messages on these sites .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Notification Of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Links To Other Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of AWeber .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy statements .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .

Axis Bank Limited ( The Bank ) recognizes the expectations of its customers with regard to privacy , confidentiality and security of their personal information that resides with the Bank .
Keeping personal information of customers secure and using it solely for activities related to the Bank and preventing any misuse thereof is a top priority of the Bank .
In this Policy , personal information means any information that relates to a natural person , which either directly or indirectly , in combination with other information available or likely to be available with the Bank , is capable of identifying such person .
This Policy is applicable to personal information collected by the Bank directly from the customer or through the Bank 's online portals , electronic communications as also any information collected by the Bank 's server from the customer 's browser .
The Bank collects , retains and uses personal information only when it reasonably believes that it is for a lawful purpose and that it will help administer its business or provide products , services , and other opportunities to the visitor / customer .
The Bank collects two types of information : personal and non-personal .
Information regarding name , addresses , email addresses , passport number , Income , PAN , details of nominees , etc .
For customers enrolled in services provided by Axis , such as online bill payment , personal information about the transaction is collected .
The IP address of the device used to connect to the Bank 's website along with other information such as browser details , operating system used etc . and the name of the website that redirected the visitor to the Bank 's website .
The Bank has processes in place to ensure that the personal information residing with it is complete , accurate and current .
If at any point of time , there is a reason to believe that personal information residing with the Bank is incorrect , the customer may inform the Bank in this regard .
The Bank will correct the erroneous information as quickly as possible .
The Bank uses the information collected to manage its business and offer an enhanced , personalized online experience on its website .
Further , it enables the Bank to :
Process applications , requests and transactions
Maintain internal records as per regulatory guidelines
Provide services to customers , including responding to customer requests
Comply with all applicable laws and regulations
Recognize the customer when he conducts online banking
Understand the needs and provide relevant product and service offers
The Bank does not disclose sensitive personal data or information of a customer except as directed by law or as per mandate received from the customer / applicant .
No specific information about customer accounts or other personally identifiable data is shared with nonaffiliated third parties unless any of the following conditions is met :
To help complete a transaction initiated by the customer
To perform support services through an outsourced entity provided it conforms to the Privacy Policy of the Bank
The customer / applicant has specifically authorized it
The disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation
The information is shared with Government agencies mandated under law
The information is shared with any third party by an order under the law
The security of personal information is a priority and is protected by maintaining physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that meet applicable laws .
Employees are trained in the proper handling of personal information .
When other companies are used to provide services on behalf of the Bank , it is ensured that such companies protect the confidentiality of personal information they receive in the same manner the Bank protects .
In order to address any discrepancies or grievances related to the personal information residing with the Bank , the customer may visit
The Bank may , from time to time , change this Policy .
The effective date of this Policy , as stated below , indicates the last time this Policy was revised or materially changed .

Last Updated : January 3 , 2013
We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used .
Please read the following to understand about our privacy practices .
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of our website , mobile site or app ( the `` Site '' ) .
Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information .
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect , offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) .
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully .
By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service .
Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the `` Last Updated '' date to reflect the date of the changes .
By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified .
Your access of the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Notice does not constitute your acceptance of this Notice unless you make any further access or use of our Site .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the `` Shine The Light '' law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107
How We Collect Information
Information You Provide .
We may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while on our Site .
This may include information that can be used to contact or identify you , such as your name , email address , or postal address .
Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions or participate in contests , surveys or sweepstakes , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site .
We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site .
We may collect location information ( e.g. , city and state and/or zip code ) that you provide .
Certain devices and browsers contain unique identifiers that can be used to identify the geographical location of the device .
When you use such a device or browser to access our Site , your device and/or browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your location information .
We also may collect GPS information from the device if the device transmits it .
Additionally , if you download our app , we may collect your location information in order to deliver our app services .
If you choose to enable certain features in our apps that require your geographic location , then we will collect and store that information .
Other Information Automatically Collected to Improve the Site and Deliver Targeted Advertising .
We also collect and store information through a variety of automatic technologies , such as browser and flash cookies , pixels and web beacons about your use of our Site , including device identifying information such as IP addresses , MAC address or other device-specific alphanumerical ID numbers , the make and model of your device , the wireless provider associated with your device , whether you downloaded the app , the source of the download of the App ( for example , whether via a particular advertisement for the App ) , when the App is launched , how many times a particular page within the Site is visited , which features the users interact with , and your device or computer 's connection to the Internet .
If you choose to connect to our Site through a social network such as Facebook , we may automatically collect your profile information .
These things allow us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site .
The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf .
We also may use `` cookies '' and other similar technologies on the Site .
Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to enhance your experience with the Site .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns .
They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before .
This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as `` transparent GIFs '' ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages .
How Information is Used
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , for the purpose for which the information was submitted , to process your registration request , to provide you with services and communications that you have requested , to send you email updates and other communications , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , to deliver our Site content to you , to measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and to improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site .
We may use location information , either information you provided by you or information automatically collected , in order to provide you with content , services and advertising that is relevant to your geographic area .
We may combine information we collect from you while you are using our Site with information that we collect from other sources to customize features , content and advertising that appear on our Site .
In addition , we may use any information submitted by or collected from you via the Site for any purpose related to the Site , including to contact you for customer service purposes , to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site , and to send you administrative notices and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you .
When we request information from you on the Site , you may always choose not to provide us with that information .
But if you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
If you want to limit the information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy setting .
If you choose to disable cookies or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
How Information is Shared
Sharing with Affiliates , Partners and Third Party Service Providers .
We may provide your information to our affiliates or to third parties , including our third party service providers and contractors , for purposes related to Site administration and other services .
For example , if you use a credit or debit card to complete a transaction on our Site , we may share your personal information and credit card number with a credit card processing and/or a fulfillment company in order to complete your transaction , or such service provider ( s ) may collect that information from you directly , on our behalf .
If you do not wish certain information to be shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice .
We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers , where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content , products and/or services .
We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner .
In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly , in which cases the Privacy Notice of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information .
The Privacy Notice of our provider partners may differ from ours .
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information .
Sharing Information with Third Parties for Advertising and Other Promotional Purposes .
We may use third-party service providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers and advertisers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These third party providers and advertisers may use their own browser or flash cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect technical information ( such as device unique identifier , IP address , MAC address , browser type , pages visited , and location information ) from users of the Site that is generated automatically as a user views or interacts with an ad .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites and other sources , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites .
Unless you affirmatively provide information within an ad , the data collected in connection with the ads , ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the device unique identifier , IP address , MAC address and location information of your computer or device .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers is governed by the relevant third party 's privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Notice .
For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising , see the section `` Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting . ''
Sharing with Third Parties for Other Purposes .
Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public .
Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets .
Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting
We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site .
The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users .
We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers .
The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice .
Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
Information You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Other Community Posting or Social Networking Areas
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
Children 's Privacy Statement
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from a child under 13 .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records .
How To Make Changes to Your Information
If you are a registered user of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the tools available via the Site .
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters , you also may change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by logging in to your account .
If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the `` Customer Service '' pages of our Site .
All information we gather on our Site is stored within databases to which only we and services providers are provided access .
However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
Links to Other Sites
Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third-party , use of any information you provide is governed by the Privacy Notice of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , you can contact :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107

PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR AZLYRICS.COM
Azlyrics.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site : azlyrics.com
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
This site contains links to other sites .
Azlyrics.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact us

Using any part B92.net portal and all parts of the `` RDP B92 Ltd. '' ( hereinafter only B92.net ) , you automatically accept all current terms of use .
Users are required to read the rules of use , and is considered to visitors of the portal B92.net , or any part thereof , at any time to meet with the current rules , and that they understand them completely .
No part B92.net portal can be used for unlawful purposes or for promotion of the same .
Company `` RDP B92 doo '' visitors in good faith to use the contents B92.net portal .
All visitors have the right to use the content B92.net portal , they do not violate copyright rules .
B92.net portal consists of its own content , content partners and advertisers , free content , and content created by visitors and links to external sites .
B92.net content is published in good faith .
All contents B92.net Site at your own risk and B92.net can not be held liable for any damages resulting from the use .
Access B92.net website and all its contents is allowed to persons of any age .
B92.net holds copyright on all its contents ( textual , visual and audio materials , databases and programming code ) .
Unauthorized use of any part of the portal is considered copyright infringement B92.net portal and is subject to prosecution .
Any commercial use or distribution without the permission of the copyright holder ( B92.net , partners , customers ... ) is considered a breach of copyright and subject to prosecution .
If you believe that B92.net violated your copyright , the case will be looked into immediately , and the material in question will be removed immediately after the eventual establishment factual .
Links to external sites
B92.net contains links to sites outside of our own website .
B92.net links published in good faith and can not be held responsible for the content of outside sites .
B92.net protect user 's privacy to the fullest extent possible .
B92.net agrees that in good faith to use the data obtained from the users while using the portal , so that private information will not be distributed or sold to a third party without the permission of the user .
B92.net be in accordance with law to collect certain information about users received while using the Site ( only information about your computer and the information on the Internet service provider ) or data entered into the registration .
These data B92.net used to have information about the users who use it , and thereby improve the portal and its contents further directed and adapted for the public to visit him .
Based on these data , we find that the most popular activities among which the audience .
B92.net undertakes to private information , such as e-mail addresses , names , without the permission of each individual user to sell or distribute , in addition to demographic data for a group of users without revealing private information .
B92.net is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of the portal , except in cases of violation B92.net portal or illegal activities .
Send photos to the page of your photos
Web site B92.net allows your visitors to submit their photos to konkuristi setup in the photo gallery `` Your photos '' .
This does not mean that all published photos that visitors submit only one that editorial B92 chooses .
Due to the large number of photos you get on a daily basis and for different quality and current events , website B92 has a right not to publish photos without any additional explanation of reason for the failure .
Please also send us subsequently mails with requests for explanation because physically we are not able to answer these types of questions .
Authors whose photographs have been published will be signed as they are sent in the form to send but will not be informed about setting up their photos .
Due to the inability to verify the authenticity of the website photos , Web site or the RDP B92 B92 AD can not be responsible for the veracity of author photos as well as due to any breach of copyright in photographs .
Any liability for photos of the author photos or those who have posted .
My photos are posted in good faith and with the assumption that those who sent photos and real authors .
RDP B92 AD does not become the owner of the published images , but reserves the right to use the image in its other programs .
B92 publish video files that are located on servers YouTube.com .
Video files that are marked as `` Related '' are set automatically YouTube software that B92 does not and can not affect .
Therefore B92 is not responsible for the content of the video files .
Modifying and changing rules
B92.net reserves the right without prior notice to change or modify these rules .
About important changes and additions B92.net can notify users via email or publishing on the website .
Using any content on the website B92.net believes that you are familiar with the latest rules .

About Us - Privacy Policy - Main
About BabyCenter | Advisory Board | Awards | Contact Us | In the News | Jobs
Management Team | Mission Statement | Press Releases | Privacy Policy
Terms of Use | Terms of Use - Supplemental
Last Updated on June 28 , 2012
In this Privacy Policy , we ( BabyCenter , L.L.C. , headquartered in San Francisco , California ) describe how we use personally identifiable information about you that we collect through webpages at BabyCenter.com , baby.com , and pregnancy.com that display a direct link to this Privacy Policy ( each a `` Site '' and together the `` Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other data , including , without limitation , data that we collect offline or data that others collect on websites that are linked to the Sites .
The Sites are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Sites from visitors in this age group .
We do , however , collect information about children and babies from their parents .
We ask that our users not provide information about a baby or child without first getting the parents ' consent .
We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to Web sites .
Types of Data Collected ; Collection Methods ; Combination of Data
You actively send information to us when you sign up with us a member on a Site , participate in surveys or promotions , post opinions on our bulletin boards , respond to us or otherwise contact us .
Depending on your choices , you may send us personally identifiable information such as your email address , name , mailing address , phone number , birthday , and gender ; password ; baby due date/birthday , name and gender .
But , you can also use certain features of our Sites without telling us your name and if you do not tell us who you are , we do not try to find out .
We also track information about how you use our Site through cookies , Internet tags or web beacons , and navigational data collection ( log files , server logs , clickstream ) .
For example , your Internet browser automatically transmits to us information such as the URL of the website you just came from and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address and the browser version your computer is currently using .
To accomplish some of the foregoing data processing , we utilize independent contractors .
Read about examples of some of our contractors and how we work with them .
The majority of advertisements on our Sites are served to you on our behalf by our third party ad serving contractor Doubleclick .
However , we do allow third parties ( such as advertisers , ad agencies , and ad networks ) to serve some of the advertisements on our Sites .
Please remember that BabyCenter does not have access to , or control over the placement of cookies or other tracking mechanisms that these third parties may use or the information these third parties may collect .
Such third parties may use cookies which have been placed on your computer to gather information about you and understand the types of pages visited by you and content that you view on our Sites and other websites .
These third parties may associate your browser with relevant interest categories and use these categories to show you interest-based advertisements .
For example , if you frequently visit travel websites , they may direct to you ads related to travel .
You do have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our web site .
Many , but not all , third parties engaged in interest based advertising participate in an industry wide self regulatory program which has developed consumer-friendly standards for interest based advertising .
You can opt out of interest-based advertising offered by participating third parties .
With respect to third parties that do not participate in this program , they may or may not offer a mechanism for opting out of interest based advertising .
In addition to the foregoing , you can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse or delete cookies altogether , but certain features of the Sites might not work without certain cookies .
If you have actively sent us your name or other personally identifiable information , we may combine such information with tracked information for the purposes set forth below .
Purposes of Data Collection
We collect information about you because we want to determine what you may like or find interesting , so we can provide you with targeted information and advertising ( on our Site , in newsletters , via email and otherwise ) .
In addition , we use data to create statistics and reports where personally identifiable information has been removed and aggregated ( such that it is anonymous as regards any specific user ) for various business purposes .
We keep your personally identifiable information confidential and we generally do not disclose it .
But , please note the following clarifications and exceptions :
Our employees and independent contractors have access to some of your personally identifiable information for the purpose of helping us run our business ( and not for their own purposes ) .
They access and use such data subject to our instructions , on a `` need to know '' basis and under confidentiality and security obligations .
If we ever sell a Site or substantial parts of our business , we may disclose your personally identifiable information to a ( prospective ) buyer on the condition that such buyer agrees to comply with this Privacy Policy .
We may also share your personally identifiable information to respond to law enforcement requests , court orders or other legal process or if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to investigate , prevent or respond to illegal activities , fraud , physical threats to you or others or as otherwise required by any applicable law or regulation .
Even though we do not provide any personally identifiable information about you specifically to any advertising customers , they can occasionally find out information indirectly .
For example , we frequently agree on target audiences for particular ads ( for example , an advertiser may ask us to send certain information on infant safety products to parents with small children who may be particularly interested ) .
If you choose to respond to such targeted advertisements , the advertiser may deduce that you are a member of the target audience to whom we sent the ad .
If you sign up for our services on a third party website , such third party may knowfrom you that you signed up on one or our Sites .
Before we disclose your personally identifiable data to a third party for their own business purposes ( such as a survey or a sweepstake ) , we will first obtain your consent , for example via email , click-through , an online opportunity to opt-out or otherwise .
We may share personally identifiable information with affiliated companies .
We freely use and disclose data in anonymous form , for example , in statistics or reports to our advertising customers .
Please remember that if you post any information in areas of our Sites that are generally accessible to users , such as chat rooms and message boards , it will be available to the public .
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss , misuse , and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
But , you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free .
In particular , email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure .
Access and Correction ; Comments and Questions
Please keep your personally identifiable information , accurate , current , and complete by routinely updating your user profile .
Opt-Out , Communication Preferences
You may modify your communication preferences and/or opt-out from specific communications at any time .
Please specify and adjust your preferences .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 28 , 2012 .
We reserve the right to amend it from time to time and if we change it materially , we will post a revised version on the Sites .
Please check back periodically , and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information to us .
Note also that your use of the Sites is subject to our Terms of Use , which contain disclaimers , limitations of liability and a choice of California law .
Your Pregnancy , Week by Week
Your Pregnancy , Week by Week
Subscribe to our free email newsletters that millions of parents rave about .
Privacy Policy & Terms Have an account ? Log in
Free Stuff & Great Deals
See all free stuff and fabulous deals
See more great offers from our partners

Privacy Statement for Babylon
Babylon Ltd. ( ''Babylon '' ) is committed to preserving the privacy of our users .
This Privacy Statement explains which information we collect and how we use it .
The Babylon website ( ''Babylon Website '' ) entitles our users to use Babylon software ( the ''Software ) , both online and after downloading it .
To improve our site , we use cookies to save our users ' usernames and passwords so that they do n't have to re-enter them each time they visit the Babylon site .
We might also use cookies in the Software to allow us to track from which vendor users purchased Babylon .
We also offer our users the option of receiving Help Desk support and our newsletters .
As part of the registration process , after downloading the Software , Babylon requests the following information : the user 's age range , gender , country , zip code , e-mail address and general interests .
The purpose of gathering this information is to help Babylon provide better service to our users and aggregate information to third parties interested in usage patterns of different demographic groups .
Babylon may share information about users with business partners , sponsors and other third parties ; however , we do so only in the aggregate and never on a personal basis .
Personal information might be collected also via live chat , contact form and telephone support .
This basic information will be used in order to help users with their requests when contacting Babylon .
Babylon uses this information to contact our users with information related to our Software and services provided through the Babylon Website ( ''Services '' ) , to personalize the Services , to help us understand the use of the Services , and to describe the Babylon customer base in general terms to prospective users and the media .
When our customers use the Software and Services , we collect and categorize aggregated data , which remains anonymous .
When downloading the Trial version of Babylon users MUST supply their email address and fill in the registration form .
We use this information only in the aggregate , and to send newsletters about the Software , and in order to send a license code for Babylon .
The Babylon Website contains links to other sites from which the Software can be downloaded .
Babylon does not share any information provided by our users with these sites .
Additionally , Babylon is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
From time to time , we may also ask users , optionally , to fill out an online survey to assist us in evaluating the demand for new versions of our Software .
These surveys ask visitors for contact information ( i.e. , name and email address ) , to facilitate notifying interested customers of new products and services offered by Babylon .
We also have security measures ( such as firewall protection on our servers and PC 's ) installed to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the user information under our control .
Users should also be aware of the following :
The details users elect to post during the registration procedure or thereafter become the property of Babylon upon receipt by Babylon ;
Babylon checks for the following information when using Babylon software : your operating system , Babylon Software version , browser version , connectivity , and information regarding your use and the configuration of the Babylon Software ( `` Parameters '' ) .
Parameters are collected in order to provide you with the Software and Services subject to the provisions of this privacy policy hereof and of the Babylon 's License Agreement ( the `` License '' ) , as well as in order to verify that the terms and conditions of the License are not being violated ;
Babylon gathers information related to our users ' use of the our Software ( ''Usage Patterns '' ) to better understand how such users , as a group , use the software and the various features thereof , as well as to help Babylon tailor offerings to user groups with specific profiles , and to conduct market research .
The Parameters and the Usage Patterns may be used in the aggregate for commercial purposes , including without limitation , for marketing , co-registration to other services , promotional activities or any other activity , including , without limitation , the protection of Babylon 's proprietary and other rights all subject to the provisions herein .

Effective March 21 , 2013
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this policy easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
In this policy , Personal Information is defined as data and facts about you that is collected by Backcountry.com , Inc .
( Backcountry ) or its affiliate websites , but does not include your IP address .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Backcountry website , including all affiliated websites , including but not limited to : Backcountry.com , Backcountrytreeline.com , Chainlove.com , CompetitiveCyclist.com , DepartmentOfGoods.com , Dogfunk.com , RealCyclist.com , SteepandCheap.com , and WhiskeyMilitia.com .
On some pages , you can order products , make requests , submit product reviews , and register to receive materials or communications from us .
The types of Personal Information collected at these pages are :
On some pages , you can submit information about other people .
For example , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you will need to submit the recipient 's address .
In this circumstance , the types of Personal Information collected are :
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
Backcountry does not sell , rent or provide your `` Personal Information '' to third parties , except as described below .
Personal Information is generally kept for Backcountry business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or in analyzing sales trends .
We use your Personal Information you provide about yourself when placing an order primarily to complete that order .
Personal Information from the order form is used to send orders , information about our company , and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers .
Personal Information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings .
Backcountry sometimes uses online surveys which ask visitors for Personal Information which usually includes contact information ( typically the customer 's email address ) and demographic information ( like their zip code , age , or income level ) .
We use Personal Information gathered from our surveys to send the user promotional material from Backcountry .
Backcountry periodically runs contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected Personal Information such as contact information ( typically the customer 's email address ) and demographic information ( like their zip code , age , or income level ) .
We use Personal Information gathered from our contests to send users promotional material from Backcountry and at times , to some of our partners .
The customer 's Personal Information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary ( i.e . when someone wins a contest . ) .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
We use this data to tailor our visitor 's experience at our site , showing them content that we think they might be interested in , and displaying the content according to their preferences .
Backcountry shares Personal Information with third parties in certain limited circumstances :
Backcountry may share Personal Information with a third party with your consent .
For example , you have the option to enroll in Bill Me Later , which is an independent third-party payment service .
If you choose to enroll in Bill Me Later , we will share your email address with Bill Me Later to facilitate the enrollment process and Bill Me Later 's subsequent use of your Personal Information will be governed by Bill Me Later 's Privacy Policy .
Backcountry may provide Personal Information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing Personal Information on our behalf .
Backcountry requires that these parties agree to process your Personal Information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
These third parties may only use your Personal Information to the extent required to perform their services on our behalf .
We may provide Personal Information to third parties or marketers for their marketing purposes .
We do not provide your entire credit card or debit card numbers to any of these third parties or marketers , but may provide the last four digits of those numbers to a third party or marketer to aid those third parties or marketers in differentiating individuals from one another .
We may buy or sell subsidiaries or business units .
Generally , in these transactions , customer information ( including Personal Information ) is a transferred asset .
That information will remain subject to the then-existing Privacy Policy until or unless you provide consent for any updated use of your Personal Information .
We may share Personal Information to the extent required by legal process or enforceable governmental request .
We may share Personal Information with third parties to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security , or technical issues .
These third parties may place and read cookies on your browsers , or may use web beacons or similar technologies to collect information in connection with the Google Trusted Merchant Program .
COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES
Backcountry also collects , uses , and monetizes IP Addresses .
An IP Address is a convention of the Internet Protocol that identifies your `` virtual '' address on the internet .
This IP Address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your Personal Information .
All devices connected to a network have an IP Address permitting communication to and from the device .
If you connect to the Internet from your computer , then you have an IP Address that looks something like this : 209.17.654.152 .
In the simplest possible terms , your IP Address contains no data that identifies you as a person .
It is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer .
We use an IP Address for a number of uses as set forth herein .
We use an IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Web site .
The IP Address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information .
Our site uses cookies ( small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer , mobile phone , or other device ) to keep track of your shopping cart .
We use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization .
You can reject cookies and still use the Backcountry site , however , it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart , your account and any personalization efforts .
In addition to the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties as described above , Backcountry may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous IP Addresses to other third parties .
Backcountry sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples of such may include hosting our website , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links , retargeted advertising , analyzing data , etc .
These third parties have access only to IP Addresses and do not have access to your Personal Information .
However , as disclosed above , Backcountry may disclose Personal Information to third parties in certain limited circumstances .
This site contains links to other sites .
This Privacy Policy applies to the Backcountry website and its affiliated websites only .
We do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links .
These external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO CONTENT AND MATERIAL SUBMITTED BY YOU
Any comments , reviews , posts , feedback , questions , answers , notes , messages , images , video , audio , materials , ideas , suggestions or other communications you submit on Backcountry are not private or proprietary .
By submitting User Content on or through Backcountry , you grant Backcountry and its affiliates an irrevocable , royalty-free , worldwide , perpetual right and license to use , copy , modify , display , archive , store , distribute , reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User Content , in any form , media , software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future .
By submitting such User Content on or through Backcountry , you are confirming that ( a ) you are the sole author of the User Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work ; ( b ) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the User Content , including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights , trademarks , rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy ; ( c ) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous , obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement , and ( d ) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these Terms .
By submitting any such User Content on or through Backcountry , you grant Backcountry permission to use your name , alias and any other information ( as provided by you ) to attribute such User Content to you .
Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence , and subject to our Privacy Policy , you authorize Backcountry and its affiliates to share the User Content across all affiliated Web sites , and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such User Content .
You also grant Backcountry and its affiliates the right to use any material , information , ideas , concepts , know-how or techniques contained in such User Content .
We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you .
Any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form .
User Content does not reflect the views of Backcountry , and Backcountry does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness , accuracy , completeness , timeliness or reliability of any User Content , nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content .
In no event shall Backcountry have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content .
If we determine , in our sole discretion , you or any User Content you submit violates this Agreement , we reserve the right , at any time , without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement , to ( a ) refuse to allow you to submit further User Content , ( b ) remove and delete your User Content , ( c ) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content Submission Features and ( d ) use any technological , legal , operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement , including , without limitation , blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration , access using your e-mail address , your user name and password .
BACKCOUNTRY DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT , IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY ( INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT ) FOR ANY LOSS , DAMAGE ( WHETHER ACTUAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE ) , INJURY , CLAIM , LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE .
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
For example , we work to protect the security of your Personal Information during any transmission of same by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
You also have the option to access Backcountry.com and affiliates websites from your mobile or wireless device .
When using your mobile device or a wireless network , the carrier or network administrator may have access to your Personal Information .
For information regarding your carrier or network administrator 's treatment of your information , please consult their respective privacy policies .
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
OPTING OUT OF COMMUNICATIONS FROM BACKCOUNTRY
You may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from us .
OPTING OUT OF HAVING OUR MARKETING PARTNER DELIVER ADS TAILORED TO YOUR WEB PREFERENCES AND USAGE PATTERNS
OPTING OUT OF SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTY PARTNERS FOR MARKETING PURPOSES
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change or replace this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make material changes , we will provide current customers with a revised notice that describes our new practices or a link to the new privacy policy .

Bank of America U.S. Online Privacy Notice
Last updated January 1 , 2014
This U.S. Online Privacy Notice ( Notice ) applies to this Bank of America online interface ( i.e. , website or mobile application ) and any Bank of America U.S. affiliate or subsidiary online interface that links to this Notice , ( each , a Site , and , collectively , Sites ) .
The term `` Bank of America '' or `` we '' or `` us '' or `` our '' in this Notice refers to banking and non-banking U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation that link to this Notice .
This Notice describes how Sites may collect , use and share information from or about you and explains how information may be collected and used based on online interactions with our advertisements that appear on the Sites and third party websites .
Bank of America provides other online interfaces not covered by this Notice .
If you visit or access your accounts from one of these sites , please review the online privacy practices of that site to understand how your online information may be collected , used and shared .
For U.S. account holders and visitors to this Site , we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice , which provides choices in the use and sharing of information .
For Non-U.S. account holders utilizing this Site , we will use and share your account information in accordance with the privacy disclosure that covers your account and with the privacy and security rules applicable to the Bank of America affiliate or subsidiary that provides that account to you .
For additional Privacy Notices and practices information , please review the Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQs ) located on the site .
Please note the terms and conditions of this Notice control .
By using the Site , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice .
Collecting and Using Information
Personal Information We Collect Online
Personal Information means personally identifiable information such as information you provide via forms , surveys , applications or other online fields including name , postal or email addresses , telephone , fax or mobile numbers , or account numbers .
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information :
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests ;
to send you important information regarding the Site , changes to terms , conditions , and policies and/or other administrative information ;
to send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you ;
to personalize your experience on the Site by presenting content , ads or offers tailored to you ;
to allow you to apply for products or services ( e.g. , to prequalify for a mortgage , apply for a credit card , or to open a retirement account , investment account or other financial product ) and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services ;
to verify your identity and/or location ( or the identity or location of your representative or agent ) in order to allow access to your accounts , conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information ;
to allow you to participate in surveys , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities .
Some of these activities have additional rules , which may contain additional information about how Personal Information is used and shared ;
to allow you to use Site financial planning tools .
Please note that some planning tools require that you provide Personal Information to use ( e.g. , mortgage interest rate tracker ) , whereas others do not ( e.g. , mortgage calculator ) .
Information that you enter into one of these planning tools may be stored for future access and use .
You have the option not to save the information ;
collected through aggregation services such as My Portfolio and My Financial Picture in order to consolidate your financial account information at one online location ; understand what product or service may be of interest to you ; and present you with offers ;
collected through our social media pages and interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status .
We may combine this information with information we already have ;
for business purposes , including data analysis , audits , developing and improving products and services , enhancing the Site , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns ;
for risk control , for fraud detection and prevention , to comply with laws and regulations , and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements ;
to allow you to utilize features within our Sites by granting us access to information from your device such as contact lists , or geo-location when you request certain services that are dependent on your physical location .
How Personal Information is Shared
Please see the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice for information on how Personal Information may be shared .
Other Information We Collect Online
Other Information is any information other than Personal Information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual , such as browser information , information collected through cookies , pixel tags and other technologies , demographic information , other information provided by you such as your date of birth or household income , and aggregated and de-identified data .
How We Collect and Use Other Information
We and our third-party service providers may collect and use Other Information in a variety of ways , including :
Through your browser : Certain information is collected by most browsers , such as your Media Access Control ( MAC ) address , device type , screen resolution , operating system version and internet browser type and version .
We use this information to ensure Sites function properly and for security purposes .
Using cookies : Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using .
Cookies we use do not contain or capture unencrypted Personal Information .
Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type , time spent on the Site , pages visited , language preferences , and your relationship with us .
We use the information for security purposes , to facilitate navigation , to display information more effectively , to personalize/customize your experience while visiting the Site , and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services .
We collect statistical information about the usage of the Site in order to continually improve the design and functionality , to monitor responses to our advertisements and content , to understand how account holders and visitors use the Site and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site .
We also utilize cookies for our online advertising purposes .
Please see the Advertising section below for more information .
You can refuse to accept these cookies and most devices and browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies .
You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use .
However , if you do not accept these cookies , you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products and services .
For example , we will not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on .
You also may not receive customized advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your interests and needs .
Using pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIFs or other technologies : These may be used in connection with some Site pages , downloadable mobile applications and HTML-formatted email messages to measure the effectiveness of our communications , the success of our marketing campaigns , compile statistics about usage and response rates , and to assist us in resolving account holders ' questions regarding use of our Site .
Flash objects : As part of our solutions for online authentication , we use Flash objects ( sometimes referred to as Local Shared Objects ) to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to the Site .
For our pages running Adobe Flash content ( demos and tutorials with moving content ) , we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content .
We never store Personal Information in these Flash object files unless encrypted .
We do not use Flash objects for any online behavioral advertising purpose .
Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects .
You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to control and disable them - through the Adobe interface .
If you choose to disable Flash objects from our Site , then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Site or benefit from the information and services offered .
IP Address : Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site , along with the time of the visit and the page ( s ) that were visited .
Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the internet and is done automatically by many web sites .
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels , helping diagnose server problems , for compliance and security purposes and administering the Site .
Aggregated and De-identified Data : Aggregated and De-identified Data is data that we may create or compile from various sources , including but not limited to accounts and transactions .
This information , which does not identify individual account holders , is used for our business purposes , which may include offering products or services , research , marketing or analyzing market trends , and other purposes consistent with applicable laws .
Bank of America advertises on pages within the Sites ( including mobile downloadable apps ) as well as on other websites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America .
Information collected by us or our advertising service providers through cookies and other technologies includes the number of people who look at each of the pages on the Sites , search engine referrals , browsing patterns within the Sites , and responses to advertisements and promotions on the Sites and on websites and apps where we advertise .
Advertising on our Sites
Bank of America advertises our products and services , including prescreened offers of credit , on pages within the Sites .
These advertisements may take the form of banner ads , splash ads ( ads that appear as you sign on or sign off of your online accounts ) , and other formats .
Bank of America may customize content and advertisements for our products and services
on the Sites we own .
In order to make the content and advertising as informative and useful as
possible , we may use information about your relationship with us ( such as types of accounts ,
transactional information or the state in which you bank ) .
We also use advertising service providers to help us determine which of our advertisements
are most likely to be of interest to you using certain Other Information such as web pages
visited , search keywords entered , or your activities on our Site .
We limit access and collection of
information for specific purposes by advertising service providers .
If you prefer we not use relationship based and/or certain Other Information to provide customized content and advertising you may opt out of relationship based or online behavioral advertising on our Sites .
Please note that if you opt out of either relationship based or online behavioral advertising on our Sites , you may still receive generic online advertising from Bank of America .
When you access account servicing areas ( i.e . after sign-in ) , such as Online Banking or MyMerrill , you may see customized content and advertising based on your account relationships .
Opting out means that the content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites ( i.e . before sign-in ) will be generic and will not be based on your relationship , preferences or behavior .
See Important Reminder section below .
Advertising on third party sites
Bank of America contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on websites and mobile apps not affiliated with us .
We may use Aggregated and De-identified Data and information provided by you to these third party websites to select which of our advertisements or offers may appeal to you , display them to you and monitor your responses .
Third Party websites are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices .
Please visit the individual websites for additional information on their data and privacy practices and opt-out policies .
Some of our customized ads are behavioral advertising , and may be served using data collected
through cookies and other technologies by third party websites .
Cookies placed on our behalf
by these companies , do not contain or capture Personal Information .
We limit companies that
place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising
Bank of America has adopted the use of the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral
ads ( excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon ) .
a behavioral ad may click on the displayed icon to receive more information and can
opt-out at that time or by visiting the third party website 's privacy policy for an opt-out
mechanism , if any .
You may also opt-out of receiving behavioral ads from many websites through the
Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool or other tools provided by the publishing
Please note that if you opt-out , you may still receive generic online advertising from Bank of America .
Opting out from a specific third party website means that the ads you receive will not be based on your preferences or behavior .
In order for relationship based or behavioral advertising opt-outs from our Sites and other sites to work on your device , your browser must be set to accept cookies .
If you delete cookies , buy a new device , access our Site or other sites from a different device , login under a different screen name , or change web browsers , you will need to opt-out again .
If your browser has scripting disabled , you do not need to opt- out , as relationship based or online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled .
Please check your browser 's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled .
Bank of America 's Mobile Applications for U.S. accounts ( `` Applications '' ) allows you to access your account balances and holdings , make deposits , transfers and pay bills on your mobile device .
This Notice applies to any Personal Information or Other Information that we may collect through the Applications .
Linking to other sites
We may provide links to third party websites , such as credit bureaus , service providers or merchants .
If you follow links to websites not affiliated or controlled by Bank of America , you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions , as they may be different from those of our Sites .
Bank of America does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites , including the accuracy , completeness , or reliability of their information .
Bank of America provides experiences on social media platforms including , but not limited to , Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and LinkedIn that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them .
Any content you post on official Bank of America managed social media pages , such as pictures , information , opinions , or any Personal Information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms , is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those respective platforms .
Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content .
In addition , please note that when visiting any official Bank of America social media pages , you are also subject to the Terms and Conditions of Bank of America 's Privacy Notices , Social Media User Terms and Community Guidelines
To protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use , we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws .
These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure .
Please visit bankofamerica.com/security for additional information .
Using other aggregation websites
Other companies offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from different sources ( such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions ) so that you can view all your account information at one online location .
To do this , an aggregation provider may request access to Personal Information , such as financial information , usernames and passwords .
You should use caution and ensure that the aggregator company has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any information you provide or to which they are gaining access .
We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Site username and password .
If you provide your Site username , password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website , we will consider that you have authorized all transactions or actions initiated by an aggregation website using access information you provide , whether or not you were aware of a specific transaction or action .
If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation website , we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Site to ensure that the aggregation website can not continue to access your account .
Making sure information is accurate
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important .
If your account information is incomplete , inaccurate or not current , please use the Contact Us option on our Site , or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements , records , online or other account materials .
You can also speak to a customer representative at a banking center , your Financial Advisor or account representative .
Protecting children 's privacy online
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent .
Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Protecting individual health information
To the extent that we receive , maintain , or process an individual 's protected health information , Bank of America may disclose that information electronically as authorized by and in accordance with applicable federal and/or state law .
Updates to this Privacy Notice
This U.S. Online Privacy Notice is subject to change .
Please review it periodically .
If we make changes to the U.S. Online Privacy Notice , we will revise the Last Updated date at the top of this Notice .
Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised Notice on the Site .
Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice .
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
WHAT DOES BANK OF AMERICA DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information .
Under federal law , that means personally identifiable information .
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing .
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect , share , and protect your personal information .
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do .
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us .
This information can include :
Social Security number and employment information
account balances , transaction history and credit information
assets and investment experience
All financial companies need to share customers ' personal information to run their everyday business .
In the section below , we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers ' personal information ; the reasons Bank of America chooses to share ; and whether you can limit this sharing .
Reasons we can share your personal information Does Bank of America share ? Can you limit this sharing ?
For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions , maintain your account ( s ) , respond to court orders and legal investigations , or report to credit bureaus Yes No
For our marketing purposes with service providers we use to offer our products and services to you ( please see below to limit the ways we contact you ) Yes No
For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes No
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes Information about your transactions and experiences Yes No
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes Information about your creditworthiness Yes Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you for all credit card accounts Yes Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you for accounts and services endorsed by another organization ( e.g. , debit card co-branded with a baseball team ) Sponsored Accounts Yes Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you for accounts other than credit card accounts and Sponsored Accounts , such as insurance , investments , deposit and lending No We do n't share
To limit our sharing
1.888.341.5000 - our menu will prompt you through your choices
Visit us online : bankofamerica.com/privacy
Talk to a customer representative at a banking center
Talk to your assigned account representative ( e.g. , Financial Advisor , Mortgage Loan Officer )
If you are a new customer , we can begin sharing your information 45 days from the date we sent this notice .
When you are no longer our customer , we continue to share your information as described in this notice .
However , you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing .
To limit direct marketing contact
Call 1.888.341.5000 - our menu will prompt you through your choices
Visit us online : bankofamerica.com/privacy
Talk to a customer representative at a banking center
Talk to your assigned account representative ( e.g. , Financial Advisor , Mortgage Loan Officer )
Direct marketing is email , postal mail and telephone marketing .
Your telephone and postal mail opt-out choices will last for five years , subject to applicable law .
Even if you limit direct marketing , we may still contact you to service your account or as otherwise allowed by law .
Call 1.888.341.5000 or go to bankofamerica.com/privacy
Who is providing this notice ?
Bank of America U.S. legal entities that utilize the names : Bank of America , Banc of America , U.S. Trust , LandSafe or Merrill Lynch , as well as the entities listed in the Bank of America U.S. legal entities section .
How does Bank of America protect my personal information ?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use , we use security measures that comply with federal law .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings .
For more information visit bankofamerica.com/security or ml.com .
How does Bank of America collect my personal information ?
We collect your personal information , for example , when you :
open an account or perform transactions
apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
seek advice about your investments
We also collect your personal information from others , such as credit bureaus , affiliates , or other companies .
Why ca n't I limit all sharing ?
Federal law gives you the right to limit some but not all sharing related to :
affiliates ' everyday business purposesinformation about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual Bank of America companies may give you more rights to limit sharing .
See Other important information section for your rights under state law .
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else ?
Your choices will apply to you alone unless you tell us otherwise .
However , your choice to limit sharing with nonaffiliates to market to you for credit card accounts or Sponsored Accounts will apply to all joint account holders .
If you have more than one credit card account or Sponsored Account and you choose to opt out , you will need to do so for each account .
Companies related by common ownership or control .
They can be Financial and nonfinancial companies .
Our affiliates include companies that utilize the names Bank of America ; Banc of America ; U.S. Trust ; LandSafe or Merrill Lynch , financial companies such as General Fidelity Life Insurance Company .
Companies not related by common ownership or control .
They can be Financial and nonfinancial companies .
Nonaffiliates we share with can include financial services companies such as insurance agencies or mortgage brokers , nonfinancial companies such as retailers , travel companies and membership groups , other companies such as nonprofit groups .
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you .
Our joint marketing partners include financial service companies .
Do Not Call Policy .
This notice is the Bank of America Do Not Call Policy under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act .
We do not solicit via telephone numbers listed on the state or federal Do Not Call lists , unless the law allows .
Bank of America employees receive training on how to document and process telephone marketing choices .
Consumers who ask not to receive telephone solicitations from Bank of America will be placed on the Bank of America Do Not Call list and will not be called in any future campaigns , including those of Bank of America affiliates .
If you communicate with us by telephone , we may monitor or record the call .
For Nevada residents only .
We are providing you this notice under state law .
You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by following the directions in the To limit direct marketing contact section .
Bank of America , P.O .
Box 25118 , FL1-300-01-29 , Tampa , FL 33633-5118 ; Phone number : 1.888.341.5000 ; email : Click on Contact Us at bankofamerica.com/privacy .
Vermont : Under Vermont law , we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies outside of our corporate family , unless the law allows .
For example , we may share information with your consent , to service your accounts or under joint marketing agreements with other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements .
We will not share information about your creditworthiness within our corporate family except with your consent , but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you within our corporate family without your consent .
California : Under California law , we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of Bank of America , unless the law allows .
For example , we may share information with your consent , to service your accounts , or to provide rewards or benefits you are entitled to .
We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California law .
For Insurance Customers in AZ , CA , CT , GA , IL , ME , MA , MN , MT , NV , NJ , NC , OH , OR and VA only .
The term Information in this part means customer information obtained in an insurance transaction .
We may give your Information to state insurance officials , law enforcement , group policy holders about claims experience or auditors as the law allows or requires .
We may give your Information to insurance support companies that may keep it or give it to others .
We may share medical Information so we can learn if you qualify for coverage , process claims or prevent fraud or if you say we can .
To see your Information , write Insurance Services , TX2-977-01-39 , 5401 North Beach Street , Fort Worth , TX 76137 , Attn : Data Request .
You must state your full name , address , the insurance company , policy number ( if relevant ) and the Information you want .
We will tell you what Information we have .
You may see and copy the Information ( unless privileged ) at our office or ask that we mail you a copy for a fee .
If you think any Information is wrong , you must write us .
We will let you know what actions we take .
If you do not agree with our actions , you may send us a statement .
For MA Insurance Customers only .
You may ask in writing , for the specific reasons for an adverse underwriting decision .
An adverse underwriting decision is where we decline your application for insurance , offer to insure you at a higher than standard rate or terminate your coverage .
Bank of America U.S. legal entities
Bank of America U.S. legal entities that utilize the names : Bank of America , Banc of America , U.S. Trust , LandSafe or Merrill Lynch , as well as the following entities : BACAP Alternative Advisors , Inc. , BofA Advisors , LLC , BofA Distributors , Inc. , General Fidelity Life Insurance Company , Managed Account Advisors LLC , NationsCredit Financial Services Corporation , The Princeton Retirement Group , Inc. , SA Mortgage Services , LLC

Last updated : October 8 , 2013
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect , use and share information when you use our Services .
The terms `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' mean Bankrate , Inc. , a Delaware corporation , and its legal subsidiaries and affiliates .
The term `` Services , '' means , collectively , various websites , applications , widgets , email notifications and other mediums , or portions of such mediums , through which you have accessed this Privacy Policy .
By accessing or using our Services , you consent to the collection , transfer , manipulation , storage , disclosure and other uses of Your Information ( collectively , `` Use of Your Information '' ) as described in this Privacy Policy .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , `` Your Information '' means information about you , which may be of a confidential nature and may include personally identifying information , medical and health history information , and/or financial information .
This Privacy Policy applies to our Use of Your Information as a result of you using our Services , and does not apply to the following :
Information collected through mediums other than our Services ;
Information collected through our Services where a separate privacy policy applies , such as a sweepstakes entry ( you should refer to the official rules and privacy policy for each individual sweepstakes for our specific policies regarding information sharing and disclosure pursuant to sweepstakes entry ) ; or
Information collected by any person or entity other than us , even if related to our Services ( such as a third-party website , application , widget or lead form ) .
In addition to this Privacy Policy , our Services are also governed by our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
These documents describe information that we collect from you or that you provide on or to the Services and how Your Information may be used and disclosed by us .
They also describe the choices available to you regarding our Use of Your Information and how you can access and update Your Information .
Please read this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use carefully .
Bankrate , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software , plug ins or mobile applications .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Information We Collect and Receive About You
We might receive or collect several types of information about you , such as the information described below .
The following are situations in which you may provide Your Information to us :
When you fill out forms or fields through our Services ;
When you sign up for any newsletters or other materials through our Services ;
When you provide information to us through a third-party application , service or website ;
When you communicate with us or request information about us or our Services , whether via email or other means ;
When you participate in online surveys ;
When you participate in any of our marketing initiatives , including , contests , events , or promotions ; and
When you participate in forums or provide user generated content or submissions .
Information Third Parties Provide
We may collect information about you from sources other than you , such as from social media websites ( i.e. , Facebook , LinkedIn , Twitter or others ) , blogs , other users and our business partners .
General Use and Preference Information
We may collect , receive and store information regarding your general use of our Services ( such as details of how and when you used our Services , interactions with our Services , log in information , resources that you access , your Internet protocol address , your browser type , and your device type ) , as well as your preferences .
When you use our Services through your computer , mobile phone or other device , we may collect information regarding and related to your device , such as hardware models and IDs , device type , operating system version , the request type , the content of your request and basic usage information about your use of our Services , such as date and time .
In addition , we may collect information regarding application-level events and associate that with your account to provide customer service .
We may also collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage and application data caches .
If you enable the collection of location information on your device , then we may collect information about your actual location , such as your mobile device 's GPS coordinates .
We may also use other technologies to determine your location ( such as through the location of nearby Wi-Fi access points or cell towers ) , or obtain your location information from third parties .
We may collect your phone number in several ways .
For example , we may collect your phone number : ( i ) if you submit your phone number to us through our Services ; ( ii ) by capturing your phone number if you call us ; or ( iii ) if a third party provides your phone number to us .
We may collect demographic information about you such as gender , zip code , and birth date , and information regarding your preferences and usage .
This type of information is not , by itself , personally identifiable information .
However , if we link such information with personally identifiable information in a manner that identifies a particular individual , then we will treat all such information as personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy .
Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
We and third parties use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Services , including sending cookies , pixel tags or other anonymous identifiers to your device .
`` Cookies '' are pieces of data stored on your computer , mobile phone or other device .
A `` pixel tag '' is a type of technology placed within a website or email for the purpose of tracking activity , which is often used in combination with cookies .
Other `` anonymous identifiers '' are random strings of characters used for the same purposes as cookies , such as with mobile devices where cookie technology is not available .
These technologies help us know that you are logged on , provide you with features based on your preferences , understand when you are interacting with our Services , and compile other information regarding use of our Services .
The information collected through these technologies , standing alone , can not be used to determine your identity .
Such information may , however , be combined in a way that makes it become personally identifiable information ( i.e. , information that can identify you ) .
If this happens , we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information .
Please note that , in most cases , you can remove or block cookies ( such as by using the settings in your browser ) , but doing so may affect your ability to use our Services .
The use of tracking technologies by our service providers , technology partners or other third party assets ( such as social media ) on the Services is not covered by our Privacy Policy .
These third parties may use cookies , clear gifs , images , and scripts to help them better manage their content on our Services .
We do not have access or control over these technologies .
How We Use Information
We may make Use of Your Information for various lawful business purposes .
Among others , these purposes may include using Your Information to :
Engage in customer support .
For example , we might confirm and complete transactions requested by you , verify information you provide to us and provide you with administrative notices .
Contact you and provide you with information .
For example , we might provide or contact you through telephone , email , postal or other communications with Service updates , promotional materials , surveys , offers , quotes , personalized information and other information from us or our business partners .
Analyze , improve and manage our Services and operations .
For example , we might obtain feedback regarding our Services , understand and anticipate your needs and preferences , better understand your use of our Services , customize and tailor Service content and advertising , improve our marketing and promotional efforts , engage in statistical analysis and provide feedback to our vendors , advertisers and other third parties .
Resolve problems and disputes , and engage in other legal and security matters .
For example , we may use Your Information to comply with , monitor compliance with and enforce this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use and any other applicable agreements and policies , meet other legal and regulatory requirements , and to protect the security and integrity of our Services .
How We Disclose Information
General Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose Your Information :
To any person who , in our reasonable judgment , is authorized to receive Your Information as your agent , including as a result of your business dealings with that person ( for example , your attorney ) ;
To our third-party vendors so that they may provide support for our internal and business operations , including for the handling of data processing , data verification , data storage , surveys , research , internal marketing , delivery of promotional , marketing and transaction materials , and our Services ' maintenance and security .
These companies are authorized to Use Your Information only as necessary to provide these services to us and are contractually obligated to keep Your Information confidential ;
To third parties such as insurance providers when you use our Services to request a quote , services , or information from one or more of those third parties ( `` Requested Service Providers '' ) , such as by clicking `` get your quotes '' or other similar buttons at the end of a form ;
To third parties when you engage in certain activities through our Services that are sponsored by them , such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party , electing to receive information or communications from a third party , or electing to participate in contests , sweepstakes , games or other programs sponsored , in whole or in part , by a third party .
When we disclose Your Information to these third parties , Your Information will become subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party , and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of Your Information ;
To third parties that are interested in contacting you or providing offers to you that may be related to our Services or about products or services you may find of interest ;
As required by law or ordered by a court , regulatory , or administrative agency ;
As we deem necessary , in our sole discretion , if we believe that you are violating any applicable law , rule or regulation , or are otherwise interfering with another 's rights or property , including , without limitation , our rights or property ;
If requested by authorities in the event of any act of terrorism or instance of local , regional or national emergency ;
To enforce our Terms of Use , this Privacy Policy , and any other applicable agreements and policies ;
To enforce or protect our rights ;
In connection with a Business Transfer , as defined below ( see Business Transfers below ) ; and
To our affiliated companies ( i.e. , companies under common control or management with us ) .
If you do not want Your Information shared as described above , then you should not provide us with Your Information .
Requests for Quotes and Services from Requested Service Providers
As noted above , we may share Your Information with Requested Service Providers when you use our Services to request a quote , services or information from one or more third parties ( a `` Request '' ) .
IF YOU SUBMIT A REQUEST , REQUESTED SERVICE PROVIDERS MAY CONTACT YOU DIRECTLY WITH QUOTES VIA MAIL , TELEPHONE , TEXT MESSAGE , FAX , EMAIL AND OTHER MEANS OF COMMUNICATION .
YOU MAY RECEIVE TELEMARKETING CALLS AS A CONSEQUENCE OF SUBMITTING A REQUEST THROUGH OUR SERVICES , EVEN IF YOU ARE ON THE NATIONAL DO NOT CALL REGISTRY OR ANY OTHER DO NOT CALL REGISTRY .
If you are matched with Requested Service Providers , you expressly consent to the Requested Service Providers conducting any research necessary to provide you with quotes for your Request .
Requested Service Providers may need to share Your Information to conduct such research .
As an example , if you request insurance quotes , consumer reports may be ordered in connection with your insurance application .
Such reports may provide information that may assist in determining eligibility for insurance and the price you may be charged for insurance .
Consumer reports may also be used for updates , renewal or extensions of this insurance .
In addition , insurance companies may use third parties in connection with the development of a `` insurance score '' for you .
If you do not want Requested Service Providers to conduct necessary research to provide you with a quote for your Request , then you should not submit a Request .
Please note that if you submit a Request through our Services and we share Your Information as described above in connection with your Request , you will not have the opportunity to opt out of the disclosure of Your Information in connection with that Request .
We may take Your Information and de-indentify it either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating Your Information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-identifying Your Information ) .
We reserve the right to share , loan , rent , sell , or otherwise disclose such information to third parties at any time , for any lawful purpose , without notice or compensation to you .
If the Services contains any functionality allowing you to send content to a friend , then please be aware that : ( a ) we may display your email address to your friend ; and ( b ) we may use information you provide about your friend to facilitate the communication and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We do not store your friends email address in our database .
Your friend will receive a one-time message notifying them of the shared content .
If you are submitting information to us pursuant to a sweepstakes entry , we reserve the right to share , loan , rent , sell or otherwise disclose the information that you submit with third parties at any time , for any lawful purpose without notice or compensation to you .
Participation in these sweepstakes is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose Your Information .
Please refer to the official rules and privacy policy for each individual sweepstakes for our specific policies regarding information sharing and disclosure pursuant to that sweepstakes entry .
Circumvention of Security Measures
We can not ensure that Your Information will only be disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy .
No method of transmission or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , and we can not guarantee absolute security .
Additionally , by way of example ( without limiting the foregoing ) , we may be forced to disclose Your Information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances , or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
Therefore , notwithstanding anything to the contrary within this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use or any other applicable agreement or policy , you use our Services at your own risk and we do not promise or guarantee , and you should not expect , that Your Information will always remain private .
In the event that an unauthorized third party compromises our security measures , we will not be responsible for any damages directly or indirectly caused by an unauthorized third party 's ability to view , use or disseminate Your information .
We specifically and expressly reserve the right to disclose , lease , sell , assign or transfer Your Information collected through our Services , and any of our databases , together with any personally identifiable information contained in such databases , to third parties in connection with a Business Transfer .
A `` Business Transfer '' means a share or asset sale , acquisition , merger , consolidation , reorganization , spin-off , bankruptcy or other corporate change involving us and/or our affiliates , even if the Business Transfer is only being contemplated and regardless of whether the Business Transfer relates to a part or a whole of our business .
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with our ability to transfer all or part of our business , equity , and/or assets ( including our Services ) to an affiliate or independent third party at any time , for any lawful purpose , without compensation to you .
You must be at least 13 years of age to register with or use certain portions of the Services .
The Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age .
No one under 13 years of age may provide any personal information to or on the Services .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
From time to time , we may participate in or use advertising networks , such as third-party advertising servers , advertising agencies , technology vendors and research firms .
We may use these third-party advertising networks for marketing , advertising and promotional purposes , as well as to serve advertisements to you .
Advertising networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make inferences about a consumer 's interests and preferences , which enables their computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer 's specific interests .
This practice is often referred to as `` online behavioral advertising . ''
For example , a third-party advertising network might collect the type of Internet browser you use , the type of computer operating system you use , the domain name of a website you visit , whether or not you visit specific pages of a website , the location of your Internet service provider 's presence , the date and time of a visit to a website and other interactions between you and a website .
Please see the `` Online Behavioral Advertising '' subsection of Choices About How We Use and Collect Your Information below to read about how you can prevent certain third-party advertising networks from collecting information about you .
We offer publicly accessible blogs and other interactive media through our Services .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove Your Information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Some comment areas are managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment .
We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog .
You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed .
To learn how the third party application uses your information , please review their privacy policy .
You are responsible for any content , including personal information , that you contribute to be published or displayed ( `` posted '' ) on our Services , or that you transmit to other users of our Services ( collectively , `` User Generated Content '' ) .
Your User Generated Content is posted on and transmitted to other users of our Services at your own risk .
We can not control the actions of other users of our Services with whom you may choose to share your User Generated Content .
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures of our Services .
As a result , we can not and do not guarantee that your User Generated Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons .
You understand and acknowledge that , even after removal , copies of your User Generated Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages , or might have been copied or stored by other Service users .
Proper access and use of information provided through our Services , including User Generated Content , is governed by our Terms of Use .
Our Services may include social media features , such as the Facebook Like button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Services .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it .
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us .
Below are some mechanisms that provide you with control over certain information :
If you do not wish us to collect cookies , you may set your browser to refuse cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
If you do so , please note that some parts of our Services may then be inaccessible or may not function properly .
Email Offers from Us .
If you do not wish to receive email offers or newsletters from us , you can opt out of receiving email information from us ( other than emails related to the completion of your registration , correction of user data , change of password and other similar communications essential to your transactions through our Services ) by using the unsubscribe process at the bottom of the email .
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information .
If a portion of our Services allows you to create an account with us , then you can review and update Your Information by logging into that portion of our Services , visiting your account profile page and making changes .
We will retain Your Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Online Behavioral Advertising .
Certain third-party advertising networks that deliver behavioral advertising are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
You can prevent NAI member companies from collecting preference data about you by clicking here and following the NAI 's directions .
Note that if you opt out through the NAI , you will still receive advertising .
In addition , if you opt out through the NAI and later delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt out choice .
Information You Disclose to Third Parties
You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers from third parties in connection with our Services .
All information you disclose to such third parties will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to disclosing information to them .
If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party , you will need to contact that third party directly .
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Services , as well as the email messages sent with respect to our Services , may contain links or access to websites operated by third parties that are beyond our control .
For example , if you click to apply for a product such as a credit card through our Services , you may be linked to a third-party website to complete an application .
Links or access to third parties from our Services are not an endorsement by us of such third parties , or their websites , applications , products , services , or practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy policy , terms and conditions , practices or the content of such third parties .
These third-parties may send their own cookies to you and independently collect data .
If you visit or access a third-party website , application or other property that is linked or accessed from our Services , we encourage you to read any privacy statements and terms and conditions of that third party before providing any personally identifiable information .
If you have a question about the terms and conditions , privacy policy , practices or contents of a third party , please contact the third party directly .
Third Party Widgets and Plug-ins
Our Services include social media features , such as the Facebook Like button , links to our various social media pages and widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Services .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly through our Services .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Operation of our Services in the United States
Our Services are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States .
By using our Services or providing us with Your Information , you consent to this transfer .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update , amend and/or change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion .
Amendments will take effect immediately upon us posting the updated Privacy Policy on our Services .
You are encouraged to revisit this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to review any changes that have been made .
The date on which this Privacy Policy was last updated will be noted immediately above this Privacy Policy .
Your continued access and use of our Services following the posting of any such changes shall automatically be deemed your acceptance of all changes .
Special Notification for California Residents -- Your California Privacy Rights
Individuals who are residents of California and have provided their personally identifiable information to us may request information regarding our disclosures , if any , of their personally identifiable information to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
Bankrate , Inc .
11760 US HWY 1 , Suite 200
North Palm Beach , FL 33408
Attention : VP , Customer Service
Fax Number : ( 561 ) 625-4540
California privacy rights requests must include the reference `` Request for California Privacy Information '' on the subject line and in the body of the message and must include the email address or mailing address , as applicable , for us to send our response .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified above .

Effective Date : May 7 , 2013
This Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise which consists of ( a ) Barnes & Noble , Inc. and its subsidiaries , including their respective businesses and operations ( collectively , `` Barnes & Noble '' ) ; ( b ) businesses and operations managed or operated by Barnes & Noble ; ( c ) websites owned , operated and managed by Barnes & Noble , including each website that links to this Privacy Policy , and any digital content stores operated by Barnes & Noble ( collectively , `` Barnes & Noble Websites '' ) ; and ( d ) Barnes & Noble 's devices , content and applications .
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble , and we believe that a single , comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses .
More detailed information about specific practices regarding Barnes & Noble and NOOK mobile devices ( `` Devices '' ) and mobile applications developed and maintained by Barnes & Noble and NOOK ( `` Apps '' ) is contained in the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement which is incorporated into , and subject to , this Privacy Policy .
To review the prior version of Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy , please click here .
By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection , storage , use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described .
Special Note : On October 4 , 2012 , Barnes & Noble underwent a corporate reorganization resulting in its digital and College businesses becoming owned by Barnes & Noble 's majority owned subsidiary NOOK Media LLC and its subsidiaries ( collectively `` NOOK Media '' ) .
These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by Barnes & Noble , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries , including NOOK Media , as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future .
Please be advised that NOOK Media intends to launch one or more of its own websites in the future for purposes of operating its digital and College businesses .
NOOK Media expects to post privacy policies applicable to those websites when they are launched .
Barnes & Noble reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time , but you can be assured that , should it be necessary to do so , we will always do so in accordance with the Barnes & Noble Privacy Principles of Clarity , Security and Integrity .
You will be notified of any material changes to this Privacy Policy which are less protective of customer information prior to such changes becoming effective .
We may notify you of these changes by email reminders , by notice on this site , or by other acceptable means .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Clarity : We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information .
Security : We follow security standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information .
Integrity : We do not sell or rent your personal information and respect your preferences with respect to your personal information .
Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect , use and share your personal information :
What is the personal information that we collect ?
Why do we collect personal information ?
How do we collect your personal information ?
How do we use personal information ?
With whom do we share personal information ?
How do we secure personal information ?
How do we respect your choices about your personal information ?
Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns ?
What other information about Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy would I want to know ?
What is the personal information that we collect ?
Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise , we may collect personal information from you , for example your name , e-mail address , billing address , shipping address , phone number , credit card information , date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you .
If you rent , purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect your student or faculty identification number , financial aid number , your driver license number and information regarding courses you enroll in or teach .
We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps , including usage information , the items that you browse , purchase , download , read , watch and otherwise access , and your geographic location .
For further details about personal information collected through Apps and Devices , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
Why do we collect personal information ?
We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business .
It allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services , with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you .
For more information as to why we collect personal information , please see the section below entitled : `` How do we use your personal information ? ''
Your personal information also allows us to communicate with you about special offers , promotions , and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you .
You always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions included in each marketing email or by changing your preferences in your account .
How do we collect your personal information ?
( a ) Information that you provide to us
As a general matter , you can browse in our stores and on the Barnes & Noble Websites without submitting your personal information to us , although we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically , as outlined in Section 3 ( b ) of this Privacy Policy , including site analytics regarding our websites , information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites , and information collected by cookies .
Making a purchase or placing an order
Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program
Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard
Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Emails
Using specific features of your Device
Additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App Features
Interacting with social networking sites
Entering a sweepstakes or contest
For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below .
Making a purchase or placing an order
When you make a purchase , rent or place an order in our stores , place an order online or purchase , download , rent or stream books , periodicals , movies , television shows and other digital content ( `` Digital Content '' ) , you may need to submit personal information to us .
Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program
In order to use Devices , certain Apps and features of Barnes & Noble Websites , or to purchase or access Digital Content , you may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information when you do so .
Similarly , when you enroll in our Member Loyalty Program , we will ask you to submit personal information as part of your member profile .
We will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate , and as permitted by this Privacy Policy .
Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard
When you apply for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard , you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard .
Personal information that you provide directly to the issuer is subject to the bank 's privacy policies , practices and procedures , not Barnes & Noble 's .
In addition , we disclose certain personal information to the issuer of the MasterCard in connection with the administration of the Barnes & Noble MasterCard program .
The issuer does not have the right to use the personal information we provide beyond what is necessary to assist us or to administer this program .
The issuer is contractually obliged to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information we provide and is restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us .
Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Features
Our Invite-a-Friend feature is located in various areas of certain Barnes & Noble Websites and within certain Devices .
By clicking on 'Email ' or 'Find friends from contacts ' on your Device , customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page .
The 'Find friends from contacts ' feature on the Device may access the contacts you have entered into your Device in order to generate such emails .
To remove yourself from these mailings , please call our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK ( 1-800-824-2665 ) .
Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882 .
Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps
Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( either directly , or by authorizing Barnes & Noble to download the information from a third party such as a social networking website ) your information such as your contacts , calendar entries or photos , or images you may submit to us to help us locate products for you .
For further details about personal information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
When you contact customer service , we may ask you to provide , or confirm , personal information so that we can better serve you .
Additional Website , Device or App Features
From time to time we may offer or provide new or additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App features and functionality .
Such features or functionality may request or require you to submit personal information to us in order to use such feature or functionality .
Entering a Sweepstakes or Contest
If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer , we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can consider your entry and , if you win , so that you may redeem your prize .
Interacting with Social Networking Sites
Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( directly , or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application ) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends .
These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases , physical location , or comments .
However , we will not provide any of your information to social networking sites without your express consent .
( b ) Information automatically collected
There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you .
The most common sources of this information include :
Pixel tags or clear Graphics Interchange Format files , known as GIFs
Your Device or Apps you use
Wireless networks operated by Barnes & Noble in retail stores
Business partners , contractors , shared databases , and other third parties who may occasionally share information with us , including UltraViolet
For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below .
Information automatically collected when you visit Barnes & Noble Websites
When you visit a Barnes & Noble Website , we automatically record information that your browser sends us .
For example , we may receive and collect : the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet ; the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the date and time you access the Barnes & Noble Website ; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Barnes & Noble Website .
We may also collect information regarding search queries run on the Barnes & Noble Website .
We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites and as necessary for our business .
Information collected using cookies
Like many online retailers , we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Barnes & Noble Websites .
This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience .
`` Cookies '' are small files that we place on your computer 's hard drive to collect information about your activities on a Barnes & Noble Website .
Cookies help us to : ( 1 ) speed navigation , keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you ; ( 2 ) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it ; ( 3 ) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners ' marketing efforts and communications ; and ( 4 ) monitor the total number of visitors , pages viewed , and the total number of banners displayed .
Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically .
You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed , or you can disable cookies entirely .
If you disable cookies , however , you will not be able to place items in a Barnes & Noble Website shopping bag , and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online .
Also , by not using cookies , some Barnes & Noble Website features and services may not function properly .
Additionally , we work with a third party service provider to help us better understand how you use the Barnes & Noble Websites .
This third party service provider will place cookies on your computer to collect information such as how you were referred to the Barnes & Noble Website , how you navigated around the Barnes & Noble Website , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails .
This information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings .
We do not allow this third party service provider to collect your credit card information , e-mail address or password information .
This third party service provider may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else , or use it for any other purpose , except on an aggregated , non- personally identifiable basis .
For more information , please view this third party 's privacy policy .
You may choose to opt-out of this third party 's analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on such Barnes & Noble Website .
To do so , please click here .
By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you consent to the use of the tracking technologies as described above .
Information collected in connection with marketing e-mails and using pixel tags or clear GIFs
To help us understand the effectiveness of certain of our communications and marketing efforts , we may use sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear GIFs ( which are also called web beacons ) .
These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising and marketing efforts .
For this purpose , we tie the pixel tags and clear gifs to personally identifiable information .
We may also collect information regarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing .
Information collected from Devices or Apps
When you use a Device or our Apps , we automatically collect information through the Device or App when it is connected to the Internet .
For example , we may receive and collect information concerning device registration , settings , usage , firmware version , signal strength , search queries , network interaction , the name of the network from which you access the Internet , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the device you are using , unique device identifiers ( UDIDs ) , downloads , sideloaded content , configuration , or service information relating to any malfunction of the Device or App .
This may include information regarding your reading or , in the case of videos , viewing behavior on such Devices or Apps , such as books or videos opened , page turns , bookmarks , annotations , or customer reviews .
In addition , to provide location-based services on Devices or through Apps , Barnes & Noble and third party application providers may automatically collect real-time geographic location information or other location-based information about you and your Device or other mobile device on which the App is installed .
This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer , provide and improve products and services .
For more information about information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement .
Information collected from outside sources
We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners , contractors and other third parties .
This includes , but is not limited to , instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information .
Such information may be collected via , but not limited to , software applications that you download or use on your Device or that otherwise allow you to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
For example , if you link your UltraViolet account with your account with us , we may collect certain information regarding movies or television shows you have purchased from third parties as part of your UltraViolet collection of digital content .
If you rent or purchase textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect information about you from your college or university .
This information may be used for a number of purposes including providing our services to you , sending postal mail and e-mail , fulfilling orders , removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing support , customer authentication , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , providing customer service and processing credit card payments .
Information collected from UltraViolet
If you link your account with us to your UltraViolet account , we may collect information regarding UltraViolet-enabled movies and television shows you have purchased from third party retailers .
This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows from us that you have purchased from us from such third parties .
Information collected from visitors from outside the United States
If you are visiting Barnes & Noble or a Barnes & Noble Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information , please note that your personal information will be transferred , stored and processed within the United States .
Additionally , Barnes & Noble may transfer your personal information to other countries , for example because a server or third party service provider is located there .
The data protection and privacy laws of other countries , including the United States , may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country .
Barnes & Noble will take appropriate steps to protect your information .
By doing business or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you are consenting to the transfer , storage , and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by Barnes & Noble .
How do we use personal information ?
Barnes & Noble uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business .
For example , we use your personal information to :
Provide you with products , services and information , including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores , through e-mails from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities , your Devices , Digital Content , Apps and software , and display associated content and advertising ;
Administer our programs ;
Provide customer service ;
Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure , maintain , protect , develop and improve our products and services ;
Administer sweepstakes , contests , promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications ;
Communicate with you about special offers , events , or new products or services that may be of interest to you ;
Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising ;
Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues ; and
Manage our business .
With whom do we share personal information ?
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble .
Barnes & Noble DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES provided that your data may be transferred to or shared with a third party as part of a sale , merger , or acquisition of Barnes & Noble or one of its affilliates ( see `` Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions '' below ) .
Barnes & Noble shares your personal information with :
Other entities within the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
Many of our customers purchase items from us both online and in our stores .
In addition , Barnes & Noble owns and operates other operations and businesses and we share and use your personal information with our other business units and operations and may continue to do so even after such business units or operations are sold .
We share your personal information within the Barnes & Noble enterprise ( i ) to help to ensure that you have a superior shopping or browsing experience no matter where you choose to shop or browse with us , ( ii ) to provide customer support and related services , ( iii ) to provide other services and products that might be of interest to you , ( iv ) to provide and/or manage certain cross-company promotions or programs ( e.g . to honor your Barnes & Noble Member Program rewards ) , ( v ) to facilitate purchases of Devices or content ( or other products ) from within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , ( vi ) if we provide you with in store services and/or customer support for Devices and content , ( vii ) in connection with our commercial arrangements and business relationships within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined to provide a comprehensive retail and digital content experience for our joint customers .
We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you .
Our partnerships may also result in products and services that allow you to publish Digital Content that may be shared with our partners .
We may offer you the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from our partners , which may result in your personal information being shared with our partners .
The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred .
As part of our ongoing partnership with Microsoft Corporation ( `` Microsoft '' ) , we may share your personal information with Microsoft and its affiliates and subsidiaries under certain circumstances .
If you consent to such sharing ( including , without limitation , in connection with using a Microsoft account ) , Microsoft may use your personal information to provide products and services to you related to your Device , Digital Content and Barnes & Noble and Microsoft services and products .
These products and services may include , without limitation : ( i ) to enable purchases of Digital Content by you and provide Digital Content to you , ( ii ) to allow you to access , view and consume your Digital Content and provide related services to you , ( iii ) to publish certain Digital Content created by users and customers ( as may be more fully set forth in any applicable terms or policies related thereto ) , ( iv ) to create and manage cross company user accounts and applications related to your Devices and Digital Content , including in connection with the integration between the Microsoft user and ID systems and Microsoft commerce platform and our products and services , ( v ) to offer joint product or service offerings , ( vi ) to provide customer support , ( vii ) to provide information to you regarding Microsoft product and service offerings , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined by us .
Please note that any information provided to Microsoft will be treated by Microsoft in accordance with its applicable privacy policies in effect from time to time .
Please refer to Microsoft 's website for information related to Microsoft 's collection , use and sharing of information that it obtains .
Service providers , subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf .
We provide personal information to third party service providers , subcontractors , and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services .
These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble .
They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information .
Third party providers of products and services .
These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through us .
These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble .
They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information .
If you purchase UltraViolet-enabled movies or television shows from us , we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your UltraViolet account .
This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows that you have purchased from us from third party retailers who are part of the UltraViolet content ecosystem .
Third Party Membership Programs .
We work with certain third party entities to help them administer their own membership or rewards programs by providing them with purchasing information about their customers who make purchase from Barnes & Noble .
We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third party programs work and to support your membership in them .
This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the dollar amount of the purchases made at Barnes & Noble .
We require such entities to obtain your consent before we provide them with this information , which they usually do as part of their own membership or participation rules .
Credit Card Companies .
Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of this information is governed by this policy , the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies .
Law enforcement officials and as required by law .
Barnes & Noble may release personal information to third parties when we determine , in our judgment , that it is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law , regulation , legal process , or enforceable governmental request ; ( b ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements ; or ( c ) protect the rights , property or safety of Barnes & Noble , our employees , our customers , users , or others .
In some instances , we may offer a service or feature that is co-branded by Barnes & Noble and a third party company .
If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
Other websites operated by Barnes & Noble .
In some instances , we may operate a Barnes & Noble Website on behalf of a third party .
If you provide information in connection with a Barnes & Noble Website operated by Barnes & Noble on behalf of a third party , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party .
Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
Your college or university .
Barnes & Noble College Booksellers may offer the ability to rent or purchase products or services through financial aid , student loans or similar programs .
We may share your information with your college or university , lenders or other providers in order to process payments if you choose these payment methods .
Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions .
If Barnes & Noble becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , restructuring , reorganization , or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets , personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement , and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Such a transaction may involve us ( i ) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information , and ( ii ) engaging in additional transfers of personal information ( including new personal information ) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction .
To Fulfill Your Requests For Products or Services
In connection with some Digital Content orders , in order to complete your transaction , we may need to forward your name , magazine , catalog or newspaper order , email address , and shipping or billing address to our content providers .
The content providers will share your magazine , catalog or newspaper order information as well as your name and address , or name and e-mail and shipping or billing addresses with the magazine , catalog or newspaper publisher and magazine , catalog or newspaper circulation auditors .
Magazine , catalog and newspaper publishers may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes .
Your credit card information will not be shared with them .
In connection with purchases of certain Digital Content , we may need to forward information about you ( including , for example , your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ) to the Digital Content provider in order to enable you to download or purchase Digital Content from or through that provider .
In each such instance , the Digital Content provider is obligated to use such information in accordance with its own privacy policy and applicable law .
How do we secure personal information ?
We take significant and appropriate security measures , including physical , technological and procedural measures , to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure .
In addition , we use industry-standard technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information , designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information , and , as technology develops , we intend to take additional measures to improve security .
We want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores , on the Barnes & Noble Websites , or use Barnes & Noble Devices or Apps .
While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information , you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats , viruses and intrusions from others and so we can not promise , and you should not expect , that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances .
How do we respect your choices about your personal information ?
When you interact with Barnes & Noble in certain ways , you may be eligible to receive certain marketing-related and promotional communications as well as special offers ( collectively `` Promotional Communications '' ) from Barnes & Noble that may include advertisements from third parties .
The most common of these circumstances include :
Making a purchase or download or placing an order
Joining a Barnes & Noble online community
Enrolling in our Member program
Signing up for Newsletters
Signing up with eBookstores operated by Barnes & Noble
Entering a sweepstakes or a contest
Where you have consented to receiving Promotional Communications from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , you may choose to opt-out at any time by following the instructions below .
For Barnes & Noble Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here .
For Barnes & Noble College Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions .
For barnesandnoble.com : Any account holder can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging onto their Account and following the instructions under `` Communication Preferences '' .
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions .
For Barnes & Noble Member program : Any Member can opt-out of the receipt of any Member program promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account and following the instructions under `` Change Your Communication Preferences . ''
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions .
For Barnes & Noble Educator program : Any Educator can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account , clicking `` Communication Preferences , '' and following instructions under `` Change Communication Preferences . ''
If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions .
If no opt-out link exists reply to the email with the word `` Remove '' in the subject line , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here .
For Sterling Publishing : If , at any time , you wish to no longer receive ENewsletters from Sterling Publishing Co. , Inc. , Pixiq , Lark Crafts , and/or FlashKids.com , please click on the link for opt-out instructions contained at the bottom of each ENewsletter .
You can change your personal information and your communication preferences when you follow this link .
Even if you opt-out of receiving Promotional Communications , you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations , back order notifications , membership information , and/or other business-related communications .
Note for Community Users
Barnes & Noble provides you with the ability to access , correct , change or request deletion of the personal information in your community profile ( s ) at any time by following the instructions below .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
However , you can not currently change your profile name although you may re-register and choose a new name .
To review or modify your profile information , please click here .
Please be advised that Barnes & Noble may archive information it collects on its community and visitors .
Additionally , by participating in the Barnes & Noble online interactive community , and using Barnes & Noble 's various interactive offerings , including , the submission of customer reviews , or participation in the Barnes & Noble Book Clubs , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
You may access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on Lark Crafts and Pixiq at any time .
To review or modify your profile information , log in to larkcrafts.com or pixiq.com .
Additionally , by using Lark Crafts and/or Pixiq 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , Lark Crafts , Pixiq , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
You may also access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on SparkNotes.com at any time , except to change your username .
To review or modify your profile information , log in to SparkNotes.com .
Additionally , by using SparkNotes.com 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , SparkNotes , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns ?
What other information about Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy would I want to know ?
Barnes & Noble Policies for Minors , including children under the age of 13 .
Barnes & Noble is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection , storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13 , including the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
Except as noted below : ( i ) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults ; ( ii ) Individuals under the age of 18 ( `` Minors '' ) are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian ; ( iii ) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Barnes & Noble Websites ; and ( iv ) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble Websites , we will remove that information as soon as possible .
If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13 , we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor 's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use .
In these cases , we require validation of credit card information already on file with us and we will then e-mail the master account holder to give notice that we have received such consent .
If no credit card information is on file , or if the credit card is invalid , we will not register that you have consented .
With your consent , we may collect , use and share information regarding Minors under the age of 13 consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Please see the sections above for detailed information on how we do so .
Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian , at your request , we will promptly provide to you information regarding what , if any , personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared .
We will , at your request , remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same .
Your access rights and updates to your information
You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes .
You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies rectified .
Please note that , as permitted by law , we may charge a nominal fee for information requests and may require you to prove your identity .
Following a request , we will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you in our files .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Third Party Applications : We are not responsible for third party applications you may download and install on your Devices .
While Barnes & Noble uses reasonable efforts to ensure that applications offered through our Application Stores meet compatibility and safety testing criteria , this Privacy Policy does not cover any data collection , use , or sharing by mobile device manufacturers , network service providers or third party application providers , unless such party has entered into a separate agreement with us as a business partner to share your personal information .
In such a case , we would require our business partner to disclose their data collection and sharing practices with you , and obtain your prior affirmative consent .
Our use of any shared data under such an agreement would then be governed by our privacy policy .
All other collection of personal information by a third party application provider shall be subject to the terms of such provider 's privacy policy .
Third Party Websites and Web-Tracking
We may partner with third party distributors of advertisements to deliver advertisements about our products and services when you visit other websites across the Internet .
These distributors of advertisements may place or access cookies on your computer which help us provide you with advertisements that are customized to your particular product preferences and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
Please understand that Barnes & Noble does not control these third party cookies , and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies .
Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website , you will be subject to the third party 's privacy policies , not Barnes & Noble 's .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise .
In addition , our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Barnes & Noble .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit .
Barnes & Noble 's privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for transparency , accountability and choice for our collection and use of your personal information .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from , respectively , European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Barnesandnoble.com LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use , including limitation on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of New York .
The address for Barnes & Noble is 122 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 .
The address for NOOK Media is 76 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10011

The Council of Better Business Bureaus ( CBBB ) is the umbrella association for the United States Better Business Bureaus ( BBBs ) , and CBBB works closely with the Canadian Better Business Bureaus ( BBBs ) through the Canadian Council of Better Business Bureaus .
What follows is CBBB 's online privacy policy , which governs personal information gathered on our Internet sites but not the sites of BBBs .
Each BBB has its own privacy and security policies for its Web site , consistent with policy established by the CBBB Board of Directors .
CBBB 's Commitment to Online Security
Physical , electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information .
CBBB encrypts billing information wherever CBBB requests it .
All CBBB agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on CBBB Web sites are also bound to adhere to this policy as part of their contract with CBBB .
Personal Information that CBBB May Collect Online
CBBB collects personal information online , including names , postal and e-mail addresses , phone and facsimile numbers , billing information , vehicle information such as vehicle identification numbers , and complaint information .
CBBB may also collect business information from sole proprietorships that apply for accreditation and for program participation , some of which could constitute personal information , as well as personal information from individuals acting solely in their business capacity .
CBBB does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
In addition , no part of our sites are designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13 .
How CBBB Uses Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you otherwise consent , we will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted , such as to reply to your emails , handle your complaints , and process billing and business requests related to program participation , and we will use such information to provide operational notices , in program record-keeping and to conduct research on industry marketplace practices .
Our research may lead to the publication of aggregate demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us .
At certain points where personal information is collected on our site , there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a mailing list to receive information about other CBBB programs and services and about ways to support CBBB and the CBBB Foundation/BBB Wise Giving Alliance .
This election box only appears in places where the department collecting personal information maintains such lists .
How Your Information May Be Shared
In order to process a complaint , CBBB may send the complaint to the BBB where the company complained about is headquartered , handle it itself , or refer the complaint to another appropriate organization for handling .
For example , CBBB normally handles complaints against charities and certain automobile manufacturers and CBBB or the appropriate BBB may handle complaints against foreign businesses or CBBB may refer such complaints to an appropriate foreign organization .
Depending on the type of complaint , either CBBB or BBB will also transfer complaints to the company complained about .
Further , when we receive a request or inquiry that a BBB must handle , we forward the request or inquiry to the appropriate BBB .
By completing a complaint form or sending us a request or inquiry , you are allowing us to forward your information to the appropriate BBB , if necessary , and potentially also to the proper business .
Consumer inquiries will be forwarded to the appropriate BBB by email , and consumers should recognize that this method of transmission may not be secure .
Without submission of the requested information , CBBB will not be able to process your complaint .
We never sell or rent your personal information .
CBBB may also release personal information under the following circumstances :
Where release is required by law ( for example , a subpoena ) or regulation or is requested by a government agency ;
Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of ;
To appropriate governmental authorities , where warranted by a company 's failure to participate in the advertising self-regulatory process or respond to an online privacy complaint , or where a company fails to honor the recommendations of the National Advertising Division , Children 's Advertising Review Unit or National Advertising Review Board ;
To appropriate persons , where your communication suggests possible harm to others .
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
Let us also know what led to your submission of personal information so we may efficiently locate your information
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our Web sites are not set up to track , collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors .
Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data , such as the number of hits and visits to our sites .
This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others , but again , the statistics contain no personal information and can not be used to gather such information .
Our Web sites also recognize the online site where a visitor `` clicked-to-check '' on the BBBOnLine seal of a BBBOnLine program participant , but we can not identify the visitor or the visitor 's address .
Site information is used to confirm participation in the BBBOnLine program and may be used to advise participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from their sites .
No personal information is collected .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
CBBB uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms .
You can still use CBBB sites if your browser is set to reject cookies .
Our cookies do not generate personal data , do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you .
Problems or Complaints with CBBB Privacy Policy

Introduction & General Terms
The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services .
We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience .
This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence .
It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service .
In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you .
This Privacy Policy explains the following :
what information the BBC may collect about you ;
how the BBC will use information we collect about you ;
when the BBC may use your details to contact you ;
whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ;
your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ;
the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies .
The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information .
Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the `` data protection laws '' ) .
BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties .
These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them .
They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites .
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk .
The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world .
We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households .
The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages .
It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee .
The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) .
BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services .
Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK .
BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com .
To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy .
When we refer to 'we '' or 'our '' or 'the BBC '' we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) .
What information will the BBC collect about me
When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you .
This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity .
By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select .
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g . if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) .
When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it .
The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites .
How will the BBC use the information it collects about me
The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following :
to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ;
for `` service administration purposes '' , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g . to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ;
to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide .
For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ;
to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ;
to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g . if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ;
to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not .
If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ;
to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ;
to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience .
The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and
when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising .
A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user .
BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information .
This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting .
The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant .
Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK .
Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first .
You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above .
When will the BBC contact me
The BBC may contact you :
in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ;
in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ;
in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g . on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ;
to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and
for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )
Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content .
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes
The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this .
Will the BBC share my personal information with anyone else
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below .
Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC .
However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf .
The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way .
Offensive or inappropriate content on BBC websites
If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour .
Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g . because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour .
What if I am a user aged 16 or under
If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC .
Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information .
How long will the BBC keep my personal information
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) .
If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically .
Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted .
For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition .
However other projects ( e.g . the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration .
The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e . content provided by the public .
Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published .
There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g . contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) .
Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive .
Can I find out what personal information the BBC holds about me
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected .
( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) .
We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files .
What if I am accessing BBC websites outside the UK
The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk .
The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e . some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC .
All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) .
Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply .
Cookies Policy - Information the BBC collects from you
What is a cookie ?
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a `` device '' ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive .
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites .
Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows .
On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests .
During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device .
Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before .
This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit .
How does the BBC use cookies ?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience .
For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits .
The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users .
All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) .
Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device .
Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users .
Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages
Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors .
When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites .
The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies .
You should check the third party websites for more information about these .
Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content .
BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ?
Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website .
It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features .
Changes to BBC 's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC .
The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page .
If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC .
If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website .
Other BBC Operations e.g . TV Licensing
Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information .
Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes .
In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK .
For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy
Contacting the BBC about this Privacy Policy
If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact :
The Data Protection Officer
Last updated : May 2012

BECOMEGORGEOUS.com ( `` becomegorgeous '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) welcomes you to our website ( `` becomegorgeous.com '' , `` the `` Website '' ) and to our community ( `` community '' , `` becomegorgeous.com/community '' , `` lists '' , `` becomegorgeous.com/lists '' `` galleries '' , `` becomegorgeous.com/community/galleries '' , `` polls/ poll '' , `` becomegorgeous.com/polls '' , `` blogs '' , `` becomegorgeous.com/blogs '' , `` Q & A '' , `` answers.becomegorgeous.com '' ) .
Please read the following Website User License Agreement ( `` User License Agreement '' ) before using the Website .
By using becomegorgeous you agree to be legally bound by the User License Agreement , which shall take effect immediately on your first use of becomegorgeous.com 's website .
If you do not agree to be legally bound by these User License Agreement please do not access becomegorgeous.com and the community .
BecomeGorgeous may change this User License Agreement at any time by posting changes online .
Please review this User License Agreement regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by BecomeGorgeous .
Your continued use of becomegorgeous and the community after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by this User License Agreement as updated and/or amended .
When interacting with community , we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when uploading pictures , bookmark pages/ items , posting questions /answering and posting on the blog .
Please abide by legal copyright laws and general decency .
When you post on the community , the information becomes available to anyone .
This information can be collected and used by others .
Therefore , we recommend that you refrain from posting any information that you do not want seen on those sites .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information .
The information we gather on our sites falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you supply when you register or initiate transactions , and ( 2 ) tracking information collected as you navigate through our sites .
Third-party providers featured on , or linked to from , our sites , such as vendors of products and services offered through our sites , may gather information , as well .
A big part of our advertising is served by Google Inc .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet and users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie to visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy click here .
- Information providede to BecomeGorgeous.com
In order to use many of BecomeGorgeous.com services and features we ask you to register to become a member .
During this member registration process , we will ask you for personally identifiable information such as your name , email address , mailing address , zip code , country , gender , birthdate , interests
-Information collected by BecomeGorgeous.com : IP address and cookies
Your IP address is the indentification number of your computer and this number is provided by your ISP .We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website .
If you choose to import your contact list to invite your friends to the community we will use the password of your email only one time , to extract the contact list .
We will not store your password .
Our site uses a feature of your browser to set a `` cookie '' on your computer .
Cookies are small packets of information that a site 's computer stores on your computer.We use cookies to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site , to deliver content specific to your interests , to track the pages you 've visited and to make sure you do n't see the same ads repeatedly .
-Information collected by our advertisers
Our advertising is currently served by third party advertising companies which deliver a cookie to you so the ads you see can be tracked and ensures that you are not shown the same ad too many times .
Since the third party advertising company only tags your computer with a number , they know nothing about who you are .
- Newsletters and Promotions :
We may offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters on various topics that we believe are of interest to our visitors .
If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter , you can always unsubscribe later either by following the 'unsubscribe ' link located near the bottom of each newsletter ,
Promotional emails : If you provide us with your email address , from time to time we may send you emails about products that we are affiliate with , services and special offers
If you elect to post material to any of our community services that may be offered on our sites , or if you elect to upload any photos you will be solely responsible for all content , messages , text , files , images , graphics , photos , other materials .
You agree that any postings you post to the sites will be true and accurate , will not defame any person or invade any person 's privacy , and will not infringe the proprietary rights of any person .
You agree not to furnish any postings to which you do not own the rights .
By posting you give becomegorgeous the right to use the content in any manner and in any media now known or hereafter invented , including , without limitation , the right to combine your postings with postings of third parties in varied combinations .
You also acknowledge that visitors to the sites may post comments about your postings which may be derogatory , and that becomegorgeous has no obligation to monitor or delete any such postings .
Please be aware that becomegorgeous does not and can not monitor all of the postings made to the sites , and therefore becomegorgeous will not be responsible for the content of any postings .
However , becomegorgeous does reserve the right to delete or edit any material in any posting that is obscene , harassing , offensive or otherwise objectionable and not in keeping with the community standards of the site .
If becomegorgeous selects to edit any postings , it nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the postings .
Under no circumstances will becomegorgeous be liable for any inaccuracy or defect in any postings .
We also expect our users to adhere to certain rules of the road .
Therefore , you agree not to post , email , or otherwise make available postings :
-Is lewd , profane , obscene , or indecent , including any Content that is violent or pornographic or that contains nudity , explicit violent or sexual material , or depictions of violent or sexual acts ;
-Is harassing , threatening , abusive , inflammatory or otherwise objectionable , including Content used to harass , stalk or threaten a person ;
-Is unlawful or that could facilitate the violation of any applicable law , regulation or governmental policy ;
-Offers or disseminates any fraudulent goods , services , schemes or promotions , including any `` make money fast '' schemes or pyramid schemes ;
-Is libelous , defamatory , or knowingly false or misrepresents another person ;
-Seeks to impersonate any person or entity , or falsely state or otherwise represent your affiliation with a person or entity ;
-Promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person 's copyrighted work , or infringes upon the intellectual property rights of any third party , including the copyrights , trademarks , trade names , trade secrets or patents of such third party , or is posted without the express permission of the owner ( s ) of such rights ;
-Includes any material that is encrypted or that involves the transmission of `` junk mail , '' unsolicited mass mailing or spamming , or unauthorized advertising ;
-Is harmful to becomegorgeous.com or any other party 's systems and networks , including any transmissions which may damage , interfere with , surreptitiously intercept , or expropriate any system , program , data or personal information ;
-Violates any obligation of confidentiality or violates the privacy , publicity , moral or any other right of any third party ;
-Consists of any other content that becomegorgeous in its sole discretion deems to be Unacceptable Content .
We try our best to make sure that the information which we provide you is accurate .
But , we are NOT LIABLE for any losses or damages which may occur through your use of any information or products which you obtain through this website or any of our affiliated websites .
As in all matters related to your well being , you should consult with your attorney or accountant before making any decision which could adversely impact you .
Also you take full responsability of the content that you post in the community .
Because becomegorgeous does not monitor the postings , you agree to use and rely on them at your own risk .
becomegorgeous can not make any representation or warranty about the material contained in the postings .
becomegorgeous likewise assumes no responsibility for any contact you may have with other users of our sites , either online or offline .
If you select to meet in person with someone you may meet on our sites , you do so at your own risk , and under no circumstances will becomegorgeous be liable for any activity or injury that may occur .
If there is any dispute about or involving the site or community , you agree that the issue is resolved in an amiable way or if not the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the country were the owner of becomegorgeous is located .
The site and the community is not intended for children , specially those under age 13 .
Children are not allowed to post on the community .
It is our goal to provide increased value to you , our visitors .
Therefore , for your convenience , the Website offers you the ability to link , through the effects , to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties and therefore not affiliated with us .
Please understand that such linked websites are independent from becomegorgeous and that becomegorgeous has no control over the content of such websites .
Consequently , becomegorgeous can not be held liable and makes no warranty or representation whatsoever as to the accuracy , timeliness and/or completeness of the information contained on such websites .
The links which our visitors might place in their effects do not imply that we sponsor , endorse or are affiliated or associated with , or have been legally authorized to use any trade-mark , trade name , service mark , design , logo , symbol or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such sites .
We welcome any feedback that you may have concerning the external links that we have placed on our Website .
For any issues please contact us at the following e-mail address : contact [ at ] becomegorgeous [ dot ] com

Privacy Policy Effective Date : This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 .
At Bed Bath & Beyond we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and therefore do not sell or rent our customers ' Personal Information to any third party .
Further , we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes without first providing you the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing .
We refer to Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , as , the `` Company '' while we refer to the Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY and other brands collectively as , the `` Brands '' .
We refer to the Company and the Brands together as `` Bed Bath & Beyond '' `` we '' `` us '' or `` our . ''
This page sets forth our policies regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from or are able to obtain about the Site 's users .
We refer to these policies as our Privacy Policy .
In addition to the lower case words we us and our defined above , you will notice that we capitalize certain words in this Privacy Policy even though the rules of grammar do not require that they be capitalized .
We do this because these words have specific meanings in this Privacy Policy .
These specific meaning are found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text and inside quotation marks .
We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Site .
This Privacy Policy governs use of the Site and all the web sites operated by us , except where the Company or one of the Brands may have a separate policy in place for a specific web site other than the Site ( an Other Web Site ) .
In such a case the policy applicable to the Other Web Site will be available at the Other Web Site and will govern the use of the Other Web Site .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us , or that we may obtain through means other than the Site , such as by phone or postal mail , but please note that Personal Information obtained through such means will be treated in accordance with the first paragraph above and our use of such Personal Information will be consistent with this Privacy Policy .
By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you are not authorized to use the Site .
Furthermore , by providing us with Personal Information on this Site , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
As we update and diversify our products and services , this Privacy Policy may change .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time .
Please check this page for updates periodically .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here .
Unless the law otherwise requires , we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and your use of the Site following any posted changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes .
This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 .
The last change to this policy was :
Clarification on our use of third party advertisers
Clarification regarding the use of Personal Information for processing returns and exchanges , and for protection against fraud and error
Elimination of paragraph regarding information sharing with UPromise , whose participants now receive their benefits through other means
What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather ?
What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather ?
In order to process orders efficiently , when you place an order with us or register an account on the Site we actively collect the following personal information : name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address , phone number , and credit card number ( Personal Information ) .
If you prefer not to disclose your Personal Information online , you can always place your order by calling 1-800-GO BEYOND ( 1-800-462-3966 ) or visiting one of our many stores .
You may need to visit a separate site to find locations for the Brands .
We may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site for internal research purposes that may include marketing .
This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us .
If you respond to such surveys , we may ask you for some Personal Information and/or may contact you for more information , but only if you have given us permission to do so .
We may also receive information about you from other sources .
We ( including through our third party service providers ) may inactively collect from you information that is not in the same category as Personal Information .
For example , we might track information about the date and time you access the Site , the type of web browser you used , and the web site from which you connect to our Site .
We collect and use this and other non-Personal Information ( such as demographic data ) to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us , your interests regarding our products and services and how to further improve our Site .
We , or a third party , may also collect information from your activities on the Site as well as other sites for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences .
This means that our ads may appear on participating web sites based upon your browsing activity .
To accomplish all this , and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features , we , as do many web sites , use and allow our third party advertising companies to use the technologies listed below and other similar technologies ( the Tracking Technologies ) :
Cookies and Clear GIFs - Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information ( i.e. , username , password , shopping cart information , etc . ) while you 're at a site .
Cookies also track where you travel on a site and what you look at and purchase .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
You can learn more about how third party advertising companies use cookies and clear GIFs , including how to opt-out , by clicking here .
Please read the explanation carefully should you choose to opt-out using this method .
IP Address Tracking and Clickstream Data - In addition to cookies and clear GIFs , our servers automatically collect data about your server 's Internet address when you visit our Site .
This information , known as an Internet Protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet .
When you view pages from our Site , our servers may record or log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name .
Our server also may record the page that linked you to us and related information including any ads you may have clicked on .
Such information is known as Clickstream Data .
Email Interconnectivity - If you receive email from us , we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message , click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases .
In some cases , we may link the non-Personal information collected through the Tracking Technologies with certain of your Personal Information .
WE WANT TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER IN NO WAY GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU .
YOU MAY SET YOUR WEB BROWSER SOFTWARE TO REJECT TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES , BUT , IF YOU DO SO , CERTAIN FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE MAY BE AFFECTED .
Third parties ( including , but not limited to , software vendors , advertisers and fulfillment companies ) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site .
WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER WHAT INFORMATION SUCH THIRD PARTIES TRACK OR COLLECT , AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING , DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES
You may be visiting the Site from your mobile device .
Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access the Site through mobile devices .
Some features of the Site may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information .
Furthermore , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service .
Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information .
If an e-mail address you have provided us is a wireless e-mail address , you agree to receive messages at such address from us ( unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the How to Opt-Out instructions below ) .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages , and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions below .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Special Note Regarding our Investor Relations Web Pages
WE COMPLY WITH U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS WITH REGARD TO THOSE PAGES OF OUR SITE USED TO FURNISH INVESTOR RELATIONS MATERIALS SUCH AS ELECTRONIC PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORTS ( THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES ) .
WE DO NOT PLACE COOKIES OR CLEAR GIFS ON THE HARD DRIVES OF USERS VISITING THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES .
Security of the Information You Provide
Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure .
We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us so that it can be safeguarded as much as possible from being read or recorded as it travels over the Internet .
You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that appears at the bottom of your Internet browser 's window .
These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site .
The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs firewall and security technology .
We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password , including if you set up a wish list , customer account , a registry , or use the Bridal Toolkit .
We recommend you exercise extreme care in protecting your password information and do not publicly share any of your passwords .
You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password , and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or another person or entity using your password , whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you .
Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States .
The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe , confidential and secure environment .
If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site .
ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE ( AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE ) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE , BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET , WE CAN NOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS , TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER , OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS , SUCH AS HACKERS .
ACCORDINGLY , WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF , UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO , OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS .
BY USING THE SITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS .
How Do We Use the Information that You Provide and We Collect ?
We collect Personal Information for the purposes of fulfilling orders , processing returns and exchanges and providing you with the services you have chosen , providing a high level of customer service , providing you with information we believe may be of interest including mailing our circulars and special offers , for editorial and feedback purposes , for internal marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of your behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for protection against fraud and error , and to customize the content and layout of the Site ( collectively , Information Usage Purposes ) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , we will not knowingly use a mobile phone number for marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent .
In performing the Information Usage Purposes , we may combine information we collect on the Site with information we receive from other sources .
We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , any non-Personal Information you transmit to the Site or we collect from the Site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that we may use any such non-Personal Information ( together with any ideas , concepts , know-how , or techniques contained therein ) in any manner , for any purpose , without credit or compensation to you .
Without limiting the generality or application of the foregoing , the information that you publish on or through the Bridal & Gift Registry and/or the Bridal Toolkit is governed by specific terms available below under the heading Bridal & Gift Registry Information .
Sharing of Your Information With Our Partners ; Transfer of Your Information
We may provide your Personal Information to our associates and to companies acting as our authorized agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services to you and in performing Information Usage Purposes .
We screen and reasonably determine to be reputable any third party to whom we disclose such information and we require such third parties to agree to use the Personal Information only for such specified purposes .
Each of our partners must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
If we merge , or sell or otherwise transfer our assets , Site or operations , we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction .
Bridal & Gift Registry Information
Bridal & Gift Registry information is treated differently from information submitted for other purposes on our Site .
Registry users may receive additional e-mail communications from us , such as a registry welcome e-mail and follow-up contact after the scheduled event date .
In addition , cookies are used as part of our registry service to save your registry number on your computer .
By registering with us and opting to make your registry available online , your registry information , which includes your name , date of event and event location ( your state ) , will be made available to our partners that help provide our services and our co-branded services ( including for Information Usage Purposes ) and will be accessible by search engines and spiders that are not affiliated with us .
Finally , and to illustrate the type of business partner with whom your registry information may be shared , if you have not taken advantage of the applicable opt-out procedure , your registry information ( your name , date of event and event location ) may be made available to third party bridal and gift registry portal sites .
We may also share the e-mail address associated with your registry , but solely to enable us and such a third-party registry portal site to link your purchases or other activity with the registry you have established with us .
The use of such portal sites is intended to provide your guests with additional means of finding your registry , and to provide you with additional ways to create a registry with us .
Any third-party registry portal site with whom an e-mail address is shared as a registry identifier is contractually prohibited from using it for any other purpose not outlined above .
If you choose to use our online Bridal Toolkit and publish a Personal Wedding Site , this information will be treated as public information , available to anyone with access to the Internet .
Please review the Site 's Terms and Conditions for more information on the use of the Bridal & Gift Registry and the Bridal Toolkit .
Use of Information in Sweepstakes and Contests .
Occasionally , we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest ( a Promotion ) , and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form , or in some cases , you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order in store , online or via phone or , for example , by creating a Bridal Registry .
Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner ( s ) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity .
When you enter such a Promotion , you will have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us .
Since we value your privacy , you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications as detailed below .
In addition , some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors , and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors .
In the event your consent is indicated , the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors .
In those situations , the third parties will have the right to use your information for their own purposes , in accordance with their own policies , and we are not responsible for how co-sponsors may use your information .
In all events , we will make it clear to you in the entry , order or registration form , before you submit it , whether you are consenting to receive information from any party , and you will be given the opportunity to confirm or withdraw such consent prior to submitting your entry , order or registration .
In any case , where you elect to have us share your information with third parties , such as in the Promotions discussed above , those elections to have your information shared will supersede anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy .
We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those customers who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us and our subsidiaries .
Although we will promptly remove your name from our e-mail list upon receiving your request , it is possible that you may still receive e-mails from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list .
Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent .
Although we will promptly remove your name from our mailing list upon receiving your request , you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list .
You can also contact us by mail :
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. ,
Attn : Customer Service Privacy
650 Liberty Avenue ,
Union , New Jersey 07083
THE OPT-OUT RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ARE THE DEFAULT RULES AND PROCEDURES WE USE IN OPERATING THE SITE AND ARE THE STANDARD BY WHICH WE ADHERE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY .
Release of Information to Protect Our Site and Others
We may release Personal Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is necessary to comply with law , protect the rights , properties or safety of Bed Bath & Beyond , our users or others , or enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements .
Your Account Access Rights
You may review and make changes to the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on the Site by visiting the My Account area of the Site .
Intended Users ; Use By Children under 13
The Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13 and all products available for sale on the Site are intended to be purchased by adults .
We do not collect or maintain Personal Information , via the Site or otherwise , from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age .
If you notify us that information has been provided by a child under the age of 13 , upon verification , we will promptly delete such information .
Third Party Ad Servers ; Links to Other Web Sites
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site .
The Site also may contain links to other web sites that are not under our control .
These links may include the use of so-called `` share links . ''
A `` share link '' is a button and/or text link appearing on our Site that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to , and content from , the Site onto social networking web sites such as Facebook .
The privacy policies of other web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy .
We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit and to contact the third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies .
WE HAVE NO CONTROL OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEB SITES AND ADVERTISERS AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS ' OR ADVERTISERS ' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES , THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES .

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Effective date : August 12 , 2013
( Behance ) is an online platform where creative professionals can showcase their work and discover the creative work of others .
Behance is hosted exclusively in the United States and is operated from the Behance offices in New York , NY .
Behance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adobe Systems Incorporated , and any information you provide to Behance will be shared within the Adobe family of companies .
Adobe 's privacy practices are described here .
Behance follows Adobe 's privacy practices .
In addition , privacy-related information specific to Behance is provided below .
How Does Behance Use Geographic Information It Collects At Registration , And How Can I Change It
Behance requires that users provide geographic information ( city , state and country ) when registering .
This information lets users search for artists or creative work by geographic region .
It also helps Behance to make your web experience more geographically relevant .
If you move , you can update your geographic information by going to the My Profile tab .
How Can I Opt-Out Of , Or Customize Messages Behance SendsTo Me
You can opt-out or customize the type of messages you receive from Behance by visiting the Notifications tab under Account Settings , or by clicking on the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance marketing emails .
You may also set your marketing preferences for other Adobe products and services here .
How Does Behance Share My Information If I Join A Custom Creative Network
Behance allows organizations to set up private galleries hosted by Behance called Custom Creative Networks .
If you choose to join a Custom Creative Network , Behance will share with the Custom Creative Network your name , email address , country , date you joined Behance , the number of projects you have published , your Behance URL , and if applicable , your school status , school/organization email address , degree program and year of graduation .
By joining a Custom Creative Network you will be subject to that organization 's privacy policy , in addition to the policies outlined on , or linked to from , this page .
How Can I Review , Update or Delete My Personal Information On Behance
You may review and update your personal information by visiting the Account Settings tab .
If you wish to delete your Behance account , you can go to the Privacy tab under Account Settings and click Delete ( please note , this process is irreversible and we ca n't restore your account afterwards ) .
Additionally , you can edit or update other information in your Behance profile by visiting the My Profile tab .
You can also edit your personal Behance URL on the My Profile tab , but you are only permitted to do so once .

Last updated May 15 , 2009 .
Thank you for using BehindTheName.com ! We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors .
The following summarizes the information-gathering and dissemination practices for this website .
BehindTheName.com does not collect or store personal information about visitors , except for ( 1 ) the name and email address that are required when signing up as a member , and ( 2 ) the optional personal information that is entered into a member 's profile .
The email addresses are kept private and will not be shared with third parties ; the other personal information is optional and can be removed by logging in and then editing the member account .
BehindTheName.com records user IP addresses to help administer this website , specifically the message boards .
When a user posts a message to a message board anonymously ( meaning not logged in ) , the user 's IP address at the time of the posting will be displayed in the message .
BehindTheName.com creates cookies on your computer to help us remember who you are each time you return to the website .
For instance , cookies may be used to retain your personal preferences or to save your password ( in an encrypted form ) so it does n't have to be entered again each time you log in .
Behind the Name uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Home About | Copyright | Terms | Contact

We at POPSUGAR Inc .
( POPSUGAR , we , us , our ) know that our users ( you , your ) care about how your personal information is used and shared , and we take your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy .
By visiting or using the Website or Services in any manner , you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy , and you hereby consent that we will collect , use , and share your information in the following ways .
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control , or to individuals that we do not employ or manage .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Services .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
WHAT INFORMATION DOES POPSUGAR COLLECT
We gather various types of Personal Information from our users , as explained more fully below .
We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our services , to allow our users to set up a user account and profile , to contact users , to fulfill your requests for certain products and services , to analyze how users utilize the Website , and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may share certain types of Personal Information with third parties ( described in this Section and in Section 7 below ) .
We collect the following types of information :
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us .
For example , we collect Personal Information such as your name , user name , email address , and third-party account credentials ( for example , your log-in credentials for Facebook or other third party sites ) .
If you provide your third-party account credentials to us , you understand some content and/or information in those accounts ( Third Party Account Information ) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions , and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Website is covered by this Privacy Policy .
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features .
Certain information , such as a user name and email address , are required in order to register an account on any part of the Service .
We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you can not be individually identified , and provide that information to our partners .
Whenever you interact with our Website , we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address , cookie information , and the page you requested .
Cookies are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our Website are visited and by how many people .
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit your computer or device 's acceptance of cookies , but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our Website 's features .
Our advertising partners , which may include advertisers , advertising agencies , and ad networks , may also transmit cookies to your computer or device , when you view or interact with one of their ads that appear on the Website .
Also , if you click on a link to a third party website , such third party may also transmit cookies to you .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties .
When we collect usage information ( such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website ) , we only use this data in aggregate form , and not in a manner that would identify you personally .
For example , this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Website , so that we can make the Website appealing to as many users as possible .
We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners ; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website , so that they , too , can provide you with an optimal experience .
We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally .
E-MAIL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
We may contact you , by email or other means ; for example , we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses , or communicate with you about your use of the Website .
Also , we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us .
This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service .
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website , and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes .
Notwithstanding anything else , certain parts or features of the Service may require you to allow us to send you email ; for example , email opt-out is not permitted for accounts registered on circleofmoms.com .
E-MAIL ADDRESSES AND INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US BY OTHER USERS
In some cases , your email address and other Personal Information may be provided to us by other users of the Website or Services ( for example , when another user gives you a gift subscription to the Services ) .
Our collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Information will be governed by the same practices and policies outlined this Privacy Policy , whether provided to us directly by you or by another user of the Website or Services .
WILL POPSUGAR SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone .
We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below .
Advertisers : We allow advertisers , advertising agencies , ad networks , and/or merchant partners ( collectively , Advertisers ) to collect information on our Website for the purpose of serving you with advertising tailored to your interest or choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers .
You agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser , in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers .
For example , we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses , but we will not tell such businesses who you are .
We may deliver a file to you through the Website ( known as a web beacon ) from an ad network .
Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized , aggregated auditing , research and reporting for us and for advertisers .
Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network 's servers , these companies can view , edit , or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control : In certain situations , businesses or third party websites we 're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Website ( either alone or jointly with us ) .
You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service , and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service .
For example , if you purchase a Voucher through the Service , we may share certain information about you with the applicable Merchant , in order to allow such Merchant to redeem that Voucher .
Another such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account Information to your Website profile or to automatically transmit information in your Website profile to your third party account .
We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else , so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business , please review all such business ' or websites ' policies .
Agents : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you .
For example , in order to customize the content you receive from our email mailing lists or advertising partners , we may share your email address or a hashed version of your email address in an aggregate collection of similar information from other users with third parties who then provide us with demographic information that is associated with the aggregate group of email addresses or hashed email addresses .
Unless we tell you differently , our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
User Profiles and Submissions : Certain user profile information , including without limitation a user 's name , location , and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Website , may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Website or address your request for POPSUGAR 's services .
Your account privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others .
Any content you upload to your public user profile , along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view ( on discussion boards , in messages and chat areas , etc . ) becomes publicly available , and can be collected and used by others .
Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments .
Additionally , if you sign into the Website through a third party social networking site or service , your list of friends from that site or service may be automatically imported to the Website , and such friends , if they are also registered users of the Website , may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your Website user profile .
Again , we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service .
Business Transfers : We may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred .
Also , if we ( or substantially all of our assets ) are acquired , or if we go out of business , enter bankruptcy , or go through some other change of control , Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party .
Protection of POPSUGAR and Others : We reserve the right to access , read , preserve , and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order ; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of POPSUGAR , our employees , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
With Your Consent : Except as set forth above , you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form , and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
HOW DOES POPSUGAR USE THIRD-PARTY ONLINE ADVERTISING
Some of the advertisements you see on our Website or on emails we deliver to you are delivered by Advertisers who collect non-personally identifiable information about your online activities with the emails we send and/or our Website through the use of cookies , web beacons , and other technologies , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver you advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
These Advertisers may include , but are not limited to , BlueKai , Brightroll , Criteo , DoubleClick , Google , MediaMath , PubMatic , Pulse360 , Quantcast , and Yahoo .
The use of cookies , web beacons , and other technologies by these companies is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties .
These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes .
You can find out more information by clicking on the company names listed above and following the links to each company 's website .
In addition , some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from its member companies .
Please note that if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests or demographic , you will continue to see advertisements on our Website , but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you .
POPSUGAR does not have access to the information that Advertisers may collect , and the information practices of our Advertisers are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
In addition , POPSUGAR works with third parties to help us track the advertisements that are delivered to you to determine the effectiveness of advertising on our Website .
Third parties that use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to assist us with our traffic measurement , research and analytics include , but are not limited to , Comscore , Nielsen and DoubleClick .
POPSUGAR does not share personally identifiable information with these third parties .
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security .
If you access your account via a third party site or service , you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service .
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account .
We follow reasonable data security practices to protect the confidentiality and security of your account and the Personal Information you provide to us .
To protect your credit card number we use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) software to protect the security of your credit card information during transmission through encryption .
We believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of a security breach to a level appropriate to the type of data involved .
However , we can not guarantee complete security .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
The Website may contain links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When following a link to another site you should read that site 's privacy policy .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS
Through your account settings , you may access , and , in some cases , edit or delete the following information you 've provided to us :
user profile information , including images and videos you have uploaded
The information you can view , update , and delete may change as the Website changes .
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes , and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties .
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE
You can always opt not to disclose information to use , but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features .
You may be able to add , update , or delete information as explained in Section 10 above .
When you update information , however , we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records .
Please note that some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account .
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it , but not in a manner that would identify you personally .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website , updating the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy , or sending you an email .
You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted .
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .
Effective Date : September 25 , 2013

Bell Media Website Privacy Policy
( Last Updated on April 1 , 2011 )
Bell Media respects the privacy of all of its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains Bell Media Inc. 's and its subsidiaries ' ( collectively , `` Bell Media '' ) treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on or related to all Bell Media websites referencing this Privacy Policy ( the `` Bell Media Sites '' ) and all services made available on the Bell Media Sites ( collectively , unless noted otherwise , the `` Bell Media Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy also explains how you can ask questions and make suggestions about our privacy practices and review and update your personal information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and to check back periodically as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or websites which are not owned or controlled by Bell Media .
In the course of operating the Bell Media Services , we may collect two types of information about our users : Personal Information and Non-Personal Information .
`` Personal Information '' is personally identifiable information , such as your name , address , email address , birth date and gender .
Personal Information is collected by us when you choose to provide it to us when registering for a Bell Media Service , such as when you choose to subscribe to a Bell Media Service , enter a Bell Media promotion , choose to receive a Bell Media newsletter , or choose to participate in a Bell Media survey .
In addition , if you choose to contact any of our customer service representatives , we may keep a record of that correspondence so that we may fully address the subject matter .
We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties , provided that such third parties confirm to us that you have permitted them to share such information .
Business contact information such as the name , title , business address , email address or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information .
`` Non-Personal Information '' is information of an anonymous nature , such as your Internet Protocol Address ( `` IP Address '' ) , the domain you may have used to access a Bell Media Service , the type and version of browser or operating system you may be using , and the website you may have come from and visit next .
Aggregate information , such as demographic statistics of our users ( e.g. , average age or geographical allocation of our users ) , number of visitors and average time spent on a Bell Media Service , is also considered Non-Personal Information .
Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services .
For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie ( as defined herein ) or through a Web Beacon ( as defined herein ) when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service .
Non-Personal Information is used by Bell Media as described in this Privacy Policy .
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information may be used by us for the following purposes :
Providing you with the Bell Media Services and information you have requested from us , including your use of the Bell Media Sites .
We may from time to time use your Personal Information to contact you about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to the Bell Media Services ;
If you indicated that you were interested in receiving offers or information from Bell Media or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Bell Media may send you email materials and other mailings about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you .
If at any time you would like to end your subscription to any such email materials , follow the directions posted at the bottom of the email material ;
If you enter a contest or other promotion offered on a Bell Media Site , we may , under the rules of the promotion , use your name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion ; or
Bell Media may also use Personal Information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal , provincial or foreign law or in order to protect or defend a legal interest .
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone .
We will only disclose your Personal Information to third parties :
Where you have specifically given us your consent to disclose your Personal Information for a designated purpose ;
Who are acting on our behalf as our agents , suppliers or service providers , solely to enable us to more efficiently provide you with the Bell Media Services .
Such entities act under strict contractual controls , requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of all such Personal Information and to use such information solely for purposes related to the provision of the Bell Media Services ;
As may be set out in the Terms and Conditions applicable to a Bell Media Service , to facilitate the provision of such Bell Media Service , such as fulfilling legal requirements ;
As required by law , including by an order of any court , institution or body with jurisdiction or authority to compel the production of information , or in order to protect or defend a legal interest ; or
In connection with a Bell Media corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or a sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Bell Media provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND ADVERTISEMENTS
A Bell Media Service may contain links to other websites and services .
While we try to link only to sites and services that share our high standards and respect for privacy , please understand that we are not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Bell Media Services referencing this Privacy Policy .
The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with the Bell Media Services are served through reputable third party advertisement serving partners , in accordance with their policies as described on their own websites .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
Bell Media takes technical , contractual , administrative , and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us .
We instruct our employees with access to your Personal Information that it is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and the laws applicable to each specific business .
In certain areas , such as when you provide credit card information to us , we work to help protect the security of your credit card information during transmission by using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology .
You can help protect the security of your Personal Information as well .
For instance , never give out your password , since this is what is used to access your account or registration information .
Also remember to log out of your account and close your browser window when you finish using a Bell Media Service or surfing the web , so that other people using the same computer wo n't have access to your information .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Bell Media may from time to time change this Privacy Policy as new Bell Media Services are added or old ones changed .
Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted at a Bell Media Site .
Please check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates by checking the date of `` Last Update '' at the top of this document .
Privacy procedures specific to a Bell Media Service can be found on a Bell Media Site at the location of the particular Bell Media Service , or in additional terms referenced at such Bell Media Site .
Those procedures are an addendum to this Privacy Policy , and are provided to you at the place where they will be of most use to you .
ACCESSING AND CHANGING ACCOUNT / REGISTRATION INFORMATION
Bell Media provides you with the means to access , update , edit or delete any account or registration information you may have provided to us at any time on your own by going to the appropriate page in the account or registration section of the relevant Bell Media Service , and changing or deleting such information as desired .
If you are unsure whether we have a record containing any of your Personal Information and would like to confirm whether or not we do , please send an email to Bell Media indicating all email addresses that you may have given us .
If you decide at any time that you do not want to receive any email materials to which you have subscribed , you may choose to unsubscribe to these emails by following the instructions at the end of the message .
QUESTIONS , COMMENTS OR SUGGESTIONS
If you have questions , comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or Bell Media 's privacy practices that were not answered here , send us an email .
BELL MEDIA USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services .
For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie or through a Web Beacon when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service .
In addition to Bell Media 's practices related to IP Addresses , Cookies or Web Beacons , Non-Personal Information is used generally by Bell Media to monitor and improve the operation of the Bell Media Services , to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users , to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific Bell Media Services , to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources .
No Personal Information will be disclosed during these activities .
Bell Media may also use Non-Personal Information to inform our sponsors and advertisers as to the performance of a particular sponsorship ( such as a contest ) or advertisement .
In such case we may disclose to those third-party sponsors and advertisers the overall aggregate demographics available regarding , for example , who participated in a contest or who saw and `` clicked '' on an advertisement .
No Personal Information will be disclosed to these sponsors and advertisers as part of this process ; only information in an anonymous , aggregate form will be disclosed .
An IP Address is the unique number which is assigned to every direct Internet access point .
Many IP Addresses can generally be associated with certain Internet service providers or large organizations .
IP Addresses do not contain any Personal Information .
When you , through your browser , request a web page or similar Internet information from another computer on the Internet , your browser automatically provides that computer with an IP address to which it will send the requested information .
Bell Media and IP Addresses
Whenever you request a Bell Media Service web page or certain other similar Bell Media content , your browser automatically provides our computers with your IP Address , to which our computers will send the requested information .
Each such request is logged by our computers with information including the IP Address of the computer that requested the page and is stored by our computers as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy ;
Bell Media may use your IP Address to display more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on your geographic area .
Aggregate information derived from IP Addresses may be reported by Bell Media to its advertisers and partners .
For example , Bell Media may report to its advertisers the estimated total number of users accessing a particular Bell Media Site from a specific province ; and
Bell Media may use your IP Address to facilitate the diagnoses and remedy of a technical problem reported by you or our technical team .
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
A `` Cookie '' is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred ( through your browser ) from a web site to the hard drive of your computer .
The Cookie identifies your browser and will not let a web site know any personal information about you , such as your name and address .
Since Cookies are only text files , they can not run on your computer , search your computer for other information , or transmit any information to anyone .
Bell Media may use Cookies to :
Monitor website usage and improve the operation and performance of the Bell Media Services and to make our Bell Media Services easier and more convenient to use .
For example , Cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized services ( e.g . language preference ) .
Cookies also allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit a Bell Media Service ;
Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to the Bell Media Services and advertisements ( e.g. , number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) .
This information helps us to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides us with details as to the performance of third party advertisements and content .
This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to our current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners .
No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ; and
Bell Media and third party advertising providers used by Bell Media may use Cookies when serving advertisements .
Cookies are used on many major web sites .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies .
If you prefer , you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a Cookie , or to refuse to accept Cookies .
You should understand that while Bell Media does not require you to use Cookies , certain Bell Media Services will not function properly if you set your browser to not accept Cookies .
Certain Bell Media Services may contain electronic images known as `` Web Beacons '' , sometimes called single-pixel gifs , that allow Bell Media to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Web Beacons are not used to access your Personal Information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about Bell Media Service usage .
Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information including a Cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides .
Certain Bell Media Service web pages may also contain Web Beacons placed there by our advertising partners or web analytics service providers to help Bell Media determine the effectiveness of our Internet advertising campaigns .

We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information .
This Privacy Policy tells you :
What information we collect
How we use that information
How we may share that information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information
This Policy applies to BestBuy.com , Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name .
This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop ( FutureShop.ca ) , Best Buy Canada ( BestBuyCanada.ca ) , Magnolia Audio Video ( Magnoliaav.com ) , Geek Squad ( GeekSquad.com ) , Pacific Sales ( PacificSales.com ) , Audio Visions ( Avisions.com ) , Best Buy China ( BestBuy.com.cn ) , Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co .
( Five-Star.cn ) among others , each of which may have their own privacy policies .
We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices .
Information You Give Us
We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores .
For example , we collect information from you when you place an order , create an account , call us with a question , create a Wish List , write a review , or use any of our services .
The information we collect from you includes things like :
Your credit card number and other payment information
Your driver 's license number
Credit application information , such as your Social Security number
Demographic and lifestyle information , such as age , personal interests and product preferences
It may also include information you give us about other people , such as the name and address of a gift recipient , or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person .
Information from Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources , including third parties that help us update , expand and analyze our records and identify new customers .
We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior , personalized shopping experience , whether you are online or in our stores .
This information includes your IP address , browsing behavior while on our site , browser and device characteristics , and referring URLs .
This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies , including various types of cookies , web beacons , and tags .
Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to `` do not track '' requests from browsers .
These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites , and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores .
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you , we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above .
We also may share personal information with those providers .
We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers .
Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below .
Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you 're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores .
To allow any application to identify your location , you must enable this functionality through your mobile device 's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi , GPS signals , cell tower position , or other technologies .
Best Buy has no control over your device 's settings .
Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect for things like :
Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information
Processing returns , exchanges and layaway requests
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering or installing products
Managing our My Best Buy program
Marketing and advertising products and services
Conducting research and analysis
Establishing and managing your accounts with us
Communicating things like special events , sweepstakes , promotions and surveys
Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy MasterCard applications
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others , such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend
Operating , evaluating and improving our business
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Best Buy does not sell , rent or trade your personal information to third parties .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ( `` Best Buy '' ) , and as such , if you provide information to any of the businesses , stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy , this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co. , Inc. entities , including affiliates and subsidiaries .
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as :
Scheduling and performing installations
Maintaining our My Best Buy program
Sending Best Buy marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation , court order or subpoena .
We may also share information when we believe it 's necessary to comply with the law .
We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Best Buy , our customers , or others ; to prevent harm or loss ; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity .
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale , merger , acquisition , dissolution or similar event .
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards .
We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings .
For example , when you apply for a Best Buy credit card , we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card .
HOW WE PROTECT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it .
Best Buy can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us .
The Best Buy websites use encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information , including your name , address and credit card number .
Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet .
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
You may choose to :
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services
Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum
To do any of these , let us know by one of these methods :
Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us
Call 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 ) with your request and current contact information
Send a letter with your request and current contact information to :
Best Buy Corporate Campus
Attn : Customer Care/Privacy
7601 Penn Avenue South
Richfield , MN 55423-3645
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet .
These companies may collect personal and other information about your visits to this and other websites .
We may also share personal information with these companies .
In either case , the purpose is to provide ads about products and services that may be of interest to you .
There is also a Profile Manager tool which allows you to manage your interest-based preferences used by ad networks , data aggregators and others .
PROTECTING CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies .
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve .
If we make material changes , including any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective , as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes .
U.S.-EU SAFE HARBOR FRAMEWORK
Best Buy Co. , Inc. complies with the U.S.- E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us ( as provided below ) .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here , fax to 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
Best Buy Co. , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices , we 'll do our best to answer them .
Here 's how to contact us :
1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 )
Best Buy Corporate Campus
Attn : Customer Care/Privacy
7601 Penn Avenue South
Richfield , MN 55423-3645

Online Policy for Individuals Under 18 Years Old
No personal information should be submitted or posted on our web sites by individuals under 18 years of age .
We do not knowingly use information collected from online guests 17 years of age or under for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever .
Unless otherwise disclosed at collection , we do not provide any personally identifying information collected through our web sites from individuals 17 years old and under , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever .
Note to parents : If your child has submitted his or her name through one of our web sites , and you wish to communicate with us , please do so via one of the channels mentioned below .
The information that may be gathered through our web sites is submitted to us voluntarily and knowingly by site users .
When you browse our sites , personal information is not collected .
From time to time we may make names and postal addresses we have collected available to our affiliated third parties .
These are reputable companies whose products and/or services we feel may interest you .
We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , user traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third parties for statistical analysis , but these statistics will not include personally identifying information .
Demographic and preference information may be provided to allow advertising on our web sites to be targeted , in aggregate , to the users for whom they are most appropriate .
We use credit card numbers submitted to us through our web sites for payment purposes only , and not for marketing purposes .
We utilize industry standard secure encryption technology to ensure the privacy and security of the credit card numbers of anyone who places online orders with us .
Receiving E-mail and Postal Correspondence
By submitting a form on our web sites you will be entitled to receive e-mail correspondence from us .
Both our e-mail and postal correspondence may include subscriber-only special offers , including discounts , free gifts , opportunities to win cash and prizes , as well as opportunities to enter the Reader 's Digest sweepstakes .
Our purpose is to provide users with useful information and offers that will interest them .
Please note Reader 's Digest will not share e-mail addresses we collect through our web sites with any unaffiliated third parties unless we specify at the point of collection .
Every e-mail we send out will include an explanation on how to opt out from receiving future e-mail correspondence .
You may also opt out of being included in our postal mailing list at any time , by following the instructions below .
Receiving e-mail messages from us is optional .
If , at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us , simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail .
For more information on how to unsubscribe from e-mail marketing , click here .
If , at any time , you prefer not to receive offers and/or other correspondence by mail or telephone originated by Reader 's Digest and its third party affiliates , you may choose to opt-out by calling 1-866-659-2887 or writing to us at the address below .
Reader 's Digest Association ( Canada ) ULC
Box 974 , Stn .
Markham , Ontario L3P 0K6 .
To view and edit your existing personal information , or for more information on how to view and edit your personal information , click here .
For general customer-service questions not related to privacy issues , please click here to visit our online Customer Care Centre .
For customer-service purposes , we maintain a record of e-mail messages and addresses sent to us , as well as any replies we may have sent in return .
Hyperlinks to Other Web Sites
Our web sites may include links to web sites of other companies unaffiliated with us .
Please note that we are unable to review all such sites and take no responsibility for the content of any unaffiliated web site .
Cookies and Server Logs
Reader 's Digest , Best Health and Our Canada as well as related web-hosting providers and advertisers sometimes utilize `` cookie '' technology .
Cookies are bits of data stored on your local hard drive which help enhance your web-browsing experience .
Not all web browsers accept cookies , and those that do usually provide a preference or setting which allow you to refuse cookies .
If your browser does not accept cookies , you may not be able to fully participate in all our web sites ' features , including registration and entry into contests , prize draws and sweepstakes .
Server logs capture certain non-personally identifying data , such as the time and date of a web visit , the browser and operating system being used , the IP address or domain name of the user 's ISP , and the web URL a user linked from .
This information is used in aggregate form to help us plan system enhancements when necessary and to provide content which is compatible with our visitors ' web browsing systems .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site , you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with this policy , please do not use this site .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at anytime .
Please check this page periodically for any changes .
Your continued use of our web sites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes .

Customer data that is collected and used for the contract with bet-at-home.com is personal data and handled in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act as well as all other relevant legal regulations in regards to data protection .
bet-at-home.com based in Portomaso Business Tower , Level 12 , STJ 4011 , St. Julian 's , Malta , Tel . : +356-21314833 is the responsible authority in relation to all aspects of the collection and processing of customer data .
The collection or processing of customer data is a necessary condition for the conclusion of the contract and is solely for this purpose .
By concluding the contract , the customer agrees to the collection or processing of their data .
The minimum information that is required to be collected is stated in the Terms and Conditions , section `` Account '' .
The customer acknowledges and irrevocably agrees that their personal data will be transmitted to third party service providers if required for the performance of the contract and the services associated therewith .
Provided that those third party providers adhere to an acceptable level of data protection in line , with European data protection rules .
A cookie is a small file that is stored on the visitor 's hard disk .
bet-at-home.com makes use of certain cookies not only for the purposes of identifying the client upon repeat visits and making playing activity easier , but especially as part of the activities aimed at preventing possible illegal or fraudulent activities .
Consequently the usage of these cookies is necessary for the proper performance of the contract with bet-at-home.com and the services associated therewith .
By registering , the customer agrees to the use of cookies .
When visiting this website bet-at-home.com further transfers cookies to register which products the visitor is interested in , in order to place specific advertisements on other websites .
These cookies can in no way be connected to personally identifiable information .
At every advertisement on other websites the user can choose to opt out .
The help features of most browsers provide information regarding the usage of cookies generally , such as how to prevent the browser from accepting cookies or how to disable cookies altogether .
bet-at-home.com may , provided that the customer has consented upon registration , send information and promotional material to the address given by the customer .
The customer can revoke this consent at any time .
Cancellation has no impact on the offered services rendered by the contract and the continued existence of the contract with bet-at-home.com .
bet-at-home.com discloses personal data when ordered to do so by mandate of the governing authorities and/or under provision in the governing law .
Furthermore the company reserves the right to disclose personal data to relevant recipients when the company has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve a bet-at-home.com betting account .
If bet-at-home.com would like to process the customer 's data for other purposes , the customer will be informed in advance , as required by law and their express consent will be obtained .
The customer 's data will be processed electronically .
The customer 's data will only be accessed by trained and authorised personnel , who are required to maintain confidentiality in accordance with the Maltese Data Protection Act .
The customer is hereby made aware of their rights in relation to information , correction and deletion of data concerning them in accordance with Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act .
Furthermore , the customer has the right to obtain information to confirm the existence of their data .
Also , the customer is entitled to change and/or delete incorrect or incomplete data .
Additional rights can be found in Section V of the Maltese Data Protection Act .
This website includes sharing functions such as the Twitter tweet and the Facebook share button .
Using these functions means that personal data may be saved , forwarded and processed .
Plugins from the social network Facebook , Facebook Inc. , 1601 S. California Ave , Palo Alto , CA 94304 , USA , can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the `` Like '' button .
Facebook Ireland Limited , Hanover Reach , 5-7 Hanover Quay , Dublin 2 , IRELAND , is responsible for users outside of the USA and Canada .
bet-at-home.com points out that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Facebook .
bet-at-home.com accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use .
bet-at-home.com emphasizes that the customer can avoid this collection and processing of data by logging out of their profile before they use the website .
Plugins from twitter.com , Twitter , Inc. 1355 Market St , Suite 900 San Francisco , CA 94103 , USA , can be recognised by a white bird on a light blue background .
bet-at-home.com points out that it has no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Twitter .
bet-at-home.com accepts no liability for any damages or other losses that may arise from this data use .
bet-at-home.com hereby informs you that it uses Google analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google Inc .
( `` Google '' ) in order to collect IP addresses anonymously .
Google Analytics uses `` cookies '' , which are text files stored on your computer that allow for analysis of your webpage usage .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there .
If an IP anonymisation service is activated on this website , Google will shorten your IP address to one within the European Union or other states within the European economic area .
Only in rare cases will an entire IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there .
Google uses this information to evaluate your use of this website , to create reports on website activity for the operator and to offer other services related to website activity and internet usage .
Google may give this data to third parties should this be legally required or if third parties analyse the data on Google 's behalf .
Google will not connect your IP address with any other Google data .
You can deactivate the use of cookies in your browser 's options .
Please note that if you choose to do this , a complete use of our website can not be guaranteed .
By using our website you agree to Google 's use of your data , in the above-mentioned manner .
If there are any changes to this privacy policy , bet-at-home.com will replace this page with an updated version .
All versions contain the version number and the date of the validity change .
The customer is responsible for regularly reading all versions to check if changes or updates have been made .
Last change on : 02.12.2013 00:00

Betfair wants visitors to its website to know that we are just as concerned as you are about the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide us ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
In this respect we have invested heavily in providing a world class Information Security Management System , which has been accredited with ISO 27001 certification .
Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address , date of birth , payment card details , details of betting transactions and account transfers and any other information you may wish to provide .
Betfair is endeavouring to ensure that our business practices that involve the use of your Personal Information are compliant with privacy regulations in the countries where we operate .
Accordingly , in this policy document ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) , Betfair wants not only to advise you of your privacy rights but also explain how we intend to respect them .
Any reference to `` Betfair '' or the `` Group '' within this Privacy Policy includes Betfair Group Plc and all or any of its direct or indirect subsidiary undertakings , joint venture partners , and their related companies wherever located in the world as may exist from time to time .
How is your Personal Information collected by our website
Personal Information may be submitted on our website in two areas :
If you do provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services , you may voluntarily provide additional personal information .
You will be asked to provide your personal information in this area for the purposes of registering with Betfair and opening an account with us .
If you are already one of our customers and have opened an account with us , you must use a password to enter the Betfair website .
A `` session cookie '' is used to enable you to leave and re-enter our website without re-entering your password .
Our web server will record the pages you visit within our website .
To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor and record any communication you have with us whether in writing , by phone or by electronic mail .
E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website .
Betfair recommends that with the exception of your name and username/TAN you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail .
Any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk .
How we use Cookies on our Site and what Information we collect
Betfair uses cookies ' in order to provide you with a better experience .
To find out more about cookies , please see our Cookie Policy .
How your Personal Information will be used
Betfair will process your Personal Information in order to allow you access and make use of our website , to allow you to participate in the services offered , to administer your account , to maintain our accounts and records , to monitor website usage levels and the quality of the service we provide and to inform you , from time to time , about products and services that we consider may interest you and for related purposes .
If you do not wish to receive future marketing , promotional or sales material from Betfair , you may notify us that no further material be sent to you .
Our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us ' pages of our website .
Betfair will as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving your request , remove your contact details from our marketing database .
Betfair will also retain such information and may analyse it in order to investigate any actual or suspected criminal activity or , in respect of any event featured on our website , any threat to the integrity of that event and/or breaches of the rules of that event as laid down by the relevant governing ( including sporting ) bodies .
All rights in the manner of recording your Personal Information held by Betfair ( including copyright and database rights ) are and shall remain its property .
Telephone calls and betting data relating to users will be recorded and may be actively monitored for which purposes all users hereby consent .
To whom and where personal information may be disclosed
Your Personal Information may , for the purposes described above , be transferred or disclosed to any company within the Group or , subject to appropriate agreement to third parties , for the processing of that Personal Information on our behalf .
The Group may , from time to time , retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes listed above and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law .
Where required by law , your Personal Information may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental , regulatory , sporting or enforcement authority .
Additionally , in circumstances where we deem it appropriate , your Personal Information may be disclosed to any regulatory authority ( whether at the request of such authority or otherwise ) which has issued Betfair with a gambling operating licence .
Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to any regulatory or sporting body in connection with policing the integrity or enforcing the rules of a sport or game and/or prevention and detection of crime and with whom the Group has agreements ( Memoranda of Understanding or `` MOUs '' ) from time to time for the sharing of such data and where the Group considers that there are reasonable grounds to suspect that you may be involved in a breach of such rules or the law , have knowledge of a breach of such rules or the law or otherwise pose a threat to the integrity of the relevant sport or game .
Those bodies may then use your Personal Information to investigate and act on any such breaches in accordance with their procedures .
In connection with the above purposes it may be necessary , or a legal requirement , for Betfair to disclose information to entities located in countries outside the UK , Malta , the EU and Australia in each case in accordance with appropriate technical and organizational security measures .
By agreeing to this policy , by use of the Betfair site or otherwise , you agree that Betfair may store and use historical data relating to you and your account ( s ) for the purposes outlined in this policy .
Betfair has entered into MOUs with the following regulatory and/or sporting bodies :
The British Horseracing Authority
The Association of Professional Tennis Players
The Darts Regulation Authority
The International Cricket Council
The Rugby Football League
The English Football Association
The National Horseracing Authority of South Africa
The Greyhound Board of Great Britain
The Thoroughbred Racing Protective Bureau ( US horseracing )
The Lawn Tennis Association
The International Tennis Federation
The WTA ( Women 's Professional Tennis )
The Australian Football League
The Rugby Football Union
The British Darts Organisation
The Royal Belgian Football Association
The Irish Football Association
The Turf Club ( Irish horseracing )
The Football Association of Ireland
The Football Federation of Australia
National Rugby League Limited
Lawn Tennis Association of Australia Limited
PGA Tour of Australasia Limited
Deutscher Tennis Bund e.V ( German Tennis )
Racing and Wagering Western Australia
Thoroughbred Racing South Australia
Greyhound Racing South Australia Limited
Harness Racing South Australia
Greyhound Racing New South Wales
Racing New South Wales
Harness Racing New South Wales
The National Hockey League
The Tennis Integrity Unit
New Zealand Racing Board
Victorian Racing Integrity Commissioner
Further MOUs may have been entered with other organizations the details of which are available on request .
By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter our website , you explicitly consent to the Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes , and otherwise in the manner set out in this policy , or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Terms and Conditions .
If you wish to qualify , vary , modify or limit your consent in relation to marketing communications or in circumstances where any processing of your data is likely to cause damage or distress or such other circumstances as the law allows then you may do so by notifying us in writing .
Our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us ' pages of our website .
You may at any time request a copy of your Personal Information held by Betfair in accordance with subject access rules in the Data Protection Act 2004 ( Gibraltar ) , the Privacy Act 1988 ( Australia ) and the Data Protection Act 2001 ( Malta ) .
Betfair reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy including altering the purposes for which it processes your Personal Information .
In the event that Betfair considers it appropriate to make any such change , the Privacy Policy will be updated and posted on our site .
Your continued use of the site will constitute acceptance of those changes .
For full details about Group members , where they operate , or for a copy of your Personal Information or any other queries you may have about our Privacy Policy , please contact us .
Again , our contact details are located in the 'Contact Us ' pages of our website .
Special terms applicable only to customers from Germany
TSE Global acts as an intermediary between you and Betfair .
Forwarding of customers by TSE Global
All personal information required for registration is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair .
It is possible that your username and password contains personal information ( e.g. , if you have chosen your own name as your username ) .
This information is exclusively collected and processed by Betfair .
Special terms applicable only to customers betting on australian events
*Australian Event means an event that takes place on Australian soil and/or an event that is specifically identified in the relevant market information as being governed by Betfair 's Australian licence .
Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to the Tasmanian Gaming Commission ( `` TGC '' ) and such regulatory agencies as the TGC directs pursuant to the Gaming Control Act 1993 ( Tasmania ) .
Specifically any information relating to your use of our site may ( at the TGC 's direction ) be monitored and recorded or otherwise provided to the following regulatory agencies :
The Director of Racing appointed under section 5 of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ;
A Council within the meaning of the Racing Regulation Act 2004 ( Tasmania ) ; and
Another person or body nominated by the TGC that either in Tasmania or elsewhere exercises powers or performs functions in respect of the conduct of racing or gaming .
NOTE : There may be restrictions placed your betting on Australian Events if you have not complied with Betfair 's know your client ( `` KYC '' ) processes .
Further information can be found in the 'Help ' pages of the website .
2011 The Sporting Exchange Limited .
All rights reserved .
BETFAIR is a registered trade mark of The Sporting Exchange Limited .

Effective Date : March 26th , 2012
At General Mills , we are very sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to all of our websites , including our pages and applications on third-party social-networking services such as Facebook or Twitter and our applications on mobile devices .
We know that maintaining your trust requires that we protect your privacy .
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices at this website and the choices that you , as a visitor to this website , can make about the collection and use of your information .
Personal information we may ask you for and how we might use it
When you visit our website , we collect personal information from you ( such as your name , address , phone number , e-mail address , etc . ) when you voluntarily provide it to us .
Depending on the purpose for which the information was provided , we may use the information to communicate with you regarding our products , services , and promotions , to provide you with other information or materials that you request , to customize your interactive experience , and/or to improve our product and service offerings .
Here are the circumstances in which we might ask for personal information from our consumers though our website , the types of information we obtain , and how we might use the information :
If you contact one of our Consumer Services Representatives through our website , we may ask you for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , or e-mail address so that we can respond to your questions or comments .
( Of course , if you send us an e-mail , we will at a minimum obtain your e-mail address . )
You may be asked to provide personal information if you :
register as a user of our website or to post content to our website ;
agree to receive an online newsletter or other information or material from us ;
register for a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion ;
register to receive coupons through through our website ;
participate in a survey , a consumer research panel , or similar type of activity ; or
ask to receive an online newsletter or other information or material from us ; or
otherwise participate in features of our website that ask for personal information .
If you purchase or otherwise request a product , publication , or promotional offering from us or take advantage of a rebate or similar offer , you may be required to provide your contact and/or payment information ( such as a credit card number ) in order for us to process your request .
Your participation in any of these activities ( and therefore your provision of personally identifiable information ) is entirely voluntary .
We may use the information you provide to respond to your questions or comments , to administer our promotions and websites , to fulfill your request , subscription , or order , to provide you with a customized interactive experience , or to otherwise provide or improve our products and services .
Based on the information you provide , we also may obtain additional information about you , such as U.S . Postal Service address change data or demographic information , from commercially available sources .
We will not send you any online newsletter or similar e-mail marketing communication unless you expressly consent to receive such a communication from us .
And if you do choose to receive any such e-mail communication from us , you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving the e-mail at any time .
How do we use cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies
We may employ cookie technology , web beacons , transparent GIF images , and similar devices to facilitate website administration and navigation , to better understand and improve the effectiveness of our site , and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors .
Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to ( 1 ) a user 's IP address ( e.g. , yahoo.com - 192.168.1.1 ) , ( 2 ) the type of web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer ) and operating system ( e.g. , Windows ) being used , ( 3 ) the pages of the website a user visits , and ( 4 ) other websites a user visited before visiting our website .
These devices may also be used on our behalf by third parties managing our advertising on other websites to enable us to learn which advertisements bring visitors to our websites and to otherwise improve our online advertising .
Most browsers accept cookies automatically , but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent .
If you wish to disable cookies , refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies .
Please note that if you disable cookies , you may be unable to access some customized features on our website .
Devices like web beacons and transparent GIF images are tiny or transparent graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies .
We may use these graphics on our websites to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies .
Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize our website and improve your experience at our website .
We may also include these graphics in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened .
Cookies and similar technologies used for online behavioral advertising - and your right to opt out
Third parties that are involved in serving other companies ' advertising on our websites , or that are involved in determining which advertisements you might see on third-party websites , may use cookies to collect information ( such as the advertisements you have seen or the websites or pages you have visited ) in order to draw inferences about what internet advertising content might be relevant to you .
These cookies may be used by these third parties while you are visiting our website , and these third parties may then use the information gathered through these cookies to show you advertising they believe to be most relevant to you when you visit other websites not belonging to us .
This practice is called online behavioral advertising .
If you opt out , these companies have committed to refrain from using cookies ( or similar technologies ) in this manner to gather information on any website ( not just ours ) for online behavioral advertising purposes .
Please be aware that the opt-out process is itself cookie-based .
In other words , when you opt out , a cookie is placed on your browser that informs these third parties that they are not to use cookies with you for online behavioral advertising .
As a result , if you subsequently clear cookies from your browser ( as many people do periodically ) , your opt out will be lost until you reinstate it .
Also , please be aware that your opt out does not mean you will not continue to receive advertising you just will not receive advertising that might otherwise have been targeted to you based on these cookies on your computer .
When we might provide other parties with your personal information
If you give us your explicit consent to do so , we may share your personal information with other marketers at unaffiliated companies .
If you do not affirmatively consent to this , we will not share your information with such other marketers .
We may provide your personal information to third parties who provide services on our behalf .
These parties may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us ( e.g. , fulfillment of an order , responding to your question or comment , providing a sweepstakes prize , deployment of a consumer survey , investigation of a complaint , etc . ) .
Some of these third parties may be involved in administering or supplementing our databases and will need to have access to the information in order to do so .
For example , we may retain a third party to verify the accuracy of information within our databases or to gather additional information about individuals within our databases from commercially available sources .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party .
We also reserve the right to share information within General Mills amongst our various businesses .
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law , regulation , subpoena , court order , or by a government entity .
We also may disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law or legal rights , to cooperate in any legal investigation , or to identify , contact , or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of use of our website or any other terms applicable to any activity or feature of our website .
Personal information we may receive from third-party social-networking services
If you choose to access or make use of third-party social-networking services ( such as Facebook or Twitter ) , we may receive personal information about you that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social-networking services allow you to push content from our website to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on our website .
Some social-networking services also will facilitate your registration for our website or enhance or personalize your experience on our website .
Your decision to use a social-networking service will always be voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social-networking services may make available to our website by visiting those services ' privacy policies .
Any personal information we receive through third-party social-networking services may be used as described above .
Security for credit card data and transaction information
At General Mills , we are committed to keeping your online transactions safe and secure .
In order to reasonably assure the privacy and security of your credit card and other personal data when making an order , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL uses encryption technology to create a secure connection between your computer and ours .
We have also put procedures in place to safeguard the information/data we collect from you .
We can not absolutely guarantee the security of any information you provide online ; you provide it at your own risk .
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates , and to websites that are owned and operated by third parties .
These other websites may have their own privacy policies and are not be governed by this Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites owned and operated by any such third parties .
Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently , so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit .
User-generated content and public profile features
This website may , from time to time , contain interactive areas where website users might submit comments or other content ( including information about the user that might be displayed in the user 's public profile within an online community ) that may be posted on the website or otherwise published .
Users who do this should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , etc . ) in content submitted for posting or publication , the information can be read and used by others .
This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties .
We make no representations and undertake no obligations as to the security or use of information you voluntarily include when submitting content .
This website may , from time to time , include a send-to-a-friend application that makes it easy for you to forward information or materials from our website to friends or family by e-mail .
In order to address your e-mail message , the application may ask you to input the recipient 's e-mail address and/or similar information ( including your e-mail address ) .
This information is only used by the application to address your message so that it can be properly sent .
General Mills does not retain any of this information for any purpose .
This website is not directed to children and we will not request any information from children under 13 at this website .
General Mills does have other websites that are geared in whole or in part to a child audience .
Our commitment to the privacy of children is described more fully in the privacy policies of those websites .
General Mills and its affiliated companies take special care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 .
We have developed our privacy practices as they relate to children from guidelines established by the Children 's Advertising Review Unit ( CARU ) and in compliance with the requirements established by the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) .
We also recommend that parents monitor their children 's Internet activities and learn and employ software or other tools which can help their children enjoy the fun and entertainment of an on-line experience without compromising their personal safety or allowing them to use the Internet in a manner inconsistent with their parents ' preferences .
This website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only .
All matters relating to this website are governed by the laws of the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States and you contact us , please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by submitting information you explicitly authorize this transfer and the processing of this information within the United States .
Changes in our online privacy policy
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information gathered via this website .
Your consent to the terms of this privacy policy
By using this website , you signify your assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and this website 's Terms of Use .
If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use , please do not use this website or submit any personally identifiable information .
Your control over your information
You always have the right to review and update the information that you previously provided to us at this website .
You may contact us as described immediately below in order to arrange this or to ask us to remove you from our list of email addresses to which we send email newsletters .
All of our email newsletters also contain an unsubscribe link that you can click through to unsubscribe from future emails .
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our collection or use of information , please Contact Us .
You may also reach us by telephone at 1-800-248-7310 weekdays from 7:30 am - 5:30 p.m. Central Time .

This policy was last updated on July 24 , 2013 .
Your privacy is important to us .
By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBB EU Safe Harbor Program , we have made a commitment to meet the programs ' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by the Safe Harbor Program .
Below is the B & H privacy and security policy :
In an effort to protect your personal information , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology with 128 bit encryption .
If your browser supports SSL ( most current browsers do ) , it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site , before sending it over the Internet .
B & H has obtained a digital certificate from Cybertrust , a leading provider of Internet trust services .
B & H 's website is also tested and certified daily by ScanAlert to receive its Hacker Safe Certification which ensures that the website passes the FBI/SANS Internet Security Test .
When visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information , the bottom of your browser window will display , an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key ( depending upon your browser ) .
This indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server .
To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information , you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate .
Some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers .
In that case , we suggest that you visit the B & H super store , or contact us by phone , or fax your order to us .
When you visit our site , we will ask your browser to place a permanent `` cookie '' ( a very small text file ) on your computer .
If your browser is configured to accept cookies , it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer 's hard drive .
We collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site .
We also collect certain technical information from your computer , like your IP address and the address of a referring web site , if any .
This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer 's preferences .
This information is used only for the benefit of B & H and you , our customer .
You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so .
However , please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies .
To visit our site without cookies , you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set .
Check the browsers help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences .
In order to identify who you are , we suggest that you register and log-in when you visit our site .
This allows us to provide you with your `` Order Status '' and other information that is uniquely yours .
How to access and/or correct Your Information
You can access all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by phoning 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 , USA ) , or via e-mail .
We use this procedure to safeguard your information .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error .
If you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address , we retain this information as well .
You can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above .
Such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes , but will not be sold to any third parties .
What information is collected
When you choose to place an order with us , you are invited to log in ( optional ) , so that we can identify who you are .
As a newcomer , it will be suggested that you register for future identification .
The registration page asks you to enter your name , a user ID , a password , and your e-mail address .
You can update this information at any time by clicking on the `` my account '' link at the top of every page and selecting `` update account information . ''
When you decide to place an order , you are asked to complete an order form .
The order form requires your name , billing and shipping address , credit card number , expiration date and CID # .
You should also include other information fields such as your telephone number , to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary .
This information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible .
It is used only for the benefit of B & H and you , our customer .
Our site contains links to manufacturers , and other related sites for your benefit .
B & H is not responsible for the privacy practices , security , or content of such web sites .
If you click on one of these links , you will be redirected to their web site and , in doing so , you may provide information directly to them .
Therefore , you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices you have .
B & H maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners .
For your security or benefit , when you make a purchase , we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification , fraud prevention , credit card authorization , and shipping purposes .
B & H may share account or other information when we are required by law ( e.g. , in response to subpoenas , court orders , etc . ) or to protect our interests or property .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , credit bureaus , agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection .
You agree that B & H may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks .
Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information .
B & H also shares information with outside companies that perform services for B & H .
For example , when a customer signs up for our e-mail newsletters , B & H will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on behalf of B & H .
Your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for B & H .
We may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes .
B & H takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes .
B & H has carefully selected a few companies to assist us in better understanding how our customers use our site .
We will place cookies on your computer to collect information .
The information that is collected through these cookies tells us things , such as which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our site , which pages you browsed , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and e-mails .
The companies analyze the information they collect from our site and return it to us through a secure connection .
We use this information to help us understand your interests in our site and how to better serve you .
It also helps us provide you with more personalized product offerings .
For more information about the companies with whom B & H shares customer information , please contact us .
Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution Program
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , B & H commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should contact :
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp .
New York , New York 10001
B & H has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
B & H has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
We may use your information in a number of ways , including the following :
In order to serve you better , we may combine the information you provide us online , in our superstore and through our catalogues .
We use that information to improve your overall shopping experience .
To improve the content on our Web site .
For example , we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often .
To enhance your online shopping experience .
For marketing and promotional purposes .
Mail & SPAM Issues
You may request to receive the B & H catalogue , brochure periodically by mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you .
B & H will never SPAM or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site .
Registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request .
Please contact us via e-mail , by telephone 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , By Fax 212-239-7549 , or via mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 .
Enclose a copy of the mailing label ) .
Include your name , address , and other information as it appears on the mailing label , and indicate `` Do not mail '' .
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13 .
If Security or privacy is still of concern to you
If you do not want to receive promotional email from B & H , please click here
Note : Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed .
Please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal .
Our transaction security , combined with our privacy guarantee , should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering .
Keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with B & H .
You can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the Internet .
Just complete our on-line order form , print , and fax it to us .
If you prefer , you can always call 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , and place your order by telephone .
We encourage you to visit the B & H midtown Manhattan super store and deal directly with one of the B & H professionally trained sales associates .
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this web site , you can contact our Web Support Team .
Changes to B & H Privacy Policy
By visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site .
If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying all third party companies to whom B & H may have disclosed , within the past year , personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed .
To obtain this information , please e-mail your request to : Click here
Please allow 30 days for a response .

Effective July 15 , 2013 :
Table of Contents :
USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
BibleGateway.com ( `` Bible Gateway '' or `` we '' ) , a division of The Zondervan Corporation , a HarperCollins Christian Publishing company , wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( `` apps '' ) , and widgets ( collectively , the `` Bible Gateway Services '' ) .
By using Bible Gateway Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Bible Gateway Services are predominantly for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Bible Gateway Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Bible Gateway Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Bible Gateway Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to Bible Gateway 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Bible Gateway 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Bible Gateway and our service providers collect the following information from and about you :
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Bible Gateway Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Bible Gateway Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to a Bible Gateway Service through a social media service or connect a Bible Gateway Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Bible Gateway Services through social media services or when you connect a Bible Gateway Service to social media services , you are authorizing Bible Gateway to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you access and interact with the Bible Gateway Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Bible Gateway Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Bible Gateway Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Bible Gateway Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support the Bible Gateway Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Bible Gateway Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Bible Gateway does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Bible Gateway Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Bible Gateway Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Bible Gateway Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Bible Gateway Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Bible Gateway Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content , and participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Bible Gateway Services .
Bible Gateway may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Bible Gateway Services .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Bible Gateway Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Bible Gateway Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Bible Gateway Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Bible Gateway Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Bible Gateway Services .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( `` Co-Branded Services '' ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on Bible Gateway Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
Bible Gateway and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Bible Gateway Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To contact you .
Bible Gateway may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Bible Gateway Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Bible Gateway Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Bible Gateway Affiliates .
Bible Gateway may share your information with Bible Gateway Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
A link to a website that lists Bible Gateway Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy .
Users who visit Bible Gateway Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
Bible Gateway may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of Bible Gateway and others .
There may be instances when Bible Gateway may disclose your information , including situations where Bible Gateway has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Bible Gateway , our Bible Gateway Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Bible Gateway Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If The Zondervan Corporation sells all or part of its Bible Gateway division or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , The Zondervan Corporation may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Bible Gateway uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
In your request , please ( i ) include your email address , name , address , telephone number , and the Bible Gateway Service to which you provided the information and ( ii ) specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Bible Gateway may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Bible Gateway Services .
Location of Data .
The Bible Gateway Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The Bible Gateway Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
Bible Gateway is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the Bible Gateway Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( `` Payment Service '' ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Bible Gateway Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at :
Mail : Legal Department/Privacy Policy
10 East 53rd Street
New York , NY 10022

The blue social bookmark and publication sharing system .
# Using BibSonomy implies agreement with these Terms of Use and the Privacy Statement .
The Terms of Use and the Privacy Statement may be changed without notice .
It is the user 's responsibility to check the Terms of Use and the Privacy Statement periodically .
BibSonomy is a social bookmarking service which can be used free of charge .
BibSonomy does not give any warranties regarding data integrity , availability , fitness for a particular purpose , or quality of content .
Users give BibSonomy the right to publish the content they post in the system .
BibSonomy is not responsible for content posted by users .
Users are solely responsible for the content they publish .
Users will not use BibSonomy in a fashion which may corrupt the service or threaten the privacy of other users , including , but not limited to :
Posting content in order to promote certain web sites in search engine rankings ( spam )
Posting content in order to establish commercial transactions ( advertisement )
Hacking or trying to obtain passwords of other users
Denial of service attacks against BibSonomy
Automatic harvesting of BibSonomy contents
Giving account information to third parties .
Users may be excluded from the system temporarily or permanently if considered to be violating the Terms of Use or the Privacy Statement .
Content posted by users may be deleted or withheld from the public pages of BibSonomy if considered to be violating the Terms of Service or the Privacy Statement .
# BibSonomy is run by the the Knowledge and Data Engineering team of the University of Kassel as a research project .
Concerning the collection of private data BibSonomy is subject to the regulations of the Hessischen Datenschutzgesetzt and the Telemediengesetz of which 33 HDSG has central importance .
In order to carry out the research , BibSonomy collects more data of its users and analyzes it in a greater extend than commercial web applications would do .
The information is being used to provide and improve recommendation services , spam detection or ranking functions and also for the design of privacy aspects in bookmarking systems .
Results can later be applied to other web 2.0 applications .
Since science is an open process the options for the data 's usage can not be finalized or completed .
For BibSonomy , however , there is no interest in the real person behind the userprofile .
The information will not be used for advertising .
BibSonomy will not give information about the user to third parties .
The only exception to this rule are other research groups , which can achieve a part of the data set , and use it for their own research and to revise the findings of the BibSonomy project .
This data is made pseudonymous though .
Unregistered and anonymous users
# In line with the usage of BibSonomy the following data is gathered and processed to provide the system 's services and to collect statistical information : the name of the requested site , the time of the request , the size of transfered data , the protocol message , if the request was successful , the referrer url and the cookie with its session id .
Additionally , the ip adress of the calling computer is stored for research purposes , eg . for developing spam detection algorithms .
In order to analyse the user behaviour , which is being explored to create new algorithms and to evaluate them , BibSonomy uses a click-log functionality , which stores every user click on a link within BibSonomy .
Indeed , BibSonomy does neither have the resource nor the intent to relate this data with the person behind the user .
# In the line of the registration BibSonomy collects the following data for the ground of contract of use , which might make conclusions to the identity of the user possible and with that also represent personal data of the user : the nickname , password and email adress .
The nickname and password are used to secure the access to the user 's account .
The nickname itself is also part of the entered bookmarks and publications , which were marked public .
The email adress is used for research in the field of spam discovery and is also used for the process of the activation of the user account in order to prevent the abuse of extrinsical information .
The email adress or other registration data wont be circulated to third parties .
# During the usage BibSonomy collects the following data , which may allow for drawing conclusions and so might represent personal information : Information for the authorization process like username and password , or begin and end of a session , the name of the requested file , timestamp of entered and requested data , the size of the data transmitted , the success of transactions , the referrer url and session cookies which contain user ids .
For research reasons the ip adress of the requesting systems is going to be stored .
All the data is used to investigate matters of design aspects of data privacy , spam detection , ranking , recommendation or the overall improvement of the system .
BibSonomy makes the collected data excluding the username , password and ip adress available for other research facilities for scientific work in pseudonymous form .
It can not be categorically ruled out , that these prepared information ca n't be connected to a concrete user within the system by comparison of the data set with the published entries of this user .
If users are active using their real names as user names or their identity emerge from their public entries , BibSonomy can not eliminate the possibility of personal references .
# The entries created by a BibSonomy user during the process of using the system , i.e . the bookmarks and the links to posted literature , are used to provide the offered functionality to store the information for the same user for later access or in case of public entries for access of others including the possibility to copy the entries for his or her own collection .
Public entries are used for research purposes like the creation of rankings and tag clouds and are processed during search in combination with the user who owns this entry and the user who started the search .
Additionally there is the possibility for registered users to access and download public entries by using the programming api .
The entries are being used for research purposes in fields like spam detection , recommender functions and are part of the data set , which BibSonomy makes available in pseudonymous form for other research facilities .
If users end their memberships by deleting their user accounts , their entries are locked and can not be accessed by users .
The entries are stored , but will only be used for research purposes .
# BibSonomy is free of advertisment .
No personal information will be used for assigning personalized advertisments and will be circulated to third parties for purposes of advertising .
# This privacy protection policy applies only for the collection of personal data by BibSonomy , but not for the service providers which are referenced within the entries of BibSonomy or other external web sites .
# Users have the right to request information about the personal data connected to their username or person which is stored in BibSonomy free of charge .

Effective Date : June 30 , 2012
It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information .
Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy .
Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites .
The Information We Collect and Use
A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are .
This is `` Non-Personally Identifiable Information . ''
It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave .
It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click .
We may place a `` cookie '' on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites .
There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies .
You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites .
We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as `` 1x1 clear pixel , '' `` web beacon '' or `` clear GIF '' ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site .
No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or web beacons nor do we allow third-party companies to collect such information from cookies or web beacons on our Website .
We may , however , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you visit our Website .
These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use cookies or third party web beacons to collect this information .
B . Personally Identifiable Information .
We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us .
For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number .
You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use [ make link ] , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites .
When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us .
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested .
The emails that we send contain links that enable you to `` unsubscribe '' from such mailings .
We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below .
From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes .
These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information .
We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services .
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred .
We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person .
Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us .
We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information .
But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk .
We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely .
We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country .
The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy .
This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 .
Access to your information
Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) .
How to Contact Us
You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address :
New York , NY 10003
Changes To The Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June , 2011 .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes .
In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites .
Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes .

OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
A & E Television Networks , LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities ( collectively , ( `` AETN '' ) realize the importance of respecting and protecting your privacy .
This privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) discloses the information that AETN gathers on the network of web sites that AETN owns and/or operates ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) , as well as ways in which AETN processes and , sometimes , shares such information and how you can correct or change that information .
The Sites also include versions designed for browsing on mobile devices .
Except where otherwise expressly indicated herein or on a Site , this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected outside of the Sites .
Before using or submitting information to any of the Sites , please review this Privacy Policy carefully .
Certain areas of AETN 's Sites contain information intended only for users who create an account , join or otherwise register to use any of the Sites ( `` Registered Users '' ) and AETN reserves the right to limit these areas to Registered Users .
This Privacy Policy addresses AETN 's privacy practices relating to general use of the Sites , as well as use of the Sites by Registered Users .
AETN collects the following types of information from users of the Sites :
AETN may receive and store any information that you enter on any of the Sites or provide to AETN in any other way that would allow AETN to identify you or contact you ( collectively `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
The Personally Identifiable Information that you provide will be used by AETN only in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Examples of Personally Identifiable Information AETN may collect from you and use are :
your name , address , phone number ( s ) , e-mail address , date of birth , nationality and gender if you are a Registered User or are otherwise asked to provide such information ;
the e-mail addresses of those who post comments , stories , photos , videos and other content on the Sites ;
the names and e-mail addresses of those who communicate with AETN by e-mail ;
the names and e-mail addresses of those who specifically opt-in to special offers ;
information you provide to AETN in surveys , in connection with contests or sweepstakes which AETN sponsors and/or in response to solicitations for photographs , ideas or stories for use on a Site and/or on air ;
information you provide to AETN in the entry form for some sweepstakes and contests offered on the Sites and information provided by winners of those sweepstakes and contests for a required background check or for tax purposes ;
in certain circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number ( or comparable national identifier ) and driver 's license number when needed for payment information in connection with a purchase made through any of the Sites ;
information about your family or friends , including , but not limited to , the name , address , phone number ( s ) , e-mail address , date of birth , nationality and gender of any family member or friend , that you provide in connection with your use of any Site or any feature thereof ;
information you provide about yourself , including , but not limited to your name , e-mail address , date of birth , nationality , gender and preferences , that you provide when you register ; and
information you provide about yourself when you post to any Site .
You can choose not to provide AETN with certain Personally Identifiable Information , but then you may not be able to take advantage of many features of the Sites , such as posting comments , registering to use certain restricted areas of the Sites , participating in AETN 's online community , entering a sweepstakes or contest on any of the Sites , participating in various promotional opportunities or receiving e-mail alerts or newsletters .
AETN may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with AETN through the Sites .
We automatically receive and record your browser information , operating system information , IP address , cookie information and the page you requested .
This information will not be stored in a manner that is personally identifiable with you and may include the following :
( a ) Aggregate Information
In connection with your visit to any of the Sites , AETN may automatically collect usage information , such as the numbers and frequency of users and their characteristics and information about similar groups of users , such as parents , certain age groups or users that live in a particular geographical area .
This data is only used in the aggregate as a statistical measure and not in a manner that would identify you personally .
Aggregate information generally is collected through the use of cookies and Web Beacons as discussed below .
( b ) Cookies
AETN uses `` cookies '' to help you access and navigate the Sites more efficiently and to statistically monitor how many people are using the Sites .
A `` cookie '' is a small file or tool stored on your hard drive containing information that allows AETN to deliver customized information to you .
If you become a Registered User , AETN may use cookies to store your e-mail address , user name , preferences and password so that AETN can identify you when you return to the Sites , track your use of the Sites and customize the Sites for you .
You may set your browser to notify you of or decline the receipt of cookies .
Certain features of the Sites may not , however , function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies .
AETN uses both `` session '' and `` persistent '' cookies on the Sites .
Session cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your web browser or turn off your computer .
Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie .
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of reasons , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( i.e. , username and password ) , helping to determine what areas of the Sites you find most valuable and customizing the Sites based on your preferences on an ongoing basis .
Many companies offer programs that help you to visit web sites anonymously .
While AETN will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if AETN can not recognize you , AETN wants you to be aware that these programs are available .
( c ) Web Beacons
During your use of the Sites , you may encounter Web Beacons , which may come from AETN or from third parties that advertise or provide content on the Sites .
A `` Web Beacon '' ( sometimes also called a `` web bug '' or `` clear gif '' ) is a small graphic image in a web page , a web-based document or an e-mail message that generally allows the party that set the Web Beacon to monitor certain information about the viewer of the web page , web-based document or e-mail message and may allow access to certain cookies .
Web Beacons are usually invisible to the user because they are very small ( generally 1-by-1 pixel ) .
In general , however , any electronic image viewed as part of a web page , including an advertisement , can act as a Web Beacon .
Web Beacons on the Sites typically collect the URL of the page from which the Web Beacon originates , the type of browser requesting the Web Beacon , the IP address of the computer to which the Web Beacon is sent and the time that the Web Beacon was viewed .
Certain Web Beacons used by third party advertisers or content providers may collect information that allows such third parties to determine how many people are viewing and/or clicking on certain advertisements or viewing certain content for purposes of helping these parties serve and manage their advertisements and content .
These Web Beacons do not collect or store Personally Identifiable Information but they may , however , be used in conjunction with cookies to identify certain aggregate information about users .
( d ) Information Collected by Third Parties
AETN may allow third parties to display advertisements on the Sites .
AETN and these third parties may use tracking technologies , such as cookies and Web Beacons , to collect information about users who view or interact with these advertisements and connect to the Sites .
( e ) Ad Servers
AETN , its partners and/or advertisers may use third party ad servers to serve or present the ads that appear on the Sites and to conduct research about the advertisements .
Any of these ad servers may collect non-personal information , such as your browser , operating system , date/time of viewing , IP address and clickstream data .
AETN can not control the activities of such advertisers or web sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH AD SERVERS .
Below is a representative list of ad servers and a link to their privacy policies .
For more information , visit the sites listed below .
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) is a cooperative group of ad serving providers .
The NAI has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere .
The NAI is committed to providing consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally .
( f ) E-mail Communications
When you send an e-mail to AETN , either through the Contact Us button on a Site or otherwise , AETN may retain your e-mail address and the contents of the e-mail that you send .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to AETN by e-mail .
Please refer to AETN 's Terms of Use for AETN 's policy with respect to such information .
If you want to keep the information in your e-mail ( s ) or posting ( s ) private or proprietary , please do not send such information in an e-mail or otherwise post such information to AETN .
To help AETN make its e-mails more interesting and helpful , AETN also may receive a confirmation when you open an e-mail from AETN if your computer supports this type of program .
HOW AETN USES INFORMATION
When you provide AETN with your Personally Identifiable Information , AETN may use it to manage AETN 's registry of Registered Users , facilitate communication between AETN and you and/or between Registered Users of the Sites , notify you of features or special events and provide you with other information AETN feels may be of interest to you .
AETN also uses information collected to customize , analyze , adjust and improve the Sites to meet AETN 's users ' needs and expectations .
AETN also may use the information to oversee adherence to AETN 's Community Guidelines which are provided in the Terms of Use for each of the Sites to enforce AETN 's agreements with you , to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities and for other legally permissible purposes .
These uses of your Personally Identifiable Information may include , without limitation , the following :
The Sites feature groups , discussions , member profiles , comment areas , blogs and similar areas where users can share information about themselves and their opinions , as well as post questions ( `` Public Areas '' ) .
Other visitors to the Sites may view information posted in Public Areas .
Further , AETN may include all or a portion of the information posted in Public Areas in the newsletters described in this Privacy Policy .
By using the Public Areas , you hereby acknowledge and agree that any information you share in a Public Area ( including , without limitation , Personally Identifiable Information ) is available to the public .
Information you post to a Public Area may be viewed , accessed , or collected by , or disclosed to , third parties and may be used by others in ways neither you nor AETN are able to control or predict , including , without limitation , to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
The Sites offer the ability to forward content to another person via e-mail .
If you use this service , AETN will use the recipient 's e-mail address in order to send the content and AETN will also ask for your e-mail address AETN does not use the recipient 's e-mail address for any other purpose unless the recipient gives AETN permission to do so .
If you have access to certain areas of the Sites because you are a Registered User ( `` Registered User Areas '' ) , the Registered User Areas may contain groups , discussions , member profiles , comment areas , blogs and similar areas where Registered Users can share information about themselves and their opinions , as well as post questions .
Information you post to a Registered User Area may be viewed , accessed , or collected by , or disclosed to , other Registered Users and may be used by other Registered Users in ways neither you nor AETN are able to control or predict , including , without limitation , disclosure of your information to the public or to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
AETN uses the Personally Identifiable Information you provide when registering to become a Registered User to send you AETN publications , information about Registered User benefits and special offers , features included in the Registered User Areas and other information that AETN believes is relevant and useful to its Registered Users .
By using the Registered User Areas , you hereby acknowledge and agree that any information you share in a Registered User Area ( including , without limitation , Personally Identifiable Information ) is available to other Registered Users and to AETN for use as provided herein .
If you register to become a Registered User of any Site , the information that you provide to AETN may be stored in one or more profiles .
These profiles , or a portion thereof , may be viewed by other visitors , including , but not limited to those who are not Registered Users of the Site .
If you register at any of the Sites , you may choose to receive a newsletter via e-mail from AETN which may include information such as highlights from different areas on any of the Sites and information about new features .
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of any e-mail newsletter sent to you and following the instructions .
You also may unsubscribe at any time by logging in to the applicable Site where you created your profile and changing your preferences .
The aggregate information collected by AETN also is used to create profiles of the audience for the Sites that include anonymous statistical demographic information but no Personally Identifiable Information .
This aggregated information is used to , among other things , determine trends and needs and supply market research to potential advertisers and partners to help them understand the Sites ' audiences .
For example , AETN may create a report that tells advertisers that sixty percent of AETN 's Registered Users are females in a certain age range , so that they can determine which of their products or services are most appropriate for AETN 's Registered Users .
WITH WHOM AETN SHARES INFORMATION
AETN reserves the right to use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you periodic e-mailings with information on new products and services , updates to AETN 's Sites or upcoming events .
If you `` opt in '' to receive information about identified advertisers or their services or products , AETN may share your Personally Identifiable Information with them .
If you have questions about how these companies use your Personally Identifiable Information , AETN encourages you to review and understand their respective privacy policies .
You may at any time `` opt out '' of having your Personally Identifiable Information as part of AETN 's marketing mailing list or otherwise ( see `` Opting Out '' below ) .
From time to time , in AETN 's sole discretion , AETN may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you important administrative information regarding the Sites and related services or changes to AETN 's Terms and policies .
Because this information may be important to your use of the Sites and related services , you may not opt out of receiving such communications .
AETN may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with AETN 's Privacy Policy on AETN 's behalf .
Examples include customer support specialists , web hosting companies , fulfillment companies ( e.g. , companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings ) , data analysis firms and e-mail service providers .
Sweepstakes , Contests and Editorial Uses
Often times , sweepstakes , contests and giveaways ( together , `` Contests '' ) offered on the Sites are sponsored by unaffiliated third parties .
Information that you provide as part of an entry into a Contest sponsored by an unaffiliated third party will be shared with the sponsor if AETN advises you of such in the Contest 's official rules .
Some Contests also may require consent to the release of information contained within the entry form for background check purposes or tax purposes if you become a winner .
You should carefully review the official rules of each Contest that you enter as they may contain additional important information about AETN 's or the Contest sponsor 's use of your Personally Identifiable Information .
AETN also may use your Personally Identifiable Information in response to a solicitation for editorial , online and/or on-air purposes and for marketing and promotional purposes in connection with such solicitation .
If such information is used online , on a mobile application or in a telecast , no Personally Identifiable Information , other than name , city and state , will be disclosed without your specific consent .
AETN may share the information with producers of AETN 's programs and/or with others involved if you have explicitly advised AETN of your consent to be included in such an exchange .
Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection
AETN may disclose any information , including without limitation Personally Identifiable Information , that AETN deems necessary , in its sole discretion and without your prior permission , to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request .
AETN also may exchange information , including without limitation Personally Identifiable Information , with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection , risk reduction and related activities or to protect the rights , property of safety of AETN and its agents , employees or affiliates or others .
AETN reserves the right to disclose a user 's Personally Identifiable Information if AETN believes the user is in violation of AETN 's Terms of Use , even without a subpoena , warrant or other court order .
Sale or Transfer of Information
In the event of a sale , merger , liquidation , dissolution or sale or transfer of substantially all of the assets of AETN or any Site , personal Information and/or other information collected about you from the Sites may be sold , assigned or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity and/or assets of AETN or any Site in order to permit the party to continue the operation of the applicable Site , including the Registered User Areas .
Subject to your ability to opt-out , you consent to the sale and transfer of your information as described in this paragraph .
Accessing , Updating or Deleting your Personally Identifiable Information
If you are a Registered User and would like to review , update or delete your profile , please log in to and select the profile in which you would like to review , modify or delete information ( i.e. , the Personally Identifiable Information you have provided to us ) .
AETN is not in a position at this time to provide you with a copy of information that you have provided in response to a market survey or copies of communications you have sent to AETN 's site ( e.g. , inquiries ) .
AETN respects the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information .
If you tell AETN that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you , AETN will respect your wishes .
You also may choose not to provide AETN with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of the Sites .
You may instruct AETN to stop sending you certain promotional materials ( e.g. , e-mail messages , newsletters , postcards and letters ) by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in those materials .
AETN may , however , continue to contact you to provide service to your account .
Please note that if you use more than one name or e-mail address when communicating with AETN or participating on the Sites , you may continue to receive communications from AETN to any name and/or e-mail address which you have not specified in your opt-out request .
AETN provides you with the following options for removing your Personally Identifiable Information from AETN 's database for marketing purposes :
You can send mail to the following postal address :
A & E Television Networks , LLC
Attention : Digital Media Counsel , Legal & Business Affairs
235 East 45th Street
New York , NY 10017
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES , PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION
The Sites contain links to third-party web sites .
Please be aware that AETN can not control and is not responsible for the information collection practices of such web sites , which may differ from those of AETN .
AETN encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of these web sites before providing any information to them .
The Sites may make groups , discussions , chat rooms , forums and message boards available to users ( see `` Public Areas '' described above ) .
While you are required to register with the Sites to post in these areas , you are not required to provide any Personally Identifiable Information when using these areas but you may choose to do so .
If you post Personally Identifiable Information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
AETN can not ensure the security of any information that you choose to make public in a group , discussion , chat room , forum or message board .
Also , AETN can not ensure that parties who have access to such Personally Identifiable Information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose Personally Identifiable Information in these areas .
AETN maintains a variety of commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For example , AETN uses accepted tools and techniques to protect against unauthorized access to AETN 's systems .
You should be aware that AETN has no control over the security of other sites on the Internet that you might visit or with which you might interact even when a link may appear to another site from one of the Sites .
AETN wants you to feel confident using the Sites but no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although AETN takes steps to secure your information , AETN does not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches or other communications will always remain secure .
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your information , including your Personally Identifiable Information , AETN will notify you as necessary and if possible so you can take appropriate protective steps .
AETN may notify you under such circumstances using the e-mail address ( es ) that AETN has on record for you and/or by regular mail ( if available ) .
You also should carefully handle and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information .
Each of the Sites is a general audience site and is not intended for children under 13 .
AETN requires that only persons 13 years of age or older use any of the Sites .
By using the Sites , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old .
AETN does not knowingly market to , solicit information , accept service or collect information from children under the age of 13 .
The Sites may ask users for their birth dates to ensure that the Sites are not collecting information from children under age 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under age 18 .
When a Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from children or offers a service directed toward children , it will comply with applicable laws , including the U.S. Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
At any time without prior notice , AETN may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in AETN 's practices .
When AETN posts changes to this Privacy Policy , AETN will revise the `` Last Updated '' date at the top of this page .
If AETN makes any material change to this Privacy Policy , AETN will notify each Registered User by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address provided to AETN in a Registered User 's account , profile and/or registration and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Sites .
AETN will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of any materially changed Privacy Policy .
AETN encourages you to bookmark this Privacy Policy and to periodically review it to inform yourself of changes to it or any of AETN 's other policies .
Any changes to AETN 's Privacy Policy will become effective upon AETN 's posting of the updated policy .
Use of any of the Sites constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy then in effect .
California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83
If you are a resident of California ( `` California Users '' ) , in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy , you generally have the right to request information from AETN regarding the manner in which AETN shares certain categories of Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Under the law , however , a business is not required to provide this information if it adopts and discloses to the public ( in its privacy policy ) a policy of not disclosing customer 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure , as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy .
Rather , the business may comply with the law by notifying California Users of their rights to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right .
Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party , your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information , you will need to contact the third party directly , as AETN has no control over how third parties use information .
You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how it will handle your information .
Please note that AETN is only required to respond to one request per customer each year .
AETN is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address
Users From Outside the United States
By visiting any of AETN 's Sites , submitting information or using any of AETN 's products or services , you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use AETN 's Sites .
The Sites are controlled and operated by AETN from the United States .
AETN does not represent or warrant that the Sites , or any part thereof , are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the Sites do so on their own initiative and at their own risk , and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
You also are subject to United States export controls in connection with your use of the Sites and/or services related thereto and are responsible for any violations of such controls , including , without limitation , any United States embargoes or other federal rules and regulations restricting exports .
AETN may limit the availability of the Sites , in whole or in part , to any person , geographic area or jurisdiction that AETN chooses , at any time and in AETN 's sole discretion .
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of AETN 's Sites or your dealings with us , please feel free to contact AETN at :
A & E Television Networks , LLC , 235 East 45th Street , New York , NY 10017 , Attn : Digital Media Counsel , Legal & Business Affairs
Fax : ( 212 ) 907-9497 , Attn : Digital Media - Privacy Policy Feedback

BioMed Central 's policy for protecting your personal information
Privacy is an important concern for internet users , and is something that BioMed Central takes very seriously .
What follows is an explanation of BioMed Central 's policy for protecting users ' personal information .
What personal information does BioMed Central ask users to supply , and why
Registration on BioMed Central is optional and voluntary .
Browsing and viewing articles on BioMed Central does not require any personal information to be submitted from users .
Nor do these functions require the user 's browser to be set to accept cookies .
Some other aspects of BioMed Central 's service and other services published on BioMed Central do require the use of cookies , and the supply of information such as name , email etc .
This is necessary for security reasons and also for BioMed Central to be able to assure standards of scientific integrity .
Users may submit further personal information ( e.g . details of research areas of interest ) in order to take advantage of present and future personalization facilities on BioMed Central .
In accordance with European Union guidelines , registrants may decline to provide the information requested .
They should be advised , however , that BioMed Central may be unable to deliver its services unless at least the information necessary for security and identification purposes is provided .
What further information does BioMed Central track , and why
In order to offer the best possible service to users , BioMed Central tracks the patterns of usage of pages on the site .
This enables us to identify the most popular articles and services .
Where users have provided details of their research areas of interest , this information can be correlated , helping BioMed Central to provide a useful service for scientists , offering them the most relevant information based on their areas of interest .
What is BioMed Central 's policy on sharing email addresses with third parties
User information will only be shared with third parties with the explicit consent of the user .
If the user has explicitly opted to receive special offer and product information emails from BioMed Central partners , then BioMed Central may from time to time email the user on behalf of these partner companies .
However , these companies will not be given the user 's details without that user 's explicit consent .
What is BioMed Central 's policy on emailing its registered members
BioMed Central may contact members from time to time to draw the member 's attention to information that may be of interest .
Members may opt out from receiving such email when registering as a member , or at any time thereafter by responding to such an email or contacting customer services .
What is BioMed Central 's policy on using demographic information about users for online advertising purposes
Support from advertisers is important to BioMed Central 's model of free access to research articles .
Statistical demographic information about the BioMed Central membership may be supplied to advertisers .
BioMed Central may target online advertising to specific users on the basis of this demographic information , or on the basis of their past behavior on the site , but information about an individual user will not be passed on to an advertiser without the users ' express consent .
Articles on BioMed Central will be published electronically immediately upon acceptance .
So , the issue of having an 'embargo ' on controversial or publicity-sensitive material in the temporal gap between acceptance and publication is not an issue for BioMed Central .
Journalists , like everyone else , will have access to published material immediately upon acceptance .
How does this privacy policy relate to authors of research articles published through BioMed Central
Publishing a scientific manuscript is inherently a public ( as opposed to anonymous ) process .
The name and email address of all authors of a BioMed Central manuscript will be available to users of BioMed Central .
These details are made available in this way purely to facilitate scientific communication .
Collecting these email addresses for commercial use is not permitted , nor will BioMed Central itself send unsolicited email to authors , unless it directly concerns the article that they have published on BioMed Central and/or the journal in which the article was published .
BioMed Central reserves the right to disclose members ' personal information if required to do so by law , or in the good faith and belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process , respond to claims , or protect the rights , property or safety of BioMed Central , employees or members .
Who should I contact if I have any questions or concerns about my privacy
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy and BioMed Central please contact our customer services team .
Sign up for article alerts
Follow us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook

As used herein , `` Bitstamp '' refers to the company Bitstamp Limited , including without limitation thereby , its owners , directors , investors , employees or other related parties .
Depending upon context , `` Bitstamp '' may also refer to the services , products , Site , content or other materials ( collectively , `` Materials '' ) provided by Bitstamp.Bitstamp and its affiliates ( hereinafter , `` Bitstamp '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This Privacy Policy ( together with our Terms of Use ) governs our collection , processing and use of your Personal Information .
We define `` Personal Information '' as information that identifies you personally , e.g . your name , address , e-mail address , trades , banking details , etc.The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of :
The kinds of Personal Information which we may collect about you and how it may be used ;
Our use of information regarding IP Addresses and our use of cookies ;
Any disclosure of Personal Information to third parties ;
The transfer of Personal Information outside of the EU ;
Your ability to correct , update and delete your Personal Information ;
The security measures we have in place to prevent the loss , misuse , or alteration of Personal Information under our control ; and
Retention of Personal Information .
GATHERING AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect your Personal Information if you use the Site , open an Account to use the Platform or perform any Transactions on the Platform .
The types of Personal Information that we collect may include :
Your photographic identification , including a high quality image of your government issued ID ; passport , national ID card , and EU driving licence ;
Your e-mail address ;
Your banking details including account numbers ;
Your date of birth ;
Your trades ; and
Your utility bill or bank statement confirming your residential address .
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes :
To personalize your experience ( your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs ) ;
To improve our website ( we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you ) ;
To analyze use of our Site ;
To improve customer service ( your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs ;
To undertake a verification or your identity with our third party electronic identification provider as per the Money Laundering Regulations 2007 and AML policy .
To process transactions .
Your information , whether public or private , will not be sold , exchanged , or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever , without your consent , other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer ;
To send periodic emails .
The email address you provide for order processing , may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request , in addition to receiving occasional company news , updates , promotions , related product or service information , etc . ;
To administer a contest , promotion , survey or other site feature .
We will process your Personal Information only for the purpose ( s ) for which it has been provided to us .
We may collect information about your computer , including where available your IP address , operating system and browser type , for system administration .
This is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual .
The Bitstamp site is using cookies .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit .
They are widely used in order to make websites work , or work more efficiently , as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.Cookies are typically stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Information collected from cookies is used by us to evaluate the effectiveness of our Site , analyze trends , and administer the Platform .
The information collected from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Site are most visited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our Site .
With this knowledge , we can improve the quality of your experience on the Platform by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and information , as well as by resolving access difficulties .
We also use cookies and/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs , which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of , and response to , our emails and to provide you with a more personalized experience when using our Site.We use third party service provider ( s ) , to assist us in better understanding the use of our Site .
Our service provider ( s ) will place cookies on the hard drive of your computer and will receive information that we select that will educate us on such things as how visitors navigate around our site , what products are browsed , and general Transaction information .
Our service provider ( s ) analyses this information and provides us with aggregate reports .
The information and analysis provided by our service provider ( s ) will be used to assist us in better understanding our visitors ' interests in our Site and how to better serve those interests .
The information collected by our service provider ( s ) may be linked to and combined with information that we collect about you while you are using the Platform .
Our service provider ( s ) is/are contractually restricted from using information they receive from our Site other than to assist us.By using our Site you are agreeing that we may use cookies for the purposes set out above .
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information for the purposes indicated at the time you provide us with such information , and/or otherwise for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and/or as otherwise permitted by law.You acknowledge that by using our Services and Your acceptance of these Terms of Use that you will be providing us with Personal Information .
You consent to us disclosing that information where we are required by law to third parties for electronic identification purposes as outlined above.Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing , advertising , or other uses.Any third party that receives or has access to Personal Information shall be required by us to protect such Personal Information and to use it only to carry out the services they are performing for you or for Bitstamp , unless otherwise required or permitted by law .
We will ensure that any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and we will enter into contracts with such third parties by which they are bound by terms no less protective of any Personal Information disclosed to them than the obligations we undertake to you under this Privacy Policy or which are imposed on us under applicable data protection laws .
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF THE EU
Bitstamp does not transfer Member 's Personal Information outside of the EEA .
Occasionally , at our discretion , we may include or offer third party products or services on our website .
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies .
We encourage you to review all policies , rules , terms and regulations , including the privacy policies , of each site that you visit .
Nonetheless , we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.We do not control those third party sites or any of the content contained therein and you agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third party sites , including , without limitation , their content , policies , failures , promotions , products , services or actions and/or any damages , losses , failures or problems caused by , related to or arising from those sites .
CORRECTION/UPDATING/DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
This is known as a Subject Access Request under the Data Protection Act 1998 and We must provide the information within 40 days and Your must send us a L10 fee .
We have implemented security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Information and to protect your Personal Information from loss , misuse , alteration or destruction.We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request , place an order or access your personal information .
These security measures include : password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layered ) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities .
We offer the use of a secure server .
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems , and are required to keep the information confidential.Only authorized personnel of Bitstamp have access to your Personal Information , and these personnel are required to treat the information as confidential .
The security measures in place will , from time to time , be reviewed in line with legal and technical developments .
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will hold your Personal Information only for as long as it is necessary for us to do so , having regard to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and our own legal and regulatory obligations .
In accordance with our record keeping obligations we will retain Accounts and Personal Information for , at least a period of five years after they are closed by Users .
Our Site policies , content , information , promotions , disclosures , disclaimers and features may be revised , modified , updated , and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of Bitstamp .
If we change this Privacy Policy , we will take steps to notify all users by a notice on our Site and will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site .
Private Information : information which personally identifies you and is collected and used by Bitstamp as set out in this Privacy Policy and/or as otherwise permitted by law.Account : : access which is granted to Members as set out in our Term of Use.Platform : hardware and software technologies which are used by Bitstamp to provide Service as set out in our Terms of Use.Transaction : means ( i ) the agreement between the Buyer and the Seller to exchange Bitcoins through the Service for currencies at a commonly agreed rate ( `` Bitcoin Purchase Transaction '' ) , ( ii ) the conversion of currencies into Bitcoins deposited by Members on their account ( `` Conversion Transaction '' ) , ( iii ) the transfer of Bitcoins among Members ( `` Bitcoin Transfer Transaction '' ) , ( iv ) the transfer of currencies among Members ( `` Currency Transfer Transaction '' ) and ( v ) the purchase of ancillary products ( `` Purchase Transactions '' ) .
Bitstamp may not offer all of these types of transactions at this time or in all places .

Blackboard Inc. and its affiliates ( collectively `` Blackboard '' ) are committed to protecting the privacy of its users .
Because Blackboard gathers certain types of information about the users of the Services , we believe you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the use of the information we collect .
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Services .
If you are using any of the Services through an educational or other institution that is a customer of Blackboard , this policy does not supersede the terms of any agreements between Blackboard and any other party , nor does it affect the terms of any agreement between any user of the Services and their employer , their educational institution or any third party .
Please make sure that you read the terms of any privacy policies that you enter into with parties other than Blackboard , including your employer or educational institution , as those policies may also explain how your personal information is used by those parties .
Please review the following statement to understand how the information you provide to Blackboard through the Services will be treated .
You are free to utilize the Services without identifying yourself ; however , if you would like to utilize or customize some features of the Services , you must first register with Blackboard .
When you register , we will request certain personal information , including , but not limited to , contact information , such as your name , city and state , and e-mail address as well as demographic information such as your age , gender and interests .
This information better enables us to provide you with content relevant to your interests and provides us with aggregate data that Blackboard uses to improve the Services .
We may also ask you for information about your system or how you use Blackboard products and services .
Please see Section 5 , below , for information on how to access or update this information .
Blackboard gathers information about all users collectively , such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access most often .
Blackboard automatically logs IP addresses , session sources , and other data which tracks users ' access to the Services .
We analyze these logs for sales and marketing purposes as well as system performance monitoring .
These logs are analyzed for the aggregate trends they reveal about our customers and how the customers use the Services , not for the behaviors of individual users .
Purposes of Data Collection
Blackboard requests personal information for purposes such as the provision of customer service and support , billing , network management , customer surveys , sales management , support , newsletter subscriptions , user group memberships , event registration and sponsorship , offers of related services , and other exchanges of information .
What Blackboard does with the information it collects
Blackboard makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available in certain areas of the Services .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information , and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
The personal information you supply to Blackboard will not be given , sold , rented , loaned , or otherwise disclosed to any third parties outside of Blackboard and its agents , except when we have your permission or under special circumstances , such as when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with legal process , ( ii ) enforce the Terms of Use , ( iii ) respond to claims that any content provided by using the Services violates the rights of third parties , or ( iv ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Blackboard , its users , or the public .
Blackboard may use aggregated personal information to determine the demographic composition of our user base and to distribute statistics and general marketplace information about Blackboard .
This aggregate information does not identify specific users .
Certain non-personal information regarding users is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers hosting the Services .
This information is primarily used to provide users of the Services with an enhanced online experience .
Blackboard may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the Services to prospective partners , advertisers , and other third parties , and for other lawful purposes .
Some features of the Services may be offered in conjunction with a partner company .
In order to provide these features , it may be necessary for either you or us to share your personal information with this company .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular feature .
Also , please be aware that advertisers or Web sites that are linked to the Services may collect personally identifiable information about you .
The information practices of those Web sites linked to the Services are not covered by this Privacy Policy and Blackboard is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Blackboard utilizes other companies to provide limited services on its behalf , including but not limited to customer support , web analytics , coordination of mailings and event management .
These companies are permitted to access only the information they require to perform those services .
Blackboard requires these companies to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information and prohibits them from using the information for any other purpose than the purpose for which it was collected
User Options -- Opt-Out
Users may opt out of receiving future promotional electronic mailings from Blackboard by following the unsubscribe procedures indicated in the mailing .
Individual end users of Blackboard software should contact their educational institution or other organization hosting the software for questions about access to the personal information collected by that institution .
Please contact us at the address below if you have other questions about the information you receive from us or the information that we collect from you .
Access to Your Information
Blackboard offers users the ability to correct or change the information collected during registration .
Users may change this information at any time and as often as necessary by choosing the `` edit personal information '' option or other similar functionality offered in the Services .
To access or change your personal information , log in to your account through the Services .
For data not available through such an account , please contact us at the address listed below .
All of your personal information is stored on servers at a location designed specifically to ensure that no unauthorized individuals have access to the server or its data .
European Union and Switzerland Data Protection
Blackboard complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Blackboard has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
If you reside in the European Union and/ or Switzerland , upon registration you will be indicating your explicit consent that the personal information you have provided may be transferred and stored in countries outside the EU and/ or Switzerland , including the United States .
If you fail to provide your consent , you will not be permitted to access the Services for which registration is required .
In order to comply with the European Union 's and/ or Switzerland 's Safe Harbor Principles , Blackboard commits to the resolution of complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
We have committed to resolve any complaints by European Union and/ or Switzerland citizens relating to this policy , which can not be resolved directly with our company , through the EU Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution Procedure administered by the Council of Better Business Bureaus , Inc .
If you have any questions regarding this policy , please contact :
650 Massachusetts Avenue NW
Washington , DC 20001-3796
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Blackboard Inc. , you should then contact :
Council of Better Business Bureaus , Inc .
Blackboard Privacy Policy Statement Changes
By using the Services , you signify your assent to the Blackboard Privacy Policy Statement .
If you do not agree to this statement , please do not use the Services .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
650 Massachusetts Ave. , NW
Washington , D.C 20001
In the event that you are concerned about how data you have provided Blackboard through the Services has been used , please contact us at one of the addresses listed above .
Blackboard takes all concerns about privacy and use of data very seriously , and shall endeavor to reply to you within two business days to commence its investigation of your concerns .

Last Updated : November 18 , 2013
Bloomberg L.P. ( `` BLP '' ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively `` Bloomberg '' ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) .
Collection and Use of Personal Information
BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc .
For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion .
This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you .
We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here .
You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here .
Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you .
Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase .
Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law .
Use of Cookies and Other Electronic Tools
BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use `` cookies , '' Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites .
This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site .
BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc .
However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information .
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources .
If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web .
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device .
The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data .
You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web .
Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc . ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one .
Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device .
However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests .
BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites .
Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you .
We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site .
The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
BLP adheres to the industry 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located here .
To `` opt out '' of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here .
To `` opt out '' of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( `` NAI '' ) online behavioral advertising member networks , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here .
Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by such member networks and participating companies , you will still receive online advertising .
BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site .
For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here .
Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information
BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( `` Third-Party Provider '' ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here .
Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated .
If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use .
Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy .
BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly .
The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg .
Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies .
Accuracy and Security of Personal Information
Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers .
BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information .
To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service .
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category .
All requests must include the following information : first name , last name , and e-mail address and `` Privacy '' in the Subject line .
While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws .
Transfer of Personal Information To Other Countries
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country .
By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers .
Links To Third-Party Websites
BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites .
Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites .
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category .
Please include `` Privacy '' in the Subject line of your inquiry .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Please include California Privacy Rights in the Subject line of your email .
You may also make such a request by writing to us at :
Attn : Legal Department
New York , NY 10022
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page .
Such changes will be effective upon posting .

We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Sites .
This Privacy Policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information , including , without limitation , the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accord with these guidelines , and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information .
Please read this policy carefully .
We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Sites .
We will post those changes here so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone .
Please refer back to this policy regularly .
Scope Of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of all the sites and services owned or operated by Bodybuilding.com ( collectively `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) , including Bodybuilding.com , BodySource.com and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future ( collectively , the `` Site '' or `` Sites '' ) .
Unless we say otherwise , all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites .
This policy does not apply to your use of sites to which any of the Sites link .
This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline by us .
We may request personal identification information from you ( such as your name , street address , telephone number , credit card number , e-mail address , and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you ) in connection with your use of , or participation in , membership registration for Bodybuilding.com , our contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , surveys , forums , subscription registrations , content submissions , chats , bulletin boards , discussion groups , requests for suggestions , visitors ' requests for free products or services , or additional information ( including via e-mail to us ) , and in connection with other activities , services , features or resources we make available on any of our Sites .
In all of these cases , we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
Except as otherwise provided in this policy , we reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission ( through opt-in or similar procedures ) except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law .
Further , we may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums .
If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities , we may use it to conduct the activity .
We may also use cookie technology and Web beacons ( discussed in detail below ) to improve your experience of these activities , including to remember your preferences , customize the content and advertisements that you see or authenticate your access to your personal information .
In addition , in the event that your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys , polls or promotions , such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information .
We may also contact you to confirm your registration and communicate about your account status , as well as regarding changes to the Sites ' Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy .
If you give us your permission , we may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes .
On occasion , for example , we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or a service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Sites .
For us to obtain your permission to send you this information , we will give you an opportunity to `` opt-in '' at the time our request for your personal information is made .
If you do `` opt-in , '' you may choose to `` opt-out '' at any time , even after you have provided personal information , by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy .
Please note , however , that under certain circumstances , if you initially do not choose to `` opt-in , '' or if you later `` opt-out , '' you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal identification information is needed .
We have the following exceptions to these policies : We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute or court order .
We will also release specific information in special cases , such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites , or a physical or property threat to you or others .
We may also transfer user information , including personally identifiable information , in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , the sale of related assets or corporate division , or other fundamental corporate change .
We may provide access to your personally identifiable information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Sites or the services that you have requested .
In addition , on occasion , we may collect personal identification information from you in connection with optional contests , special offers or promotions .
We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the contest , special offer or promotion .
Your participation in the contest , special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such information .
Further , the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors , financial gateways , and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments .
Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions .
Also , personal information that you submit may be shared with Liberty Media , Inc. , our parent company .
Please see the Liberty Media website for more information about Liberty Media 's Privacy Policy .
Please note that if you give out personal information online - for example , on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room , folder or chat IM feature - that information can be collected and used by third parties .
Although we strive to protect our users ' privacy , we can not guarantee the security of information you post in these forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information .
You disclose such information at your own risk .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password .
You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration , whether or not authorized by you .
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password .
We collect non-personal identification information through the use of , without limitation , the following types of methodology :
`` Cookie '' technology : A `` cookie '' is an element of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then store it on your system .
`` IP address tracking '' : An `` IP address '' is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet .
When you request pages from our Sites , our servers log your IP address .
`` Web beacons '' : A `` Web beacon , '' or `` clear gif , '' is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user .
Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use , the type of computer , technical information about your means of connection to our Sites such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized , and other similar information .
Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online .
We use such information for our business purposes , and , in particular , to administer the Sites , better manage advertising on the Sites , and , in the aggregate , to understand how our users as a group use the services , features and other resources provided on our Sites .
This way we know which areas of our Sites are favorites of our users , which areas need improvement , and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites .
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners , suppliers and other third parties , but we will not share any individual names , personal navigational or other personal information .
For example , we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites .
We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you .
We use a proprietary advertising server to display ads on our Sites .
In addition , advertisers may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve ads onto our Sites .
Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites that may use cookie technology or Web beacons to ( i ) identify non-personal information about our users ( such as connection speed , browser and country of origin ) and ( ii ) track user behavior within our Sites .
Advertisers generally use such information to customize the display of ads within our Sites .
We will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites , however , you may choose to voluntarily provide the advertisers with your personal information .
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
Further , from time-to-time we contract with a third party web analytics provider to help manage and optimize our Sites .
We use this service to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Sites .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookie technology on the Sites .
The type of information we collect includes such information as the number of hits a webpage receives , type of browser used , and number of times a visitor makes a purchase from a particular promotion .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which products and services most interest our users , and what kinds of offers our users like to see .
Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from our Sites on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used .
Special Rules Relating To Children
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( `` COPPA '' ) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age .
Our Sites are not directed at children under 13 years of age but , we recognize that with proper adult supervision some parents might permit their children to visit our Sites and use our online services .
COPPA requires that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Sites .
When your child attempts to register and/or provide personal information to Bodybuilding.com , we require a parent or legal guardian to :
Register their child by completing the Permission to Participate Form and returning it , by facsimile or postal mail , to us as set forth on the form ;
Review our Privacy Policy and verify that the child 's parent or guardian knows about and authorizes our information practices related to children protected by COPPA ; and
Verify via email confirmation a second authorization that the parent or guardian consents to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
Once parental notice and consent has been verified , the information we collect will be treated the same as information collected from any other user .
Without verified parental notice and consent , we will not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under 13 years of age , and if we learn that we have inadvertently collected such information , we will promptly delete it .
How Parents Can Access Their Children 's Personal Information
In compliance with COPPA , a parent or legal guardian may request from us to review , delete or stop the collection of personally identifiable information relating to their child or any child in their legal custody who is under 13 years of age .
You may do so by following the instructions below regarding Access to/Correction of Information .
If you request that no further information about your child be collected or used , we will be required to terminate your child 's ability to use any part of the service or feature that requires a user to `` sign in . ''
To learn more about COPPA , please visit this page :
Links To Other Sites
Users will find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners , suppliers , advertisers , sponsors , licensors and other third parties .
We do not control the content or links that appear on those sites .
In addition , those sites or services , including their content and links , may be constantly changing .
Those sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies , or no policy ( policies ) at all .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information .
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority .
We have taken reasonable measures to secure both your information and our physical premises .
We exercise reasonable care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers ( unless sent by a means outside of our control , such as e-mail ) .
However , we can not guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information , and by using the Sites you assume this risk .
Access To/Correction Of Information
To help us address your request , please specify which information you wish to review .
Once you have reviewed this information , at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous .
You should be aware , however , that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request .
Please also understand that due to the volume of traffic on the Sites and correspondence received , we can not make any representations about the timeliness of the making of such modifications .
In addition , we are unable to modify your information in the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy .
Customers making purchases at the Bodybuilding.com Store with a Ship To Address in the states of Florida , Idaho , and Pennsylvania will not have the current rate of sales tax added to their shopping cart but Bodybuilding.com will remit the current rate of sales tax to the appropriate State Sales Tax Authority for each such qualifying sale .
If you `` opt-in '' to receive information from us , you can change your mind later .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please be sure to opt out of these features .
All of these communications provide the ability for you to opt out of future communications through an 'unsubscribe ' link at the bottom of the communication .
If you sign up to enter a sweepstakes or contest , you are opted in to receive email communications .
When submitting your information for these purposes , you will see the following message : `` By submitting your email you are agreeing to receive promotional emails from Bodybuilding.com .
You may opt out at any time . ''
We do not sell your email or other contact information to third parties .
Even if you opt out of receiving notices regarding our Terms of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Bodybuilding.com and orders placed with Bodybuilding.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes .
You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers , although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request , and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy .
The Sites are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States .
By using our Website , participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information , you consent to this transfer .
Your Acceptance Of These Terms
By using any of the Sites , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy , your promise to comply with the representations you make and contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
If you do not agree to these policies , please do not use our Sites .
Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes .
Last modified on August 8 , 2013 .

This page explains the type of information that is collected by the Bureau of Meteorology , how such information is used and under what circumstances and to whom it may be disclosed .
Privacy Officer ( EXL )
The Internet is an insecure medium and users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet .
Information submitted unencrypted via e-mail or web forms may be at risk of being intercepted , read or modified .
For those who do not wish to use the Internet we provide alternative ways of obtaining and providing the information .
If you prefer , you can contact us by phone or mail .
This site is mainly operated by the Bureau of Meteorology , however there are some products that are provided by an external internet service provider .
Users of the products provided via external providers should be aware of the 'links to other sites ' information at the end of this statement .
When visiting the Bureau 's site , a record of your visit is logged .
The following information is recorded for statistical purposes and is used by the Bureau of Meteorology to help improve the site .
The following information is provided by your browser :
the type of browser you are using
the date and time of your visit
your top level domain name ( for example .com , .gov , .au , .uk etc . )
the address of the referring site
your server 's IP address ( a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet : usually one of your service provider 's machines )
the address of the pages accessed and any documents downloaded
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities , unless disclosure is required by law or due to a mandatory requirement of a Court , Government Agency or Regulatory Authority in the course of a legally enforced investigation .
Collection of Personal Information
We will , at your request , provide you with access to any information which we have collected about you through this website in accordance with Information Privacy Principle 6 , Privacy Act 1988 .
To gain access to this information you should contact us , as per the above contact details .
If you believe any information is inaccurate , incomplete or out of date , please contact us and we will revise the relevant information in accordance with Information Privacy Principle 7 , Privacy Act 1988 .
When you e-mail us :
we will record your e-mail address
we will only use your e-mail address for the purpose for which you provided it
it will not be added to a mailing list unless you request this be done
we will not disclose it without your consent , except where the Bureau of Meteorology may be required by law to disclose certain information
When you use our Subscription and Feedback forms :
we will record the personal information provided by you ( for example you name , address , telephone number etc )
we will only use this information for the purpose for which you provided it
only Bureau authorised staff will have access to this
we will not disclose it without your consent , except where the Bureau of Meteorology may be required by law to disclose certain information
A cookie is a small text file that is sent from web site servers and stored on a web browser .
Some parts of this web site may use a cookie to maintain site information and your setting preferences as you navigate different pages on our web site or when you return to the web site at a later time .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this , you may not be able to use the full functionality of this web site .
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities , unless disclosure is required by law or due to mandatory requirements of a Court , Government Agency or Regulatory Authority in the course of a legally enforced investigation .
In addition , we use third party ad serving technology to show advertisements on this web site .
As part of the ad delivery process , the third party ad serving system may send a cookie to your browser while you use this web site , and may use information ( not including your name or any personally identifiable information ) about your visit to this web site to track how many people have seen a particular ad .
These third party cookies can not be used to identify any individual person .
In addition to web server logs , this web site uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Reports obtained from Google Analytics are used to help improve the efficiency and usability of this web site .
Google Analytics uses 'cookies ' to help analyse how users use this site .
The information generated by the cookie , about how your use of the web site ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our web site , compiling reports on web site activity for web site operators and providing other services relating to web site activity and internet usage .
Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
By using this web site , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
Search terms that you enter when using our search engine are collected , but there is no link between search terms and personal details .
Nor are they associated with any other information that we collect .
We use these search terms to ascertain what people are looking for at our site and to improve the services that we provide .
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites .
The Bureau of Meteorology is not responsible for the privacy practices of these web sites and has no knowledge of whether cookies or other tracking devices are used on linked sites .
If you have any concerns regarding your privacy , when visiting a linked site , you should ensure you are aware of the privacy policies of those sites .

Your privacy is important to us .
We value your trust and are committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal information you give us .
This document , which we update from time to time , describes how we use and process your personal data and how we use cookies .
It also tells you how you can contact us if you have questions about your personal information .
Booking.com provides online travel services through its own websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners ' websites and social media .
The information that follows applies to all of these platforms .
What kind of personal information does Booking.com use
When you make a reservation , you 'll be asked for your name , address , telephone number , email address , payment details , the names of guests traveling with you and your preferences for your stay .
To make it easier to manage your reservations , you can open a user account .
This allows you to save your personal settings , review previous bookings and manage future reservations .
When you visit our website , even if you do n't make a reservation , we may collect certain information , like your IP address , or browser , and information about your computer 's operating system , application version , language settings and pages that have been shown to you .
If you are using a mobile device , we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device , device-specific settings and characteristics and latitude/longitude details .
We might also calculate and process data related to the type of apps installed on a mobile device , such as the name of the app , an app description and the category it belongs to .
None of this information alone will be able to tell us who you are , but it can still considered to be `` personal '' information .
We may also receive information about you when you use certain social media services .
Why does Booking.com collect , use and share your personal details
Reservations : First and foremost , we use your personal information to complete and administer your online reservation and forward your reservation details to the accommodation you have booked .
Customer service : We provide international customer service 24/7 from our local offices in more than 20 languages .
Sharing your details with our global customer service allows for a quick response when you need us including helping you find an appropriate accommodation and any questions you might have about your reservation .
Account administration : We offer a user account facility on our website .
We use the information you give us to administer this , allowing you to manage your bookings , take advantage of special offers , make future reservations more easily , manage your personal settings , and review accommodations that you previously searched .
Guest reviews : We may use your contact information to invite you to write a guest review after your stay .
This can help other travelers choose a place to stay that suits them best .
Marketing activities : We also use your information for marketing activities , as permitted by law .
When you make a reservation with us or set up a user account , we may use your contact information to send you news about similar travel-related products and services .
We also send our customers regular newsletters by email .
You can opt out , or unsubscribe , from marketing communication at any time .
Based on the information you share with us , individualized offers may be shown to you on the Booking.com website , in mobile apps or on third-party websites , including social media sites .
When we believe that a particular offer may be of interest to you , we may decide to make contact with you by phone .
Other communications : There may be other times when we get in touch by email , by post , by phone or by texting you , depending on the contact information you share with us .
There could be a number of reasons for this :
We may need to respond to and handle requests you have made .
If you have n't finalized a reservation online , we may email you a reminder to continue with your reservation .
We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a reservation without having to search for the accommodation again or fill in all the reservation details from scratch .
When you use our services , we may send you a questionnaire or invite you to provide a review about your experience with Booking.com .
We may also send you other material related to your reservation , such as how to contact Booking.com if you need assistance while you 're away , or a summary of previous reservations you made using Booking.com .
Market research : We sometimes ask our customers to take part in market research .
Any additional personal details that you give us as part of the market research will only be used with your consent .
Fraud detection and prevention : We may use personal information for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities .
Improving our services : Finally , we use personal information for analytical purposes , to improve our services , enhance the user experience , and improve the functionality and quality of our online travel services .
How does Booking.com use social media
We use social media to promote our accommodation partners ' properties and to promote , improve and facilitate our own services .
For example , we integrated social media plugins into the Booking.com website .
So when you click on one of the buttons and register with your social media account , information is shared with your social media provider , and possibly presented on your social media profile to be shared with others in your network .
In addition to implementing these buttons , Booking.com uses social media by maintaining accounts on several social media sites and by offering social apps .
These social media services may allow you to share information with Booking.com .
When you register with a social media app , you 'll be told which information will be shared with Booking.com .
The information you choose to share with us may include the basic information that 's already available in your social media profile , email address , status updates and your friends list .
This information is necessary to create a unique user experience either in the app itself or on our website .
It facilitates things like personalizing our website to suit your needs , connecting you with your friends on travel destinations and analyzing and enhancing our travel-related services .
We may also enable you to sign in to Booking.com services with your social media accounts .
Your social media provider will be able to tell you more about how they use and process your data in such cases .
How does Booking.com share your data with third parties
In certain circumstances , we may share your personal data with third parties .
The accommodation you booked : In order to complete your reservation , we need to transfer relevant reservation details to the accommodation you booked with .
This may include information like your name , contact and payment details , the names of guests traveling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking .
Other companies within the Booking.com corporate family : In order to support you during the reservation process and throughout your stay , your details may be shared with subsidiaries of the Booking.com corporate family .
To find out more about the Booking.com corporate family , visit About Booking.com .
Your information might also be shared with our parent company , Priceline.com , and the other members of the Priceline corporate group ( Agoda.com , Rentalcars.com and Kayak.com ) for analysis to provide you with travel-related offers that may be of interest to you and to offer you a customized service .
Third-party service providers : We may use third-party service providers to process your personal information on our behalf for the purposes specified above .
For example , we may use service providers to send the reservation information on our behalf to the accommodation you just booked , or we may instruct third parties to contact you .
When a reservation requires it , we may also work with third-party payment service providers to facilitate payment or payment guarantees .
We also work with third-party advertisement networks to market our accommodation and services on other platforms , or involve third-party providers for analytical purposes .
These third parties involved in any of these services will be bound by confidentiality agreements and will not be allowed to use your personal information for any purposes other than those specified above .
Our business partners : We work with partner websites around the world to distribute the accommodations listed on our website and mobile apps .
When you make a reservation on one of these business partners ' websites , certain personal information that you give them may be shared with us .
Similarly , we may share information with this business partner , for example , as part of the administration of your account , in order to manage your reservation , so that they can address queries related to your reservation and for marketing purposes .
In this context , your information is governed by the privacy policies of these business partners .
Competent authorities : We may share your personal information with government or investigative authorities if we are required by law ( or any regulation having the force of law ) to do so .
Such requirements include court orders , subpoenas and orders arising from legal processes and criminal investigations .
We may also disclose your personal data if it is strictly necessary for the prevention , detection or prosecution of criminal acts .
How does Booking.com use mobile devices
We have free apps for a variety of mobile devices .
These apps collect and process your personal details a similar way as our website does and they also allow you to use location services to find hotels nearby .
How does Booking.com use guest reviews
After your stay at any accommodation booked through us , you 'll be invited to submit a guest review .
If you do n't want your name to show with your review , it can be displayed anonymously .
By completing a guest review , you 're agreeing that it can be displayed ( as further described in our Terms and Conditions on , for example , the relevant property information page on our websites , in our mobile apps , in our social media accounts and in social apps , or on the website of the relevant property or on our business partner 's website , to inform other travelers about the quality and services of the property you stayed in .
What is a cookie
A cookie is a small amount of data that a website places on your computer .
Why do websites use cookies
Web pages have no memory .
If you are surfing from page to page within a website , you will not be recognized as the same user across pages .
Cookies enable your browser to be recognized by the website .
So cookies are mainly used to remember the choices you have made choices such as the language you prefer and the currency you use .
They will also make sure you are recognized when you return to a website .
Do all cookies do the same thing
No , there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them .
Cookies can be categorized according to their function , their lifespan and according to who places them on a website .
How does Booking.com use cookies
We try to give our visitors an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes .
To achieve this , our website uses the following types of cookie :
Technical cookies : We use technical cookies to show you our website , to make it function correctly , create your user account , sign you in and manage your bookings .
These technical cookies are absolutely necessary for our website to function properly .
Functional cookies : We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and to help you use our website efficiently and effectively .
For example , we remember your preferred currency and language , your searches and the property you viewed earlier .
These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our website , but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience .
Analytics cookies : We use these cookies to gain insight on how our visitors use the website , to find out what works and what does n't , to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant .
The data we gather includes which web pages you viewed , which referring/exit pages you entered and left from , which platform type you have used , date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page , your mouse movements and scrolling activity , the search words you use and the text you type while using our website .
Commercial cookies : We use these to show you Booking.com advertisements on other websites .
This is called retargeting and it aims to be based on the destinations you have been searching for and the property you have viewed .
How long do Booking.com cookies stay active
The cookies we use have varying lifespans .
The maximum lifespan we set on some is five years from your last visit to our website .
You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want .
To remove Booking.com cookies from your browser , go to the following link ( please note that when you click on this link , all Booking.com cookies will be removed immediately ) .
How can you recognize Booking.com cookies
You can find our cookies in your browser settings .
Does Booking.com use third-party cookies
Yes , Booking.com uses the services of trusted and recognized online advertising and marketing companies .
Booking.com may also use third-party providers for analytical purposes .
To enable their services , these companies need to place cookies .
The providers we use are committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards .
When it comes to online advertising and marketing companies , we strive to only work with companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and/or the Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) .
Members of NAI and IAB adhere to industry standards and codes of conduct .
NAI and IAB members allow you to opt out of the behavioral advertising .
To opt out of an NAI or IAB member 's behavioral advertising program , simply check the box that corresponds to the company from which you wish to opt out .
In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics , you may want to visit the following link : Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
Who has access to Booking.com cookie data
Only Booking.com has access to Booking.com cookies .
Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties .
How can you manage your cookie preferences
Using your browser settings in , for example , Internet Explorer , Safari , Firefox or Chrome , you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject .
Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use .
Use the `` Help '' function in your browser to locate the settings you need .
If you choose not to accept certain cookies , you may not be able to use some functions on our website .
Plus , opting out of an online advertising network does n't mean that you wo n't receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis .
It means that the network you opted out of will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and browsing patterns .
Does Booking.com use web beacons
In addition to using cookies , Booking.com sometimes uses web beacons .
A web beacon is a tiny graphic image of just one pixel that 's delivered to your computer either as part of a web page request or in an HTML email message .
Either directly or through service providers , we use these pixels as part of our online advertisements either on our website or on third-party websites to learn whether a user who is being shown an online advertisement also makes a reservation ; to track conversion with partner websites and to analyze a user 's traffic patterns in order to optimize the travel-related services we bring to you .
What security procedures does Booking.com put in place to safeguard your personal information
In accordance with European data protection laws , we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal information .
We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal information you give us .
We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal information on our servers .
Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal information in the course of their work .
Your credit card details when they are needed as part of the reservation process are stored for a maximum of 10 days .
After that , your credit card data will be either permanently deleted from our systems or will remain hashed in our system for fraud detection purposes .
This is unless you have chosen to store your credit card details in your personal account .
The services offered by Booking.com are not directed at children under the age of 18 .
The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a guardian .
When we receive information from a child under the age of 18 , we reserve the right to delete it .
How can you control the personal information you have given to Booking.com
You always have the right to review the personal information we keep about you .
Please write `` Request personal information '' in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data .
If the personal information we have for you is incorrect , we will update it at your request .
However , we may need to retain certain information , for example , for legal or administrative purposes , such as record keeping or to detect fraudulent activities .
You can delete your user account at any time by signing into your account on the Booking.com website and choosing to remove your account .
Who is responsible for the processing of personal information on the Booking.com website and apps
Booking.com B.V. controls the processing of personal information on its websites and mobile apps .
Booking.com B.V. is a private limited liability company , incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and has its offices at Herengracht 597 , 1017 CE Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
The Dutch Data Protection Authority Notification number is 1288246 .
Last updated July 5 , 2013

The nature of our website ( the Site ) means that we will obtain , use and disclose ( together Use ) certain Personal Information ( as defined below ) .
We will comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 in relation to any such Personal Information and will , within reason , ensure that your data is secure and monitored with regard to access , both internally and externally .
This statement sets out the principles governing our Use of your Personal Information on our Site .
By using our website you agree to this Use .
When you use the services contained on our Site you will need to provide certain personal information such as your name and e-mail address ( Personal Information ) .
We will store this Personal Information and use it to provide you with information and otherwise for the normal use and improvement of our Site .
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information if required to disclose such information by law .
We may also transfer or disclose Personal Information to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary in the administration of our Site and our related business .
Subject to you ticking certain boxes on the Site when prompted in order to provide your consent , we may transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other companies who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you , but you can always tell us not to do this by contacting us as described in 12 below .
We may also use the Personal Information , and similar Personal Information you may provide us in response to any user surveys which you complete , to aggregate user profiles and , unless you opt out by contacting us as described in 12 below , to send you information about new products and services which we think may interest you .
Subject to you ticking certain boxes on the Site when prompted in order to provide your consent we may also pass your Personal Information to our business associates and affiliates ( including those outside the European Economic Area ) who may contact you with details of products or services which may interest you , but you can always tell us not to do this by contacting us as described in 12 below .
To enable us to monitor and improve our Site , we gather certain aggregated information about you when you use it , including details of your operating system , browser version , domain name and IP address , the URL you came from and go to and the parts of our Site you visit .
We may aggregate statistics , traffic patterns and related Site information and disclose such aggregate data to third parties for marketing , advertising or other promotional purposes but such aggregate data will not include any Personal Information .
A cookie is a small file , which is stored by our browser on your computer 's hard drive .
We use cookies only to store information such as your user ID and your session identifiers .
We do not store other Personal Information such as passwords , preferences , etc . in cookie files .
You may submit notes , messages , bulletin boards postings , ideas , suggestions , concepts or other material ( Content ) to us for publication on the Site .
All Content submitted by you to us must :
a. be legal , honest , decent and truthful and comply with all applicable laws , regulations , standards or codes of conduct ;
b. not infringe the copyright , design , privacy , publicity , data protection , trade mark or any other rights of any third party , nor be obscene , abusive , threatening , libellous or defamatory of any person ; and
c. not advertise or otherwise solicit for funds or is a solicitation for goods or services .
We have the right to monitor Content and may edit , reject or remove Content if we believe it does not comply with the above .
All Content submitted to us will become the property of Bounty throughout the world except any portion of the material that is Personal Information .
You have sole responsibility for the Content which you submit to us for publication on the Site and you shall indemnify and shall keep us fully and effectively indemnified on demand from and against all actions , claims , losses , liability , proceedings , damages , costs , expenses , loss of business , loss of profits , business interruption and other pecuniary or consequential loss ( including legal costs and expenses ) suffered or incurred by us and arising directly or indirectly out of the publication of material submitted by you to us .
Whilst we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online .
You accept the inherent security implications of providing information on-line over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default .

Last Updated : May 2009
The privacy of our visitors to BoxingScene.com is important to us .
At BoxingScene.com , we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important .
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit BoxingScene.com , and how we safeguard your information .
We never sell your personal information to third parties .
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL or Shaw Cable ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information , such as your personal preferences when you visit our site .
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit , or the ability to login to some of our features , such as forums .
We also use third party advertisements on BoxingScene.com to support our site .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites ) .
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google 's DoubleClick , which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising ( including some Google AdSense advertisements ) .
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ( interest based targeting ) .
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history ( For example , if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas , you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site , such as on a site about hockey ) .
DART uses non personally identifiable information .
It does NOT track personal information about you , such as your name , email address , physical address , telephone number , social security numbers , bank account numbers or credit card numbers .
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program .
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies , the next time you visit a site running the advertisements , a new cookie will be added .
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) is a cooperative of online marketing and analytics companies committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices .
Many large advertising networks are members of the NAI .
The NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI members ' ad networks .
To opt out of ad networks or to learn more about network advertising , please visit the NAI site .

Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners .
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect , use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services .
This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies , business practices and our customers ' needs .
What Information Do We Collect
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information : personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site .
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
If you choose to purchase products or services from our partners , you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services .
For example , you may need to provide the following information :
Home and business phone number
Other personal information ( i.e . mother 's maiden name )
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners , if you choose to correspond further with us through email , we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses .
We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone .
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites , our Web site utilizes a standard technology called `` cookies '' ( see explanation below , `` What Are Cookies ? '' ) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used .
Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , time spent at our Web site , and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site .
This information is collected on an aggregate basis .
None of this information is associated with you as an individual .
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us
Broadly speaking , we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities , providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers .
Occasionally , we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site , new services and special offers we think you will find valuable .
The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers ' personal information .
As a customer , you will be given the opportunity , at least once annually , to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers .
What Are Cookies ? Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site .
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user 's Web browser on the user 's hard drive .
Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user 's transactions on related Web pages .
This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet .
Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized .
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users ' browsing activities , in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers .
This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers .
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics .
The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another .
Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Web site 's visitor capacity .
We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you .
How Do We Protect Your Information
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss , alteration or destruction .
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices .
Periodically , our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security , confidentiality and quality of our information .
Employee Access , Training and Expectations .
Our corporate values , ethical standards , policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information .
In general , our business practices limit employee access to confidential information , and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons , processes and transactions .
We can be reached by postal mail at 640 N LaSalle Suite 556 Chicago , IL 60654 , or by phone at 877.970.0707 .
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties
We may provide aggregate information about our customers , sales , Web site traffic patterns and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties , but this information will not include personally identifying data , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy .
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so , in other words , when we , in good faith , believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights .
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein .
Shop Smart LLC has financial relationships with some of the merchants included on our site .
Shop Smart LLC may be compensated if consumers choose to apply for or purchase products or services via the links on our site .

Authors : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Thank you for visiting BrainyQuote.com , a site designed to inform , inspire , educate and entertain users all around the globe .
This Privacy Policy is written to better explain how we collect and use your information , and to cover our caboose in case you plan to sue us because you do n't like how we use information , or you 're a person who just does n't like quotes .
This Privacy Policy is a binding contract and you must agree to it to the same extent as our Terms of Service in order to use our services , including submitting quotes to our website .
Personal Information We Collect
Good news ! You do n't have to give us any personal information when you use our website .
You may , however , tell us your name and your life story ( it 's not that we 're not interested , and we ca n't stop you ) , but please do not share your personal details when you submit a quote to us for consideration .
We will not disclose any information that you provide to us except in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy .
Non-Personal Information We Collect
We may collect information about you that is not personal information .
When you access our website and/or submit a quote , we may collect such things as your IP address , browser , operating system , referring URL , and other general information about our visitors .
This information , on its own , can not usually be used to identify you .
We may use your information for a wide variety of purposes , including printing physical paper copies of it and turning it into an origami hat ( kidding again ) .
Specifically , though , we may let your non-personal information be shared with :
Our host , whose server logs collect the non-personal information described above .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on our websites .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
RadiumOne , which uses cookies to identify anonymous user interests on our websites .
You may opt out of the RadiumOne cookie by visiting the RadiumOne Preference Manager .
Glam Media , which uses cookies to identify anonymous user interests on our websites .
You may opt out of the Glam Media cookie by visiting the Glam Media Preference Manager .
AOL Advertising , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to identify anonymous user interests on our websites .
Users may opt out of the use of the AOL Advertising cookie by visiting the AOL Advertising Preference Manager .
Quantcast , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to identify anonymous user interests on our websites .
Users may opt out of the use of the Quantcast cookie by visiting the Quantcast Preference Manager .
comScore , Inc. ( weird capitalization intentional - but that 's how they spell it ) , which also identifies anonymous user interests on our websites via its Scorecard Research program .
You may opt out of this cookie by visiting the Scorecard Research Preference Manager .
Yieldbot , uses cookies to identify anonymous user interests ( starting to notice a pattern here ? ) on our website .
You may opt out of this cookie by visiting - wait for it - the Yieldbot Privacy Policy Opt-out .
Cookies are n't just delicious ; they also apparently have something to do with computers .
We use cookies to save your preferences .
We also use cookies to track ads and to share information with third parties as described above .
Because of this , you should enable your cookies when you use our website .
If you 're new to the Internet , please do n't try dunking your mouse in milk and eating it ; this is the Number One complaint we get after users read our Privacy Policy .
Think what a better world it would be if we all , the whole world , had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap .
We may link to third party websites from our own website .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , these third party websites or their use of your personal information .
We recommend that , if you have a ridiculous amount of free time ( and nothing better to do ) , you review their privacy policies and other agreements governing your use of their website .
Once you do , you should report back to us in a detailed and meticulously proofread memorandum explaining all of these websites , so we may immediately put it to use under that corner of the table that is lower than the rest .
Third Party Access to Your Information
We protect your information from being accessed by third parties using our state of the art laser defense system .
Well , not really ... we just wanted to use the word `` laser '' in our Privacy Policy .
In truth , we take adequate measures to protect your information .
We may employ outside maintenance personnel or use a third party to host our material .
Because of this , it is necessary that you permit us to give access to your information to third parties to the same extent that you authorize us to do so .
For greater certainty , every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy , you also grant to any third party that we may hire , contract , or hire as an intern for the purpose of operating , maintaining , repairing , or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems .
You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties , even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions , and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you .
We may disclose your information to a third party where we believe , in good faith , in bad faith , or in so-so faith , that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action , criminal investigation , or other legal matter .
In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy , we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena , or we may attempt to quash it ourselves , but we are not obligated to do either .
Chances are that if the police are looking into your activities on a quote website , you 've really got issues , and we 're probably going to hand over your information and tell your family and friends .
The act of policing is , in order to punish less often , to punish more severely .
We may , but are not obligated to , secure our website with packs of hungry bunnies ; we hope they do n't eat your information .
However , we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information .
It is in our interest to keep our website secure , but we recommend that you use anti-virus software , firewalls , and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats .
( Be the third pig , not one of the first two . )
California Online Privacy Protection Act
We allow California users to use our website , and we fully comply with California 's privacy laws .
If you have any questions about your rights under this Privacy Policy , please contact us for more information .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time , and the amended version will be posted on our website in place of the old version .
We will also include the date that the currently displayed Privacy Policy took effect to help you determine whether there have been any changes since you last used our website .
Like our Terms of Service , you must visit this page each time you come to our website , and read and agree to it if the date it was last modified is more recent than the last time you agreed to the Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the new Privacy Policy , you must immediately cease using our service .
Any inquiries about your rights under this Privacy Policy , or any other matters regarding your privacy , can be sent or directed to email us .
To review the BrainyQuote Terms of Service , please click here .
We hope you have enjoyed reading our fascinating Privacy Policy .
We are not sure why you have so much time on your hands , but congratulations on your life of leisure .
Quiz coming soon !
Last updated : March 9 , 2013
Copyright 2001 - 2013 BrainyQuote.com All Rights Reserved .
Do not duplicate or redistribute in any form .
We paid a lot to make this privacy policy fun , exciting , enjoyable , and memorable for our readers - so go make your own !

At breitbart.com we are committed to protecting your privacy .
However , there are times when we may need to obtain personal information from you in order to provide certain services that you may request .
This Privacy Policy was developed to help you understand what information we collect as well as how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us on our Site .
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time , so please revisit this page to remain fully informed of our privacy policy .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT :
We do track information provided to us by your browser , including the web site you came from ( known as the referring URL ) , the type of browser you use , the time and date of access , and other information that does not personally identify you .
In addition , we gather information about you that is automatically collected by our web server , such as your IP address , domain name and pages that you access .
Breitbart.com may use web server and browser information to individually customize its offerings and presentations if you submit your personal information .
We may also collect personal information , including your name , cell phone number , e-mail address , and certain demographic data , only when you choose to voluntarily provide to us such information , such as by registering , making inquiries regarding our services , requesting breaking news alerts , reporting any problems with our Site , providing us with feedback on our Site , or otherwise .
We do not collect information through `` cookies '' , but our advertisers may collect cookies when you click through the advertisement to their website .
Cookies are small strings of text sent by the site to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Amongst other things , Advertisers use cookies to understand how you and others are using their site , to identify repeat visitors , and to determine the paths visitors take on their site .
They also use cookies to determine whether you visited their site from a particular Internet link or advertisement .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies , reject cookies , or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , the advertiser may not recognize you when you return to their site .
The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies '' .
When you register we may ask for information such as your name , email address , cellular phone number , and additional information .
Once you register with breitbart.com and sign in to our services , you may no longer be anonymous to us or our advertisers .
Our Site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
By using our site , you represent that you are not under 13 years of age .
Links to Third Party Web Sites :
Our Site may offer links to other web sites , including links embedded in advertisements and links to various news sources .
Such links to other websites may have information policies and practices different from ours .
In addition , certain companies associated with breitbart.com may have their own privacy policies .
We do not own or control such companies and web sites , and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of web sites that we do not own or control .
How We Protect Your Information :
We use industry-accepted technology to protect your data from disclosure to unauthorized third parties .
Our server is also protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information we may store .
Although these measures are typically effective , use of the Internet and related computer systems is inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access or `` hacking . ''
No guarantee can be given that all information you provide to us will not be accessed by unauthorized persons .
How We Use Your Information :
We collect , retain , and use internally Site visitor information only for legitimate business purposes , including the following : to correspond with you regarding our site or services , to inform you of developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest to you , to send you breaking news alerts , to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage , to comply with applicable laws , to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of breitbart.com , our users , and others .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally e-mail you regarding important functionality changes to the Site or to e-mail you announcements and promotions related to our business , products , and/or services .
If you have provided us more than one e-mail address , please remember to e-mail us from each of the e-mail accounts you have given us .
Except as provided below , we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We strive to maintain the accuracy of our customer information .
We respond promptly to update our database when you tell us your information is not accurate .
When We May Disclose Your Information :
We may share in aggregate , statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our Site , traffic patterns , and Site usage with our partners , affiliates , investors , or other third parties .
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary and may share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of breitbart.com 's Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law .
We may transfer information about you if breitbart.com is acquired by or merged with another company .
To maintain a site that is free of charge , Breitbart.com contains advertising .
Breitbart.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
However , by interacting with or viewing an ad , you may disclose personal information to their website and are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
By using this Site , you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us .
We reserve the right , at any time , to modify , alter , or update this statement , and any such modifications , alterations , or updates will be effective upon posting .
Breitbart.com may also be contacted directly at the following address :
Designated Agent : Webmaster
Address of Agent : 149 S. Barrington Ave. , # 401 , Los Angeles , CA 90049
This Privacy Policy is revised as of February 4 , 2008 and may be modified from time to time .

We collect three types of information online :
About you - the information you type in
About how you use our site - because we can track this using something called 'cookies '
About your travel patterns - if you make bookings with us
The main ways we use this information :
To tailor how our site can help you
To fulfil your travel requirements and deliver what you have asked us for
To treat you more personally
To maintain your records
To send you appropriate marketing communications
For analysis about how each of our customers use the site
The main way we let other selected companies use this information :
To help fulfil your travel requirements and help deliver what you have asked us for
And , for your peace of mind :
For over 30 years we have been safeguarding customer information on our computers
You can stop us sending you marketing communications
You can delete or change the information which you have given us
Please note this privacy policy applies to our use of your information from November 2012 .
This website is owned and run by British Airways Plc .
British Airways has always respected your privacy and will continue to do so in the online world .
This policy explains :
How do we collect data about you and your use of this website
You are in control of what information we collect about you .
However , if you choose not to share your information some areas of the website may not be accessible or useable .
We may ask you for information about yourself when you join the Executive Club or register online , when you book or search for tickets or other products or services , when you enter competitions or register for promotions or when you request brochures or other information .
We may also invite you to complete surveys or provide us with feedback .
We and our business partners on ba.com collect information about your use of the website from cookies .
For information about our use of cookies and how to decline them please read our Cookie Policy .
How do we use your data
We use your data to improve the service we offer you and to try and ensure that you get the best out of our web-sites .
We will use the information you enter at the site for administration purposes and any other purposes made clear in the data entry forms themselves , in any relevant terms or conditions and on any pages or emails which link to such forms .
If you use our online booking process we may use your personal data for the purposes explained below under the heading `` How we use your booking data '' .
If you click Submit your these Details below , your contact details will be used to send you servicing information related to your selection or ultimate purchase .
It may also be used for customer surveys but will not be used for direct marketing unless you sign up to hear about exclusive offers .
Certain cookies sent to your browser will help us to save you time .
For example , if you 're halfway through a booking our cookies will allow you to browse other areas of the website and then return to your booking .
If you are accessing the site from a company which has a British Airways extranet , a cookie will also help us recognise which company you are from , so that you are taken to the appropriate extranet .
Website customisation and targeting of adverts
We use the data you give us about yourself when you join the Executive Club or register online to build up a picture of your interests - we then try to ensure that when you visit the site , you do n't miss the offers and information relevant to you .
British Airways and its reputable third party advertising companies will collect website usage information about visitors to our website for the purposes of statistical analysis , sales and marketing research , tracking page usage and paths used by visitors through our site , targeting the site content , targeting our marketing campaigns and direct marketing emails , targeting our Internet banner advertisements on our website and on other websites and tracking use of our Internet banner advertisements and other links from our marketing partners ' websites to our website .
For this purpose , we and our third party advertising companies note information on the path you take to get to our site and on some of the pages you visit on our website ( including for example the options you select and the search terms you use ) through the use of cookies .
For information about cookies set by British Airways and its third party advertisers ( including how to opt out of receiving third party cookies ) please visit our Cookie Policy .
We may also combine this web usage data with other information we have collected about you , for example , whether you have arrived at our site through a marketing email sent to an individual account , booking data and passenger name records you have entered , data about your user registration or executive club membership ( if you have logged in ) , and web usage data stored against a previous cookie set on your machine .
We store this information so that we have a better and more specific understanding of the way customers are using our site and their preferences and interests .
We may use it to undertake sales and marketing research and to tailor our site , our marketing campaigns and email communications specifically to you , and your recent activity on our site .
How we use your booking data
We will record the personal details you submit to us in the process of making a booking or requesting a brochure .
Your data will be used principally to meet your requirements .
We retain the data you provide from time to time , including your purchase history and data we collect when you use our services and facilities .
Your data may be used and retained for the following purposes : accounting , billing and audit , credit or other payment card verification and anti-fraud screening ( which may , for example , involve the use of credit reference agency searches and nominal payment card revalidation checks ) , immigration and customs control , safety , security , health , administrative and legal purposes , statistical and marketing analysis , operation of frequent flyer programmes , systems testing , maintenance and development , customer surveys , customer relations and to help us in any future dealings with you , for example by identifying your requirements and preferences .
For these purposes we may disclose your data to any of the following who may retain that data in accordance with applicable laws : other companies in the British Airways group , airlines and other companies involved in meeting your requirements , our oneworld partner airlines and franchisees , data processing companies , travel agents , government and enforcement agencies , credit and charge card companies , credit reference agencies and screening service providers .
This may involve sending your data between different countries , including countries outside the European Economic Area , including countries where under their local laws you may have fewer legal rights .
We will not use your data to contact you for direct marketing purposes without your consent .
For further information , please read Direct marketing and how can you change your marketing preference ? below .
However , please be aware that where you abandon a booking part-way through the booking process , we may use your contact details to contact you to understand the reasons why .
Customs and Immigration Authorities
British Airways and other airlines are required by laws in the USA and other countries to give border control agencies access to booking and travel information .
Accordingly any information we hold about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to the customs and immigration authorities of any country in your itinerary .
For further information click here .
In addition , laws in several countries require British Airways and other airlines to collect `` Advance Passenger Information '' ( passport and associated information ) for all passengers prior to travel to or from those countries .
When required British Airways will provide this information to the relevant customs and immigration authorities .
For further information click here .
Executive Club Members ' data
For full details on how the data we hold on Executive Club members may be used , please read the Executive Club Terms and Conditions - clause 4 .
Please see the question `` Direct marketing and how can you change your marketing preference ? '' below .
From time to time we may run customer surveys .
Surveys by or on behalf of British Airways are conducted in accordance with the Market Research Society and ICC/ESOMAR guidelines .
These guidelines ensure that participation in any research is confidential and voluntary and that results do not identify individual respondents .
For the purpose of surveys we may combine cookie or other data with your answers but we will ensure that this does not affect the anonymity of the results .
Direct marketing and how can you change your marketing preference
We offer you the opportunity to receive information about exclusive fares , special offers and other news from the British Airways group .
We may use your purchase history to communicate information we think may interest you .
To improve our picture of your interests we may link the data you give us about yourself with any data we have gathered ( via cookies ) about your use of the site .
You can sign up for direct marketing by registering on this website .
You will also be asked if you want to receive direct marketing if you join the Executive Club , and you may be asked if you make a booking with or request a brochure from one of the British Airways group companies or if you enter a competition or register for a promotion with any company in the British Airways group .
If you are a Vodafone Live ! customer , you may also choose to sign up with Vodafone for text message alerts about exclusive fares and other special offers from the British Airways group .
For more information on this service , please see Text Message ( SMS ) Alerting .
For information on how to unsubscribe for text message alerts , see below
We try to ensure that customers do not receive duplicate communications even if we have more than one marketing consent from the same customer .
If you are an Executive Club member and would like to receive marketing communications , we will send them to you as an Executive Club member .
If you are not an Executive Club member but have signed up for marketing communications by registering online , we will communicate with you as a registered customer .
Your details may be shared within the British Airways group .
The British Airways group consists of British Airways Plc and a number of subsidiary companies , including , in particular British Airways Holidays Limited .
You will not receive direct marketing from companies outside the British Airways group as a result of giving your details to us ; if , in exceptional circumstances , we ever wanted to allow a third party to send you direct marketing , we would seek your consent before sharing your data with that third party .
We will normally send direct marketing by email if we have your email address , but may choose to contact you via other methods such as telephone , SMS or post .
If you would like us to stop sending direct marketing to you , we offer simple ways to do this .
Whenever you receive direct marketing you will be told how to unsubscribe .
In addition , if you are an Executive Club member you can change your marketing preferences at any time by amending your membership profile online , or by telephoning or writing to the Executive Club .
If you receive marketing communications as a registered customer you can change your marketing preferences at any time by amending your profile through Change My Details .
If you consented to receive marketing communications when you made a booking or requested a brochure or when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion you can tell us that you do not wish to receive any more by writing , with your full name , address and other contact details ( to enable us to find your records ) , to :
Waterside ( HCAG )
If you tell us that you do not wish to receive further direct marketing , you will still receive communications confirming and servicing any bookings you make with us , and , if you are an Executive Club member , we will continue to keep you informed about your membership benefits and entitlements .
If you are a Vodafone Live ! customer who registered with Vodafone for text message alerts , you can unsubscribe at any time by visiting the Vodafone Live ! British Airways WAP site where you originally subscribed , and following the unsubscribe link .
Who can your data be disclosed to
Disclosure of your data to others may be necessary to ensure the smooth provision to you of the products , services and information you request .
Your booking and travel data may be disclosed to the other entities described above under the heading `` How we use your booking data '' .
If you consent to direct marketing , your details will be used and disclosed in the manner set out under the heading Direct Marketing and how can you change your marketing preference ? .
How may you amend data submitted by you
If you are an Executive Club member you can change your personal details at any time by amending your membership profile online , or by telephoning or writing to the Executive Club .
If you are a registered customer you can change your personal details at any time by amending your profile through Change My Details .
If you consented to receive marketing communications when you requested a brochure or made a booking , or when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion you can change your personal details at any time by writing , with your full name , address and other contact details ( to enable us to find your records ) to :
Waterside ( HCAG )
If you require any further guidance on updating the details we hold about you , please contact us .
If you are a Vodafone Live ! customer who registered with Vodafone for text message alerts , you can update your details at any time by unsubscribing and re-subscribing for the service - just visit the Vodafone Live ! British Airways WAP site where you originally subscribed , and follow the relevant links .
Text Message ( SMS ) Alerting
Vodafone offers its Vodafone Live ! customers the opportunity to receive text message alerts about exclusive fares and other special offers from the British Airways group .
This service is owned by Vodafone and operated by Digital Rum , on behalf of Vodafone .
If you subscribe to the text message alert service , Vodafone will pass your mobile telephone number to Digital Rum for use for the purposes of the service .
Your mobile telephone number will not be passed to the British Airways group .
You can unsubscribe for text message alerts at any time by visiting the Vodafone Live ! British Airways WAP site where you originally subscribed , and following the unsubscribe link .
What countries will your data pass through
We want our customers to benefit from British Airways ' international connections .
Accordingly , in operating this site , as outlined in this privacy policy , we may send data about site visitors through or to other countries , both inside and outside Europe .
Why do we link to other websites
We use links to other Internet sites to improve your experience of our website .
We will always seek to make these links clear by opening them in a new window of your web browser .
However , please be aware that these websites may be owned and run by other companies and organisations .
British Airways does not endorse any such websites and we are not responsible for the information , material , products or services contained on or accessible through those websites .
Your access and use of such websites remains solely at your own risk .
We can not accept responsibility for any information you divulge to a linked website .
Confidentiality of your booking reference
When you make a booking you will be given a booking reference ( also known as a PNR or Passenger Name Record ) .
This will appear on the ticket of each person in your booking .
We advise that your booking reference should be kept confidential at all times .
Disclosure of your booking reference to others may allow them to access your booking details and itinerary through our system .
If you are travelling with others and would not like your individual booking details accessed by them , you may prefer to have each person make separate bookings , to be individually paid for .
How do we keep your data secure
We take the security of your data very seriously .
Please link to our security policy to see what steps we take to keep the information you give to us secure .
Do we take statistical data
We try to ensure that our website offers visitors exactly what they are looking for - to help us achieve this goal we may analyse data collected by cookies about how you use our emails and the website and link this to other information we have collected about you .
Such data also helps us to measure the success of our advertising campaigns .
We may also collect Internet Protocol addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration , and under normal circumstances we do n't link these addresses to any person 's name or identity .
It is possible , in case of dispute with British Airways and where it is relevant to the facts of that dispute , that we could contact your internet service provider to link an Internet Protocol address to a person 's name or identity .
Can we make changes to this policy
There may be developments in how we use your data - all such developments will be notified to you by updating this policy .

By accessing or subscribing to any part of these sites , you are explicitly agreeing to the terms and conditions below .
These terms and conditions were updated as on December 1 , 2003 , and Business Standard Ltd reserves all rights to change , modify or alter these terms and conditions at any point of time with or without notifying existing users and subscribers .
If you do not agree to the new terms and conditions you should not use the business-standard.com and other associated sites mentioned above .
Paid users will be refunded the unexpired portions of their subscriptions on a pro rata basis if they send us an email within 72 hours of changes made in the terms and conditions .
From time to time BS or business-standard.com may run competitions , prize schemes , promotions and surveys on all its websites .
These may be subject to additional terms and conditions that will be specified at the time they are run .
1 ) Access to BS and related websites
All content - textual , still pictures , graphs , voice or video - made available on BS sites ( including content available on our email newsletters and SMS services ) ( hereinafter referred to as the `` content '' ) belongs to BS or its content partners or licensors .
BS or its partners/licensors own all intellectual property rights ( including copyright and database rights ) in the content .
You may retrieve and view content on a computer screen , PDA or mobile telephone , print individual pages on paper ( but not photocopy them ) and store such pages in electronic form on disk or on your mobile telephone ( but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network ) for your personal , non-commercial use .
You may also email articles to a maximum of five individuals using our 'email this ' service .
You may not use the BS sites for any unlawful purpose .
Except as indicated above , you may not reproduce , publish , broadcast , transmit , modify , adapt , create derivative works of , store , archive or in any way commercially exploit any of the content .
Without limitation , you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from BS ( and neither may you allow a third party to do any of the same
redistribute or resell any of the content , including our headlines
create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content ; or
deep link to , frame , spider , harvest or scrape the content or otherwise access the content for similar purposes ; or
use any machine , electronic , web-based or similar device to read or extract the content by automated techniques .
2 ) Reprint and republication rights
3 ) Links to BS websites
If you would like to link to any of the BS sites , please read and comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws .
A site or service that links to a BS site :
may display a BS logo
may not distort or alter the size or appearance of the logo ;
may link to the homepage of a BS site or any other site BS has given prior written permission ;
must not in any way imply that BS is endorsing it or its products or services ;
must not misrepresent its relationship with BS or present false information about BS ;
must not be a site or service that infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or that otherwise does not comply with all relevant laws and regulations ;
must not be a site or service that contains content that could be construed as distasteful or offensive to public morality and ethics .
BS expressly reserves the right to require that any link in breach of these terms and conditions be removed and to take whatever other action it deems appropriate .
Privacy policy and registration
All information received by you from your use of the BS sites will be used by BS in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
On registration , you must provide BS with accurate , complete registration information and it is your responsibility to update and maintain changes to that information on the applicable BS site registration pages .
This is particularly important if you subscribe to any paid services or newsletters of BS .
Each registration is for a single user only .
On registration , you will choose a user name and password ( ID ) .
BS does not permit any other person sharing your user name and password or access through a single name and password being made available to multiple users on a network .
BS may cancel or suspend your access to the BS sites if you do this without further obligation to you .
You are responsible for all use of the BS sites made by you or anyone else using your ID and for preventing unauthorised use of your ID .
We recommend that you do not select an obvious user password ( such as your name ) and that you change it regularly .
If you provide BS with an email address that will result in any emails or SMS messages from BS being sent to you via a computer network or telephone operated or owned by a third party ( e.g . your employer or your institution ) then you warrant that you are entitled to receive those messages .
You also agree that BS may refrain from sending messages to you without notifying you , even if you have subscribed to receive them , if we receive a request from a third party to stop sending emails or SMS messages to you .
Technical requirements and site security
The BS Sites are best viewed using the Internet browser IE 5.5 or higher versions .
Any older browser versions may work but users could have a limited browsing experience .
The BS site may not work well with Netscape versions .
Payments to BS online are facilitated through CCAvenues.com .
Any payments made through business-standard.com must meet the terms and conditions indicated by ccavenues.com .
Warranties and limitation of liability
The BS content is for your general information and use and is not intended to address your particular business or other requirements .
In particular , the content does not constitute any form of advice , recommendation , representation , endorsement or arrangement by BS and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making ( or refraining from making ) any specific investment or other decisions .
Appropriate independent advice should be obtained before making any such decisions .
Any agreements , transactions or other arrangements made between you and any third party named on ( or linked to from ) the BS sites are at your sole risk and responsibility .
Any information that you receive via the BS sites whether or not it is classified as `` real time '' , may have ceased to be current by the time it reaches you and share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore will not be entirely accurate .
BS is not responsible for any use of the content by you outside its scope as stated in these terms and conditions .
WHAT WE DO NOT GUARANTEE
BS DOES NOT GIVE ANY WARRANTIES IN RESPECT OF THE BS SITES .
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , BS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES , CONDITIONS OR DUTIES OF EVERY NATURE WHATSOEVER ( EXCEPT ANY DUTIES OF GOOD FAITH ) , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION , ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY , MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , ANY EXPRESS OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES , AND ANY WARRANTIES OR DUTIES REGARDING ACCURACY , TIMELINESS , COMPLETENESS , PERFORMANCE , AVAILABILITY , LACK OF NEGLIGENCE OR OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT .
NEITHER DO WE PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE BS SITES ARE FREE FROM INFECTION BY VIRUSES OR ANYTHING ELSE THAT HAS CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES .
TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES WHICH RELATE TO YOUR BUSINESS OR INVESTMENT CHOICES OR WHICH ARE NOT A DIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF PRIVACY OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA ) OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF YOU USING THE BS SITES OUTSIDE THE SCOPE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
IN ADDITION TO BUT SEPARATE FROM THE ABOVE SPECIFIC EXCLUSION AND TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU ALSO AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OTHER INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL INCIDENTAL , PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT ARISE OUT OF OR ARE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
BS SHALL USE REASONABLE ENDEAVOURS TO PROMPTLY REMEDY ANY FAULTS IN THE BS SITES OF WHICH IT IS AWARE .
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ONLY OTHER REMEDY ( INCLUDING FOR NEGLIGENCE ) FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( TO THE EXTENT THAT BS 'S LIABILITY IS NOT EXCLUDED BY THIS SECTION 5 ) IS AS FOLLOWS : -
IF YOU HAVE SUBSCRIBED TO RECEIVE ANY PAID FOR SERVICES , YOUR REMEDY IS LIMITED TO THE DIRECT DAMAGES YOU ACTUALLY INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
THIS IS SUBJECT TO A LIMIT EQUAL TO THE ANNUAL FEE ( OR ANY OTHER PERIOD ) PAID BY YOU TO BS PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DURING THE YEAR IN WHICH THE DAMAGE IS INCURRED .
YOU MAY AT YOUR OPTION RECEIVE PAID SERVICES TO THE EQUIVALENT VALUE OF THIS LIMIT IN PLACE OF MONETARY DAMAGES .
IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURSIDICTION DETERMINES THAT EITHER OF THE ABOVE LIMITS ON OUR LIABILITY ARE UNENFORCEABLE , THEN YOU AGREE THAT IN ANY EVENT OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED DAMAGES GREATER THAN THE VALUE OF THE RELEVANT ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FEE .
Without limiting the above , BS is not liable for matters beyond its reasonable control .
BS does not control telephones , third party communications networks ( including your Internet Service Provider ) or the Internet or the acts of third parties .
Third party sites and services
The BS sites may contain links to other Internet websites or online and mobile services provided by independent third parties ( `` Third party sites '' ) , either directly or through frames .
Third party sites may be co-branded with BS and so include BS 's trade mark .
BS is not responsible for the availability or content of Third party sites and will not be a party to , or in any way responsible for , any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third party sites .
If you purchase products or services from a Third party site your contract for such products or services will be with the third party and not with BS .
Our privacy policy does not apply to Third party sites .
The BS sites contain advertising and sponsorship .
Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the BS sites comply with international and national law .
BS will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising or sponsorship material .
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with laws of the Government of India .
Users of BS websites also explicitly agree that only courts in India shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of , under , or in connection with these terms and conditions , and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of Indian courts .
You may not assign , sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions .
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid by any Indian court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect .
Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these terms and conditions does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy .
Headings in these terms and conditions are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect .
( a ) General
BS operates several paid services ( See `` SUBSCRIBE '' section , or click here for details ) .
By subscribing to receive any of these services , as well as the above terms and conditions , you are also agreeing to the following terms :
You agree to pay any subscription fees at the rates in effect when the charges are incurred .
You must provide us with complete and accurate payment information .
You can pay by either credit or debit card through your bank 's internet payment gateway .
By submitting credit or debit card payment details to BS you warrant that you are entitled to purchase the subscription services using those payment details .
In the case of unauthorised payments BS reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the online services .
If we do not receive payment authorisation or any authorisation is subsequently cancelled , we may immediately terminate or suspend your access to any paid-for services .
BS will try to process your subscription promptly but does not guarantee that the paid services will be available to you by any specified time .
A contract with you for receipt of the paid services will come into effect when BS sends you an email message confirming your subscription details .
BS will charge you in Indian rupees ( INR ) , and any payment in other any other currency will be calculated at the relevant rates of exchange .
You may also have to pay any applicable local taxes .
BS will not entertain any dispute about the rate at which your currency is converted into Indian rupees since these transactions are determined through the agreements CCAVENUES , our payment gateway partners , has with banks and credit card companies .
( b ) business-standard.com subscription services
Certain areas of the BS sites are only accessible to users who pay to subscribe .
There are two levels of subscription - free content for registered users , which mostly contains content upto 72 hours old ; and paid subscription , which allows you complete access to relevant content , including all content in our archives , in the section of choice or the entire website , or through newsletters .
Cancelling or changing your online subscription : When you subscribe we may give you a free trial .
BS will refund you the unexpired portion of the subscription on a pro rata basis .
This means that BS will refund you or credit your account with any amounts you have paid us in advance that relate to any remaining period of your subscription .
Any cancellation will be effective only once BS receives notice of it .
( c ) BS print newspaper and magazine subscriptions
You can subscribe to our offline/print publications by the method indicated in our `` SUBSCRIBE '' section ( Click here to go to SUBSCRIBE section ) .
PAYMENT FOR PRINT PUBLICATION SUBSCRIPTIONS THROUGH THE BUSINESS-STANDARD.COM WEBSITE MEANS COMPLETE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
The official address of BS
Business Standard Ltd , Nehru House , 4 , Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg , New Delhi 110002 .
All communication , including notices and legal communications , should be addressed to The Editor , Business Standard , at the above address .
Changes to Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions are effective from December 1 , 2003 .
By accessing or subscribing to any part of these sites , you are explicitly agreeing to the terms and conditions below .
These terms and conditions were updated as on December 1 , 2003 , and Business Standard Ltd reserves all rights to change , modify or alter these terms and conditions at any point of time with or without notifying existing users and subscribers .
If you do not agree to the new terms and conditions you should not use the business-standard.com and other associated sites mentioned above .
Paid users will be refunded the unexpired portions of their subscriptions on a pro rata basis if they send us an email within 72 hours of changes made in the terms and conditions .
From time to time BS or business-standard.com may run competitions , prize schemes , promotions and surveys on all its websites .
These may be subject to additional terms and conditions that will be specified at the time they are run .
1 ) Access to BS and related websites
All content - textual , still pictures , graphs , voice or video - made available on BS sites ( including content available on our email newsletters and SMS services ) ( hereinafter referred to as the `` content '' ) belongs to BS or its content partners or licensors .
BS or its partners/licensors own all intellectual property rights ( including copyright and database rights ) in the content .
You may retrieve and view content on a computer screen , PDA or mobile telephone , print individual pages on paper ( but not photocopy them ) and store such pages in electronic form on disk or on your mobile telephone ( but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network ) for your personal , non-commercial use .
You may also email articles to a maximum of five individuals using our 'email this ' service .
You may not use the BS sites for any unlawful purpose .
Except as indicated above , you may not reproduce , publish , broadcast , transmit , modify , adapt , create derivative works of , store , archive or in any way commercially exploit any of the content .
Without limitation , you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from BS ( and neither may you allow a third party to do any of the same
redistribute or resell any of the content , including our headlines
create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content ; or
deep link to , frame , spider , harvest or scrape the content or otherwise access the content for similar purposes ; or
use any machine , electronic , web-based or similar device to read or extract the content by automated techniques .
2 ) Reprint and republication rights
3 ) Links to BS websites
If you would like to link to any of the BS sites , please read and comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws .
A site or service that links to a BS site :
may display a BS logo
may not distort or alter the size or appearance of the logo ;
may link to the homepage of a BS site or any other site BS has given prior written permission ;
must not in any way imply that BS is endorsing it or its products or services ;
must not misrepresent its relationship with BS or present false information about BS ;
must not be a site or service that infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or that otherwise does not comply with all relevant laws and regulations ;
must not be a site or service that contains content that could be construed as distasteful or offensive to public morality and ethics .
BS expressly reserves the right to require that any link in breach of these terms and conditions be removed and to take whatever other action it deems appropriate .
Privacy policy and registration
All information received by you from your use of the BS sites will be used by BS in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
On registration , you must provide BS with accurate , complete registration information and it is your responsibility to update and maintain changes to that information on the applicable BS site registration pages .
This is particularly important if you subscribe to any paid services or newsletters of BS .
Each registration is for a single user only .
On registration , you will choose a user name and password ( ID ) .
BS does not permit any other person sharing your user name and password or access through a single name and password being made available to multiple users on a network .
BS may cancel or suspend your access to the BS sites if you do this without further obligation to you .
You are responsible for all use of the BS sites made by you or anyone else using your ID and for preventing unauthorised use of your ID .
We recommend that you do not select an obvious user password ( such as your name ) and that you change it regularly .
If you provide BS with an email address that will result in any emails or SMS messages from BS being sent to you via a computer network or telephone operated or owned by a third party ( e.g . your employer or your institution ) then you warrant that you are entitled to receive those messages .
You also agree that BS may refrain from sending messages to you without notifying you , even if you have subscribed to receive them , if we receive a request from a third party to stop sending emails or SMS messages to you .
Technical requirements and site security
The BS Sites are best viewed using the Internet browser IE 5.5 or higher versions .
Any older browser versions may work but users could have a limited browsing experience .
The BS site may not work well with Netscape versions .
Payments to BS online are facilitated through CCAvenues.com .
Any payments made through business-standard.com must meet the terms and conditions indicated by ccavenues.com .
Warranties and limitation of liability
The BS content is for your general information and use and is not intended to address your particular business or other requirements .
In particular , the content does not constitute any form of advice , recommendation , representation , endorsement or arrangement by BS and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making ( or refraining from making ) any specific investment or other decisions .
Appropriate independent advice should be obtained before making any such decisions .
Any agreements , transactions or other arrangements made between you and any third party named on ( or linked to from ) the BS sites are at your sole risk and responsibility .
Any information that you receive via the BS sites whether or not it is classified as `` real time '' , may have ceased to be current by the time it reaches you and share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore will not be entirely accurate .
BS is not responsible for any use of the content by you outside its scope as stated in these terms and conditions .
WHAT WE DO NOT GUARANTEE
BS DOES NOT GIVE ANY WARRANTIES IN RESPECT OF THE BS SITES .
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , BS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES , CONDITIONS OR DUTIES OF EVERY NATURE WHATSOEVER ( EXCEPT ANY DUTIES OF GOOD FAITH ) , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION , ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY , MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , ANY EXPRESS OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES , AND ANY WARRANTIES OR DUTIES REGARDING ACCURACY , TIMELINESS , COMPLETENESS , PERFORMANCE , AVAILABILITY , LACK OF NEGLIGENCE OR OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT .
NEITHER DO WE PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE BS SITES ARE FREE FROM INFECTION BY VIRUSES OR ANYTHING ELSE THAT HAS CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES .
TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES WHICH RELATE TO YOUR BUSINESS OR INVESTMENT CHOICES OR WHICH ARE NOT A DIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF PRIVACY OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA ) OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF YOU USING THE BS SITES OUTSIDE THE SCOPE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
IN ADDITION TO BUT SEPARATE FROM THE ABOVE SPECIFIC EXCLUSION AND TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU ALSO AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OTHER INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL INCIDENTAL , PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT ARISE OUT OF OR ARE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
BS SHALL USE REASONABLE ENDEAVOURS TO PROMPTLY REMEDY ANY FAULTS IN THE BS SITES OF WHICH IT IS AWARE .
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ONLY OTHER REMEDY ( INCLUDING FOR NEGLIGENCE ) FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( TO THE EXTENT THAT BS 'S LIABILITY IS NOT EXCLUDED BY THIS SECTION 5 ) IS AS FOLLOWS : -
IF YOU HAVE SUBSCRIBED TO RECEIVE ANY PAID FOR SERVICES , YOUR REMEDY IS LIMITED TO THE DIRECT DAMAGES YOU ACTUALLY INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
THIS IS SUBJECT TO A LIMIT EQUAL TO THE ANNUAL FEE ( OR ANY OTHER PERIOD ) PAID BY YOU TO BS PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DURING THE YEAR IN WHICH THE DAMAGE IS INCURRED .
YOU MAY AT YOUR OPTION RECEIVE PAID SERVICES TO THE EQUIVALENT VALUE OF THIS LIMIT IN PLACE OF MONETARY DAMAGES .
IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURSIDICTION DETERMINES THAT EITHER OF THE ABOVE LIMITS ON OUR LIABILITY ARE UNENFORCEABLE , THEN YOU AGREE THAT IN ANY EVENT OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED DAMAGES GREATER THAN THE VALUE OF THE RELEVANT ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FEE .
Without limiting the above , BS is not liable for matters beyond its reasonable control .
BS does not control telephones , third party communications networks ( including your Internet Service Provider ) or the Internet or the acts of third parties .
Third party sites and services
The BS sites may contain links to other Internet websites or online and mobile services provided by independent third parties ( `` Third party sites '' ) , either directly or through frames .
Third party sites may be co-branded with BS and so include BS 's trade mark .
BS is not responsible for the availability or content of Third party sites and will not be a party to , or in any way responsible for , any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third party sites .
If you purchase products or services from a Third party site your contract for such products or services will be with the third party and not with BS .
Our privacy policy does not apply to Third party sites .
The BS sites contain advertising and sponsorship .
Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the BS sites comply with international and national law .
BS will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising or sponsorship material .
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with laws of the Government of India .
Users of BS websites also explicitly agree that only courts in India shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of , under , or in connection with these terms and conditions , and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of Indian courts .
You may not assign , sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions .
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid by any Indian court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect .
Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these terms and conditions does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy .
Headings in these terms and conditions are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect .
( a ) General
BS operates several paid services ( See `` SUBSCRIBE '' section , or click here for details ) .
By subscribing to receive any of these services , as well as the above terms and conditions , you are also agreeing to the following terms :
You agree to pay any subscription fees at the rates in effect when the charges are incurred .
You must provide us with complete and accurate payment information .
You can pay by either credit or debit card through your bank 's internet payment gateway .
By submitting credit or debit card payment details to BS you warrant that you are entitled to purchase the subscription services using those payment details .
In the case of unauthorised payments BS reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the online services .
If we do not receive payment authorisation or any authorisation is subsequently cancelled , we may immediately terminate or suspend your access to any paid-for services .
BS will try to process your subscription promptly but does not guarantee that the paid services will be available to you by any specified time .
A contract with you for receipt of the paid services will come into effect when BS sends you an email message confirming your subscription details .
BS will charge you in Indian rupees ( INR ) , and any payment in other any other currency will be calculated at the relevant rates of exchange .
You may also have to pay any applicable local taxes .
BS will not entertain any dispute about the rate at which your currency is converted into Indian rupees since these transactions are determined through the agreements CCAVENUES , our payment gateway partners , has with banks and credit card companies .
( b ) business-standard.com subscription services
Certain areas of the BS sites are only accessible to users who pay to subscribe .
There are two levels of subscription - free content for registered users , which mostly contains content upto 72 hours old ; and paid subscription , which allows you complete access to relevant content , including all content in our archives , in the section of choice or the entire website , or through newsletters .
Cancelling or changing your online subscription : When you subscribe we may give you a free trial .
BS will refund you the unexpired portion of the subscription on a pro rata basis .
This means that BS will refund you or credit your account with any amounts you have paid us in advance that relate to any remaining period of your subscription .
Any cancellation will be effective only once BS receives notice of it .
( c ) BS print newspaper and magazine subscriptions
You can subscribe to our offline/print publications by the method indicated in our `` SUBSCRIBE '' section ( Click here to go to SUBSCRIBE section ) .
PAYMENT FOR PRINT PUBLICATION SUBSCRIPTIONS THROUGH THE BUSINESS-STANDARD.COM WEBSITE MEANS COMPLETE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
The official address of BS
Business Standard Ltd , Nehru House , 4 , Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg , New Delhi 110002 .
All communication , including notices and legal communications , should be addressed to The Editor , Business Standard , at the above address .
Changes to Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions are effective from December 1 , 2003 .
By accessing or subscribing to any part of these sites , you are explicitly agreeing to the terms and conditions below .
These terms and conditions were updated as on December 1 , 2003 , and Business Standard Ltd reserves all rights to change , modify or alter these terms and conditions at any point of time with or without notifying existing users and subscribers .
If you do not agree to the new terms and conditions you should not use the business-standard.com and other associated sites mentioned above .
Paid users will be refunded the unexpired portions of their subscriptions on a pro rata basis if they send us an email within 72 hours of changes made in the terms and conditions .
From time to time BS or business-standard.com may run competitions , prize schemes , promotions and surveys on all its websites .
These may be subject to additional terms and conditions that will be specified at the time they are run .
1 ) Access to BS and related websites
All content - textual , still pictures , graphs , voice or video - made available on BS sites ( including content available on our email newsletters and SMS services ) ( hereinafter referred to as the `` content '' ) belongs to BS or its content partners or licensors .
BS or its partners/licensors own all intellectual property rights ( including copyright and database rights ) in the content .
You may retrieve and view content on a computer screen , PDA or mobile telephone , print individual pages on paper ( but not photocopy them ) and store such pages in electronic form on disk or on your mobile telephone ( but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network ) for your personal , non-commercial use .
You may also email articles to a maximum of five individuals using our 'email this ' service .
You may not use the BS sites for any unlawful purpose .
Except as indicated above , you may not reproduce , publish , broadcast , transmit , modify , adapt , create derivative works of , store , archive or in any way commercially exploit any of the content .
Without limitation , you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from BS ( and neither may you allow a third party to do any of the same
redistribute or resell any of the content , including our headlines
create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content ; or
deep link to , frame , spider , harvest or scrape the content or otherwise access the content for similar purposes ; or
use any machine , electronic , web-based or similar device to read or extract the content by automated techniques .
2 ) Reprint and republication rights
3 ) Links to BS websites
If you would like to link to any of the BS sites , please read and comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws .
A site or service that links to a BS site :
may display a BS logo
may not distort or alter the size or appearance of the logo ;
may link to the homepage of a BS site or any other site BS has given prior written permission ;
must not in any way imply that BS is endorsing it or its products or services ;
must not misrepresent its relationship with BS or present false information about BS ;
must not be a site or service that infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or that otherwise does not comply with all relevant laws and regulations ;
must not be a site or service that contains content that could be construed as distasteful or offensive to public morality and ethics .
BS expressly reserves the right to require that any link in breach of these terms and conditions be removed and to take whatever other action it deems appropriate .
Privacy policy and registration
All information received by you from your use of the BS sites will be used by BS in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
On registration , you must provide BS with accurate , complete registration information and it is your responsibility to update and maintain changes to that information on the applicable BS site registration pages .
This is particularly important if you subscribe to any paid services or newsletters of BS .
Each registration is for a single user only .
On registration , you will choose a user name and password ( ID ) .
BS does not permit any other person sharing your user name and password or access through a single name and password being made available to multiple users on a network .
BS may cancel or suspend your access to the BS sites if you do this without further obligation to you .
You are responsible for all use of the BS sites made by you or anyone else using your ID and for preventing unauthorised use of your ID .
We recommend that you do not select an obvious user password ( such as your name ) and that you change it regularly .
If you provide BS with an email address that will result in any emails or SMS messages from BS being sent to you via a computer network or telephone operated or owned by a third party ( e.g . your employer or your institution ) then you warrant that you are entitled to receive those messages .
You also agree that BS may refrain from sending messages to you without notifying you , even if you have subscribed to receive them , if we receive a request from a third party to stop sending emails or SMS messages to you .
Technical requirements and site security
The BS Sites are best viewed using the Internet browser IE 5.5 or higher versions .
Any older browser versions may work but users could have a limited browsing experience .
The BS site may not work well with Netscape versions .
Payments to BS online are facilitated through CCAvenues.com .
Any payments made through business-standard.com must meet the terms and conditions indicated by ccavenues.com .
Warranties and limitation of liability
The BS content is for your general information and use and is not intended to address your particular business or other requirements .
In particular , the content does not constitute any form of advice , recommendation , representation , endorsement or arrangement by BS and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making ( or refraining from making ) any specific investment or other decisions .
Appropriate independent advice should be obtained before making any such decisions .
Any agreements , transactions or other arrangements made between you and any third party named on ( or linked to from ) the BS sites are at your sole risk and responsibility .
Any information that you receive via the BS sites whether or not it is classified as `` real time '' , may have ceased to be current by the time it reaches you and share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore will not be entirely accurate .
BS is not responsible for any use of the content by you outside its scope as stated in these terms and conditions .
WHAT WE DO NOT GUARANTEE
BS DOES NOT GIVE ANY WARRANTIES IN RESPECT OF THE BS SITES .
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , BS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES , CONDITIONS OR DUTIES OF EVERY NATURE WHATSOEVER ( EXCEPT ANY DUTIES OF GOOD FAITH ) , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION , ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY , MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , ANY EXPRESS OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES , AND ANY WARRANTIES OR DUTIES REGARDING ACCURACY , TIMELINESS , COMPLETENESS , PERFORMANCE , AVAILABILITY , LACK OF NEGLIGENCE OR OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT .
NEITHER DO WE PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE BS SITES ARE FREE FROM INFECTION BY VIRUSES OR ANYTHING ELSE THAT HAS CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES .
TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES WHICH RELATE TO YOUR BUSINESS OR INVESTMENT CHOICES OR WHICH ARE NOT A DIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF PRIVACY OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA ) OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF YOU USING THE BS SITES OUTSIDE THE SCOPE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
IN ADDITION TO BUT SEPARATE FROM THE ABOVE SPECIFIC EXCLUSION AND TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU ALSO AGREE THAT BS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OTHER INDIRECT , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL INCIDENTAL , PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT ARISE OUT OF OR ARE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
BS SHALL USE REASONABLE ENDEAVOURS TO PROMPTLY REMEDY ANY FAULTS IN THE BS SITES OF WHICH IT IS AWARE .
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ONLY OTHER REMEDY ( INCLUDING FOR NEGLIGENCE ) FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES ( TO THE EXTENT THAT BS 'S LIABILITY IS NOT EXCLUDED BY THIS SECTION 5 ) IS AS FOLLOWS : -
IF YOU HAVE SUBSCRIBED TO RECEIVE ANY PAID FOR SERVICES , YOUR REMEDY IS LIMITED TO THE DIRECT DAMAGES YOU ACTUALLY INCUR ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE BS SITES .
THIS IS SUBJECT TO A LIMIT EQUAL TO THE ANNUAL FEE ( OR ANY OTHER PERIOD ) PAID BY YOU TO BS PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DURING THE YEAR IN WHICH THE DAMAGE IS INCURRED .
YOU MAY AT YOUR OPTION RECEIVE PAID SERVICES TO THE EQUIVALENT VALUE OF THIS LIMIT IN PLACE OF MONETARY DAMAGES .
IF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURSIDICTION DETERMINES THAT EITHER OF THE ABOVE LIMITS ON OUR LIABILITY ARE UNENFORCEABLE , THEN YOU AGREE THAT IN ANY EVENT OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED DAMAGES GREATER THAN THE VALUE OF THE RELEVANT ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FEE .
Without limiting the above , BS is not liable for matters beyond its reasonable control .
BS does not control telephones , third party communications networks ( including your Internet Service Provider ) or the Internet or the acts of third parties .
Third party sites and services
The BS sites may contain links to other Internet websites or online and mobile services provided by independent third parties ( `` Third party sites '' ) , either directly or through frames .
Third party sites may be co-branded with BS and so include BS 's trade mark .
BS is not responsible for the availability or content of Third party sites and will not be a party to , or in any way responsible for , any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third party sites .
If you purchase products or services from a Third party site your contract for such products or services will be with the third party and not with BS .
Our privacy policy does not apply to Third party sites .
The BS sites contain advertising and sponsorship .
Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the BS sites comply with international and national law .
BS will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising or sponsorship material .
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with laws of the Government of India .
Users of BS websites also explicitly agree that only courts in India shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of , under , or in connection with these terms and conditions , and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of Indian courts .
You may not assign , sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions .
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid by any Indian court having competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions , which shall remain in full force and effect .
Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these terms and conditions does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy .
Headings in these terms and conditions are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect .
( a ) General
BS operates several paid services ( See `` SUBSCRIBE '' section , or click here for details ) .
By subscribing to receive any of these services , as well as the above terms and conditions , you are also agreeing to the following terms :
You agree to pay any subscription fees at the rates in effect when the charges are incurred .
You must provide us with complete and accurate payment information .
You can pay by either credit or debit card through your bank 's internet payment gateway .
By submitting credit or debit card payment details to BS you warrant that you are entitled to purchase the subscription services using those payment details .
In the case of unauthorised payments BS reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the online services .
If we do not receive payment authorisation or any authorisation is subsequently cancelled , we may immediately terminate or suspend your access to any paid-for services .
BS will try to process your subscription promptly but does not guarantee that the paid services will be available to you by any specified time .
A contract with you for receipt of the paid services will come into effect when BS sends you an email message confirming your subscription details .
BS will charge you in Indian rupees ( INR ) , and any payment in other any other currency will be calculated at the relevant rates of exchange .
You may also have to pay any applicable local taxes .
BS will not entertain any dispute about the rate at which your currency is converted into Indian rupees since these transactions are determined through the agreements CCAVENUES , our payment gateway partners , has with banks and credit card companies .
( b ) business-standard.com subscription services
Certain areas of the BS sites are only accessible to users who pay to subscribe .
There are two levels of subscription - free content for registered users , which mostly contains content upto 72 hours old ; and paid subscription , which allows you complete access to relevant content , including all content in our archives , in the section of choice or the entire website , or through newsletters .
Cancelling or changing your online subscription : When you subscribe we may give you a free trial .
BS will refund you the unexpired portion of the subscription on a pro rata basis .
This means that BS will refund you or credit your account with any amounts you have paid us in advance that relate to any remaining period of your subscription .
Any cancellation will be effective only once BS receives notice of it .
( c ) BS print newspaper and magazine subscriptions
You can subscribe to our offline/print publications by the method indicated in our `` SUBSCRIBE '' section ( Click here to go to SUBSCRIBE section ) .
PAYMENT FOR PRINT PUBLICATION SUBSCRIPTIONS THROUGH THE BUSINESS-STANDARD.COM WEBSITE MEANS COMPLETE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
The official address of BS
Business Standard Ltd , Nehru House , 4 , Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg , New Delhi 110002 .
All communication , including notices and legal communications , should be addressed to The Editor , Business Standard , at the above address .
Changes to Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions are effective from December 1 , 2003 .

Last Updated : November 18 , 2013
Bloomberg L.P. ( `` BLP '' ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively `` Bloomberg '' ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) .
Collection and Use of Personal Information
BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc .
For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion .
This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you .
We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here .
You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here .
Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you .
Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase .
Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law .
Use of Cookies and Other Electronic Tools
BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use `` cookies , '' Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites .
This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site .
BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc .
However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information .
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources .
If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web .
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device .
The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data .
You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web .
Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc . ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one .
Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device .
However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests .
BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites .
Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you .
We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site .
The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
For information about online behavioral advertising networks and how to `` opt out '' of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( `` NAI '' ) member networks , please click here .
Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by the NAI member networks , you will still receive online advertising .
BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site .
For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here .
Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information
BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis .
Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( `` Third-Party Provider '' ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you .
You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here .
Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers .
If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated .
If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use .
Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy .
BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly .
The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg .
Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies .
Accuracy and Security of Personal Information
Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers .
BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information .
To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service .
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here .
While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws .
Transfer of Personal Information To Other Countries
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country .
By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers .
Links To Third-Party Websites
BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites .
Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites .
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Please include `` California Privacy Rights '' in the Subject line of your email .
Attn : Legal Department
New York , NY 10022
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page .
Such changes will be effective upon posting .

This privacy policy describes how Cabela 's Inc .
( `` Cabela 's '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our Tech Resources .
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Cabela 's Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personally identifiable information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software or other Tech Resources .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Cabela 's Inc .
Sidney , NE 69160
Welcome to the Cabela 's Online Store .
In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store , Cabela 's has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online .
Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from our catalog or retail showrooms .
For each visitor to our web site , our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer 's domain name and e-mail address ( where possible ) .
What personally identifiable information is being collected ?
When you visit or make use of Cabela 's Tech Resources , you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested .
For example , when you order a product , we may ask you to become a registered user of our web site , during which you will be asked for your name , shipping and billing addresses , your e-mail address , and your credit card number or other payment-related information .
If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives , we will also store a record of your request along with your e-mail address .
In addition , our Web servers track various technical details about your visit , such as you computer 's IP address and which pages you visited , however that information does not typically contain any personally identifiable information about you .
We use this information to monitor and improve our Tech Resources as well as personalize your experience with Cabela 's through direct on-line advertising .
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer 's name .
We do obtain the customer 's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial .
When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate .
This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not stored .
Our web site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Cabela 's Inc .
If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those web sites , your information is governed by their privacy policy .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit .
How is the personally identifiable information being used ?
The personally identifiable information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have requested or that we think you might have an interest in .
It is also used to improve the content of our web site , to notify you of problems with your requests , or to update you about changes to our web site .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
With whom do we share your personally identifiable information ?
In order to operate this web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested , we occasionally need to share information with third parties .
We may transmit your personally identifiable information to service providers who assist us with processing orders , shipping products to you , processing your payment information , sending you catalogs , conducting surveys and product reviews , on- and offline sweepstakes , contests or promotions , processing job applications , sending you e-mails and newsletters , and helping us decide whether to extend credit to you ( for example , the Cabela 's CLUB Visa card ) .
We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Policy .
Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Policies which may give you additional protections , so you are encouraged to read those policies when presented to you .
These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us .
We use software tools and service providers to help us gather and analyze information about our customers ( anonymous traffic , and from time to time , individual user activity ) on our web site .
By reporting and tracking ads served on our site , these service providers help us conduct our business , optimize our ad campaigns through the use of data analytics , and deliver the most relevant products and services .
They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes .
We use one or more service providers to send direct marketing messages on our behalf via email .
Their only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver marketing messages that we believe are the most relevant to you .
They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes .
We also use a service provider for tracking and processing job applications .
No personally identifiable information is collected unless specifically entered by the user .
This information is only used in connection with applying for a position at Cabela 's Inc .
You may review this vendor 's privacy policy here or to have your information deleted from the career database , please email to this address .
We contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this web site .
They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our web site or on other sites that you visit .
The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag , which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
If you do not want these service providers to collect this information you may opt out .
Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our web site .
When you download an application from us for use on your smartphone , we use a service provider to provide marketing messages to your device based on your location through their software platform .
You must opt-in to both location services and push notifications in order for the application to deliver marketing messages to your device .
If you choose to use our referral service on the Corporate Outfitter section of our web site to email a colleague , we will ask you for that email address only .
We do not store the email address or any information included and it is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
Your colleague may contact us at our Customer Service e-mail address to request that we remove this information from our database .
How do I access , update , or delete my personally identifiable information ?
If you are a registered user of the web site , you can manage many aspects of your registration information .
If your personally identifiable information changes , you may correct , update or delete the information by making the changes on our member information page .
For security reasons , however , some parts of your personally identifiable information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made .
To request that we no longer use your information to provide our services , the removal of your testimonial , or the removal of your information from a blog or public forum , please contact us via our Customer Service e-mail address .
The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your e-mail address , allowing you to opt-out of future e-mail messages from this web site .
Unfortunately , due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements , we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this web site .
However , you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you .
If you prefer to manage your personally identifiable information via other means , you may contact us by postal mail at :
Cabela 's Inc .
Sidney , NE 69160
Information about the CLUB Visa Program
When you apply for the Cabela 's CLUB Visa Card , we submit your information to the companies which process the credit application .
If you are approved , you will receive e-mails about special offers for CLUB members , as well as the CLUB Outdoor Review Newsletter .
We will also send you , via e-mail and postal mail , information about the terms and conditions that apply to your CLUB account , as well as various notices required by law .
In addition to your registration information stored by Cabela 's , the bank which issues the Visa card , will also hold your information .
In accordance with federal law , the bank which issues the Visa card will also provide you with information regarding the bank 's privacy policy .
Cabela 's CLUB Visa
Sidney , NE 69160
What information will be disclosed if required by law ?
If required by law , we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies , pursuant to a subpoena , warrant , or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction .
In all cases , we will require written documentation of the request , proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request , and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request .
Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency , as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request .
If Cabela 's Inc. is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information .
What personally identifiable information is collected in Cabela 's Talk Forums , Trophy Rooms , and other Tech Resources sites ?
On certain portions of our web site as well as through our Tech Resources , we provide message board , chat rooms , social media platforms , entry forms for contests , sweepstakes and promotions , mobile applications and other functions that are geared towards user mobility features such as status updates , check-in , and bragging rights , some with geo-tagging features .
Those features may require you to provide additional registration information , such as creating a username and password , providing an e-mail address , mobile phone number or other information , and in some instances may ask for you to consent to have your registration , image or contact information shared with third parties that have partnered with Cabela 's as part of the contest , sweepstake or promotion .
It is important to understand that when you participate in some of these enhanced Tech Resources , much of the information you choose to provide is considered `` public knowledge '' and it is your responsibility to protect your own privacy .
If you register to use any of these features , contests , promotions or sweepstakes , we will keep your information private , in accordance with this privacy policy , and any contest , promotion or sweepstakes rules .
You have the choice of making certain information about yourself available to other users of the system .
It is your responsibility to manage your account settings in order to maintain the level of privacy that you desire .
If you inadvertently post private or other inappropriate information , we will do our best to assist you in removing it , but we will not be responsible for any problems arising from your errors .
These enhanced Tech Resources are provided without any warranty and you use them at your own risk .
In the event you upload to us content such as commentary or photographs to any of these Tech Resources , you warrant that you have the right to publish such content and give Cabela 's Inc. and it subsidiaries and affiliates the unlimited right to use such content .
While you are allowing us to use the content , you always own all of your content , but we ask that you abide by the terms of services of the application service providers with respect to intellectual property rights , and to hold Cabela 's harmless from any third party claims of intellectual property rights violations resulting from you uploading content to our various Tech Resources .
Because of the nature of internet services and mobile/social media platforms , you may not be able to select an audience for your postings ( like when you write on a Page wall or comment on an article or posting made by another ) .
This is because some types of stories are always public stories .
As a general rule , you should assume that the information will be publicly available to all who visit Cabela 's .
Cabela 's reserves the right to approve or reject content uploaded by you .
What are cookies and how do we use them ?
A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user 's hard drive by a web site you 've visited .
These types of cookies can not identify an individual user specifically , such as by name or address , unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration .
Cabela 's uses cookies to observe visitor 's navigation throughout our web site .
This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience , personalize our web site , and collect anonymous information to provide direct online advertising .
Cabela 's also uses both session cookies and persistent cookies , which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server , which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user 's shopping cart , and other information .
The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users ' session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame .
For the convenience of our users , we also place a persistent cookie on the users ' computer when they log in to our talk forums .
This gives the advantage of not having to log back in when moving between the talk forums and the rest of the web site .
We do not link cookies placed through our web site to Personally Identifiable Information .
The use of cookies and clear gifs , a tiny graphic similar in function to cookies , by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these technologies .
Our partners and service providers use cookies and clear gifs to assist us with analytics and marketing activities .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
Opting Out of Online Advertising
To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google , visit Google 's Ad Preferences Manager to customize your ad preferences and tell Google which interest-based ads you 'd prefer to see .
You may also opt-out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page .
To opt-out of third party vendors ' use of cookies , you may also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .
What choices are available to you regarding the collection , use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information ?
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future , please let us know by calling , sending an e-mail , or by writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company .
If you provide us with your e-mail address , you may receive messages about your order status , issues regarding the operations of this Web site , and messages from subsidiaries of Cabela 's and other companies with operational relationships to Cabela 's .
You may modify your e-mail preferences by calling 1-800-237-8888 or , if you are a registered member at Cabelas.com , you may change them in the My Account section .
If you complete the form to receive our investor package or sign up for SEC alerts via e-mail your information is provided to a third party specifically for those services and will not be used in any other manner .
If you provide us with your postal address , you may receive periodic catalogs from us , or other notices containing information about new products and services or upcoming events .
On occasion , we may make our postal mailing address lists available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are part of the Cabela 's family of companies .
We may also make our postal mailing address lists available to other direct mail companies who we believe may have products and services of interest to our customers .
However , we do not share e-mail addresses with any outside organizations that do not have operational relationships with Cabela 's for their own marketing purposes .
If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Cabela 's , its subsidiaries , or third-party organizations , please let us know by calling , sending an e-mail , or writing to us at the above postal address .
Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from future mailing lists .
We will request your telephone number or facsimile ( FAX ) number , and if you provide it , you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders , requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us .
We do not sell or rent phone numbers .
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control ?
Cabela 's values your business and is committed to doing everything possible to make our online ordering process secure .
As always , our 100 % satisfaction guarantee applies to any and all purchases from Cabela 's .
Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
The Cabela 's Web site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like Netscape and Internet Explorer .
These browsers encrypt your credit card and personally identifiable information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server .
Do n't worry if your browser is secure or not - if it is insecure , you will not be able to purchase on our online store .
Once you have completed your order online , our security procedures do not end .
We take appropriate precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks .
Many of the systems which store your personally identifiable information are not connected to the Internet , reducing the likelihood of security breaches .
Our systems are also housed in secure facilities , and access to your data by our employees is limited to a `` need to know '' basis , controlled by password protected systems , and monitored for abuse .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet , please feel free to phone , fax , or mail your order to us .
For telephone ordering or assistance , please call 1-800-237-4444 .
Our fax number for orders is 1-800-496-6329 ( for US/Canada 1-308-254-2200 ) .
Or , send your order to :
Attn : Order Processing
Sidney , NE 69160
If you have any further question regarding your online security , please contact us at 1-800-237-4444 or e-mail Customer Service .
In accordance with federal law , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian .
If you are under age 13 , you are welcome to browse our Web site .
However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally identifiable information .
If we determine that we have erroneously collected a child 's information , we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records .
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective .

LAST UPDATED : June 05 , 2013 For the prior Privacy Policy , please click here .
This Privacy Policy explains how CMI Marketing , Inc. ( d/b/a CafeMom , `` CafeMom '' or `` we '' ) collects , protects , uses and shares information about you when you use the CafeMom website ( the `` Site '' ) .
We hope this information increases your confidence in CafeMom and enhances your experience on our Site .
Each time that you use the Site , you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy you must discontinue using the Service and terminate your membership if you are a registered user .
CafeMom.com is an online service for moms that allows our mom members to set up unique personal profiles and through those profiles to create an online network of other moms and join in conversation .
Site members ( `` Members '' ) can view each other 's profiles , communicate with old friends and make new friends on the Site , share photos and videos , play games , create and post in groups , comment on blog posts , and more .
To enrich our Members ' experience , we request and display some personal information to other Members and visitors , which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends .
Site members can change their profile information at any time to manage who can see certain personal information and can control how other Members and CafeMom communicates with them .
CafeMom collects information from you when you register with our Site , update your profile , interact with other Members and non-Member users , and use various features of our Site .
To register with the Site , we ask you to provide your name , birthdate , zip code and email address , and select a screen name and password .
Once you are registered you will be given the option to add additional information about you and your family to your profile .
We also collect information regarding your activities on the Site , including interaction with other users and your use of the Site .
From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other similar requests for information and we collect any information you may provide .
We collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes , games or other promotions offered on our Site .
We may also collect information about you through other methods , including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties , including verification services , data services , as well as public sources .
Like most standard Website servers , we collect information from all visitors to the Site .
We collect this information using a variety of methods , including weblogs , cookies , web beacons , widgets and the like .
Cookies we utilize on the Site may include session ID cookies , persistent cookies , or more advanced technology such as HTML5 or Media Stamp .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's `` help '' file .
You may configure your browser to prevent cookies from being set on your computer .
If you reject cookies you may still use the Site but your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited and you may not be able to use certain features of the Site , including playing games or entering sweepstakes or contests .
Similar cookies and other technologies are used by our partners , which may also include Flash cookies , which are a form of persistent cookies technically called `` Local Shared Objects '' ( LSOs ) .
Flash cookies are set through a mechanism in Adobe Flash Player .
With Flash cookies your data is stored in multiple places and it may be restored once you delete it .
Please check with your browser 's site on the most updated information on how to delete Flash cookies .
HTML5 or Media Stamp technology has a local storage feature that , when used , allows for quicker access to a website upon a return visit .
HTML5 is currently supported by some mobile devices and desktop browsers .
HTML5 Media Stamp data is not stored in a browser 's `` cookies '' file .
Our Site web pages and our e-mail newsletters contain web beacons ( also known as pixel tags ) .
These web beacons allow us and our partners to count users who have visited a web page or opened a newsletter , as well as to collect the other types of information described below .
The information we collect through the Site includes , but is not limited to , the browser you are using , the internet address from which you linked to our Site , the operating system of your computer , the unique IP address of the computer you used to access our Site , and usage and browsing habits on the Site .
We and our partners also use cookies , pixels and these other technologies to collect data regarding your browsing , engagement and purchasing habits on our Site and on other internet websites .
In addition to the foregoing , the Site provides search functionality and we collect the searches conducted on the Site by a user and may combine that information with other information from such user .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , the information we collect that is associated with a single user or Member , or combined in the aggregate is known as `` Data . ''
We keep Data no longer than necessary for legitimate business purposes or as required by law .
General Use of Site .
We use the Data we collect , including both personally identifiable information ( `` PII '' ) and non-PII in both aggregated and individual forms , to provide the Site , advertising and Site support .
We may process and use this Data for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy including , but not limited to :
Customize , measure , and improve the Site design and optimization , and the content and advertising provided through it , which include research and development ;
Enforce our Terms of Service and detect fraud and other illegal activities ;
Let you know about new products or services from us or other companies we work with as well as promotional offers , based on your preference settings ;
Evaluate potential inclusion in the Site 's influencer program ;
Let you know about changes to the Site , the Terms of Service , this Privacy Policy , and other terms that apply to our Site ; and
Update any programs or other tools that we provide in conjunction with the Site .
In addition we may combine the Data we have collected with similar types of data provided by third parties for similar purposes .
We use this Data to create a better Site and better user experience , as well as to help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions , to analyze trends , track user movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information .
We may use this Data in these forms for internal business purposes , such as determining how much traffic certain portions of the Site receive , for license reporting and assessment of service levels , to better understand how the Site is used , to gauge traffic patterns and determine what types of content and services are most popular with users of the Site , or determining which search queries are the most popular .
Using this Data , we are able to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Site .
This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which parts of our Site are the most interesting and what kind of offers our Members like to see .
We use cookies to differentiate users of the Site from Members , to customize the content of certain sections of the Site and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users , in order to enhance their experience on the Site .
For example , we may use such Data to determine which blogs , articles , or games to recommend to you .
We may also use Data to send you targeted offers and other communications .
We may use a Member 's registration information to verify that you are the person authorized to use the Site or to manage your account .
When You Register .
When you register with CafeMom , you create your own profile and privacy settings .
Your profile information , as well as your screen name and photo , are displayed as specified in your privacy settings to allow you to connect with other CafeMom Members or to all users of the Site .
Your real name is never displayed on the Site ( unless you use it as your screen name ) , but your real name will be included in emails that you `` send to a friend . ''
You can choose to allow Members and non-Member users to search for you by using your real name or most other information you have entered in your profile .
Most of the information you provide to CafeMom in your profile can be set to be seen by all users of the Site , Members only , friends only , or no one .
However , please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all users and can not be hidden .
Specifically , your screen name and photo are always displayed on the Site and therefore are viewable by all users .
In addition , because this information is publicly displayed on the Site it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines .
By using the search functionality on the Site CafeMom Members can find other moms with similar interests and challenges .
When you find other Members , you can view their personal profiles to find out more about them based on the information they have decided to share on the Site .
Sharing of Information .
We use third parties to assist us in delivering parts of the Site to you .
We may share portions of your Data with these third parties to the extent necessary for them to provide these services .
As described in more detail below , we may also provide Non-PII elements of your Data to third parties who deliver ads to you .
We will not provide your PII to these advertisers unless you expressly authorize us to do so .
We may also share weblog data and other similar non-PII Data with third parties .
For example , we may share traffic data for the Site with a third party that analyzes and publishes Website traffic surveys .
Posts to the Site are viewable by either all users of the Site , Members only , or group members only ( as determined by the group owner ) , and CafeMom tries to maintain the privacy setting of each group as determined by such group owner .
Note that posts may also be collected by Internet search engines , such as Google .
You may authorize other Internet sites such as Facebook to access and publish on their websites some of your Data , including your activity on the Site .
We , or our partners acting at our request , may deliver advertisements to you through the Site or through third party sites , as described in more detail below .
If you are a Member , we may use your Data , regardless of where we gathered such information , to determine what type of ad to display to you on the Sites .
In addition , we may send certain demographic information , like ZIP code , age , and gender to our advertising partners , so that the advertising you see is more relevant to you .
We , or our advertising partners , automatically deliver ads to all users of the Site , whether they are registered or not , based on non-personal information including : ( i ) the IP address associated with your computer or location data from your mobile phone for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ; ( ii ) the type of web page that is being displayed , such as a news or games page , for example ; ( iii ) the content on the page that is shown , such as a news article about a certain movie ; ( iv ) the browser you are using ; ( v ) the operating system and/or computer brand you are using ; and ( vi ) for mobile users , the cellular network you are using .
This advertising activity automatically applies to all users and it is purely contextual .
For information on how CafeMom uses various technologies to features ads relevant to your interests , click here .
Sale of Business or Assets .
In the event that CafeMom , substantially all of its assets , or a line of business is sold or disposed of as a going concern , whether by merger , sale of assets or otherwise , or in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership , PII and non-PII of our Members may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction .
Information about our Members may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where CafeMom or an affiliate , is seeking financing , investment , support or funding .
Photos , Videos , and Posts .
As a CafeMom Member you can share personal content .
Please be aware that by using any of these features , your personally identifiable information may be accessible to Members and non-Members , and CafeMom has no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information .
We have the right , but not the obligation , to monitor any activity and content associated with the public and private forums , including in-Site Member emails and interactive areas on our Site .
Please review our Terms of Service for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas .
When you provide us with your mobile telephone number to access certain features of CafeMom Mobile you agree that this action constitutes a purchase , inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws .
Regardless of the fact that your mobile telephone number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry , or your local State Do-Not-Call list , you expressly consent to receive future information about CafeMom 's programs and services from us , and in that regard , you hereby consent to our contacting you pursuant to the business relationship established using the information you provided to us .
This means we may contact you , in person or by recorded message , by e-mail , telephone and/or mobile telephone number ( including use of automated dialing equipment ) , text ( SMS ) message , or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving .
We 'll send you our email and newsletters .
CafeMom may send you service-related announcements and emails from time to time .
For instance , if a friend sends you a message , you may receive an email alerting you to that fact .
We may also use your information to send you e-newsletters , updates and communications about CafeMom .
We may ask you which newsletters you wish to receive .
You may change your newsletter preferences ( i ) at any time by simply updating your account , which you can do by clicking on the `` Privacy + Settings '' button posted throughout the Site , or ( ii ) by opting-out of receiving future emails as described at the bottom of each communication from CafeMom .
Sweepstakes and Promotions .
On occasion , we offer sweepstakes and other promotions in conjunction with a sponsor .
By participating in a promotion , you submit to that promotion 's terms and conditions including providing us with permission , if required , to share your personally identifiable information with a particular sponsor .
Third Party Offers .
On occasion , we are able to offer you special products or services through a relationship with a third party .
In those cases , the offer will be brought to you by CafeMom and fulfilled by the third party .
If you accept the offer , you will become a customer of the company that is fulfilling the offer and we will not have control over their use of the personally identifiable information that you provide to them when you accept the offer .
Invite a Friend .
If you do become a Member , not only can you enjoy all of the benefits of membership , but you can also invite other individuals to join by providing us with their first names and email addresses .
Using the information you give us on these potential Members , we will send them an email invitation to join CafeMom .
The only way these individuals can become Members , however , is if they come to our Site and sign up themselves .
We do not use this information for other purposes .
Legal Matters ; Safety .
We may , without your consent , access and disclose your information , any communications sent or received by you , and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law ( including , but not limited to , court order or subpoena ) , or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud , violations of our Terms of Service , or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability .
Additionally , we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat .
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES , PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION
CafeMom contains links to other sites .
It is possible for you to receive information directly from our partners and other companies if you access them through a link on the Site or if you go directly to their Websites .
Once you are on their sites , any data that you supply to these partners , for example , to obtain information or buy products directly from them , is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of each of the linked-to entities and not CafeMom .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Websites or any other sites linked to or referenced on our Site .
We have multiple layers of security on our systems .
We have implemented software and hardware security , including firewalls , data encryption , and private networks intended to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access .
We use firewalls and intrusion-detection devices that are designed to defend against hackers and notify us if any attempts are made to compromise our network .
We regularly review additional software upgrades to enhance our security measures .
However , despite our efforts , no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information , and your use of the Site indicates that you are willing to assume this risk .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the address referenced below .
A Note to Users Based Outside of the United States .
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States , so your PII will be processed by us in the United States , where data protection and privacy regulations may be different than other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If you create an online account to use the Site as a visitor from outside the United States , you will have agreed to the terms of the Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and you will have consented to the transfer to and processing of all such information in the United States , which many not offer an equivalent level of protection of that in the European Union or certain other countries .
Children 's Privacy .
CafeMom does not encourage participation or visitation by children .
Visitors who are known to be under the age of 16 are prohibited from becoming CafeMom Members .
CafeMom does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16 .
Updating Your Personal Information .
If you are a CafeMom Member , you can update your personally identifiable information at any time .
To do this , just click on the `` Privacy + Settings '' link listed throughout the Site .
However , we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy .
CAFEMOM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT , LOSS , ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY CAFEMOM TO THIRD PARTIES , OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND CAFEMOM .
Changes to the Privacy Policy .
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site , with the `` Effective Date '' posted at the top of the Policy .
We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change , as technology changes , or as we add new services or change existing ones .
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information , or we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information , we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change .
If you do not consent , your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information .
By using our Site or services after the Effective Date , you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy .
We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the privacy policy in effect when the information was obtained from you .
Or write to us at :
417 Fifth Avenue , 7th Floor
New York , NY 10016
2013 CMI Marketing , Inc .
All rights reserved .

Effective Date : April 24 , 2013
CafePress values the users of our website ( the `` Website '' ) .
Your privacy and trust are very important to us .
We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection , use , and disclosure of the personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) that we collect when you use the Website and the services offered on the Website ( `` CafePress Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you , how we collect this information , and what we do with it after we collect it .
By using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
Does CafePress Ever Make Changes to its Privacy Policy ?
We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by sending you an email , posting a notice on the home page of the Website , or posting a notice in your account when you first login after we have made changes .
If you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy , you must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures .
You may not be able to receive notices from us if your cookies are not set to accept and/or are disabled .
What Types of Information Does CafePress Collect From Me ?
We collect Personal Information that you provide to us , such as your name , mailing address , phone number , email address , credit card number , and financial information .
We also collect non-personal information from you , such as your browser type , the URL of the previous website you visited , your ISP , operating system , and your Internet protocol ( IP ) Address ( `` Non-Personal Information '' ) .
Non-Personal Information can not be easily used to personally identify you .
How and When Does CafePress Collect This Information ?
Providing Information to Us .
We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us .
For example , if you purchase a product , we may collect your name , mailing address , telephone number , credit card number , and email address .
If you create a Content Owner Account , we may collect your name , tax identification number , mailing address , email address , and other information that we request during the registration process , and any information that you provide on your CafePress storefront .
If you sign up to receive a newsletter , we will collect your email address .
Communications With Us .
If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the CafePress Services , we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication .
Analytic and Reporting Technologies .
Like the operators of most websites , we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names , Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser software , operating system types , clickstream patterns , and the dates and times that the Website and the CafePress Services are accessed .
We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website .
To do this , we may use web beacons and cookies .
Signing In via Social Network Account .
CafePress may allow you to sign in to a CafePress website or application using a social networking account , such as a Facebook account .
These social networking sign-on features may also enable you to create an account more easily by prepopulating our registration form with the information you provided to the social networking site .
Typically , the first time you use one of these sign-on services , the social networking site will inform you of the information that will be shared with CafePress .
We may use that information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
To learn more about what information the social networking site collects when you use it to sign in to our website or application , please refer to the privacy policy for that social networking site .
How Does CafePress Use My Information ?
We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website , fulfilling requests for information , producing and shipping the products that you order , and providing customer support .
For example , if you create a Content Owner Account , we will use the information that you provide us to communicate with you and pay you any royalties that you earn .
Similarly , if you sign up to receive a CafePress newsletter , we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters .
We use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the CafePress Services and for other internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website .
When Will CafePress Disclose My Information to Third Parties ?
Disclosure to Successors .
We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours , such as a company that acquires us .
In the event CafePress goes through a business transition , such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred .
You will be notified via email or by a notice on our Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information .
Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties .
We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency , to prevent harm to others , to respond to legal requirements , to protect or enforce our rights and policies , to protect or enforce the rights of a third party , or as required or permitted by law ( including , without limitation , to comply with a subpoena or court order ) .
In particular , if you are a Content Owner , we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through your Shop .
Similarly , if you allege that a Content Owner is infringing upon your intellectual property rights , we may disclose your information to that Content Owner .
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers and Online Partners .
We may contract with various third parties who help us provide , maintain and improve the Website and the CafePress Services .
For example , we use a third party to process payments made to us , and may subcontract out production , fulfillment , analytics , reporting or other operations .
We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information , except for the purpose of providing the services in question .
We can not guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information .
CafePress does not share , rent or trade your Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes .
Disclosure to Content Owners .
If you purchase a product from a Shop , CafePress may provide your name , and the city and state information provided by you to the Content Owner .
In the Content Owner Agreement , CafePress contractually obligates each Content Owner not to use or disclose this information for any purposes other than internal record keeping , and for marketing their Shops , only if you have opted in to receive marketing material directly from the Content Owner .
We can not guarantee all Content Owners will comply with this obligation .
Disclosure of Non-Personal Information .
We will disclose Non-Personal Information , in aggregate form , to potential strategic partners , advertisers , investors , customers , and others .
You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information .
However , it can not be easily used to identify you personally .
We may use third party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Website .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Website , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon , which is industry standard technology used by most major websites .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service providers , please click here .
What About Cookies and Web Beacons ?
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer .
Most websites use cookies .
We use cookies to track your use of the Website and the CafePress Services , provide you with a more personalized user experience , and to allow you to login and begin use of the CafePress Services automatically when you visit the Website .
A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image , usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the e-mail .
Cookies and web beacons used by CafePress and our online partners are not linked to Personal Information .
Some of our Content Owners may use cookies or web beacons on our Website .
We have no access to or control over these cookies and web beacons .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and web beacons by CafePress and our online partners only and does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any other third party , Content Owner or advertiser .
Does CafePress Protect My Personal Information ?
Whenever we obtain your Personal Information , we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure .
However , we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information .
Accordingly , we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties , or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control .
The content that you store , post , or transmit on or through the Website , such as message board postings , storefront pages , and images on your Products , may be accessed by other users , including people that you do not know .
We are not responsible for the actions of others .
Therefore , you should use care in communicating with other users and only disclose your Personal Information to other users that you know to be trustworthy .
You should not assume that your content will be kept private .
How Can I Review and Make Changes to My Personal Information ?
For your protection , you will be required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your Personal Information .
If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer want to use the CafePress Services , you may correct , update or deactivate your Personal Information and/or your account through the account management screen .
If you would like to deactivate or terminate your account you can also contact Customer Service .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number and/or social security number on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process Personal Information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis .
By providing CafePress with your Personal Information you acknowledge and agree that we may store your Personal Information and transfer it to and from our servers located in the United States and throughout the world .
We endeavor to protect all Personal Information collected through the Website in a safe , confidential and secure manner .
Does This Privacy Policy Apply When I Access Third Party Websites ?
You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Website .
This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites .
We can not control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them , so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to its provider .
What About Children 's Privacy ?
The CafePress Services are intended for users ages 13 and older only .
Accordingly , we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13 .
In addition , we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13 .
Thirteen to Seventeen .
Prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use the CafePress Services under their parents or legal guardian 's supervision .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 , you , your parent , or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your Personal Information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us .
Can I Opt-Out From Receiving Communications From CafePress ?
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes .
For example , if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference on our order form .
We also offer you an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through the account management screen .
If we disclose your Personal Information to a third party in a manner that is not set forth in this Privacy Policy you will be notified so that you can make an informed choice about sharing your Personal Information with that third party .
Notice to California Residents .
If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by CafePress and its related companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300
San Mateo , CA 94404

We protect your personal information ... ..
It is the Lottery 's policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains .
The Lottery 's information management practices conform to the requirements of the Information Practices Act ( California Civil Code section 1798 et seq . ) , the California Public Records Act ( California Government Code section 6250 et seq . ) , California Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9 , California Business & Professions Code sections 22575-22579 , and other laws pertaining to information privacy .
The Lottery adheres to the following principles in connection with the collection and management of personal information :
The Lottery collects personal information from individuals only as allowed by law and with their explicit consent
Personal information is defined in the Information Practices Act as information that identifies or describes an individual , including : name , Social Security number , physical description , home address , home telephone number , education , and medical or employment history .
The Lottery limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose , defined in the California State Lottery Act .
For example , the Lottery may need an individual 's home address , email address , or telephone number in order to answer that person 's questions , process his or her claim form , or provide some other requested assistance .
The Lottery may also request demographic information such as ZIP code , age , gender , preferences , interests , and favorites to allow it to provide personalized services .
The Lottery does not collect home , business , or email addresses or account information from people who simply browse the Lottery 's website
The Lottery website consists of a primary domain and several sub-domains and is referred to collectively as website .
The Lottery only collects personal information about individuals if it is provided to the Lottery voluntarily through email , registration forms , or surveys .
The Lottery does collect some information automatically from each visitor to its website , including the domain name or Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine used to access the website , the type of browser and operating system used , and the date and time when the website is visited .
The Lottery may also automatically collect information about your interaction with Lottery websites and services .
For example , it may use website analytics tools on its website to retrieve information from your browser , including the website you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find the Lottery 's website , the pages you view within the Lottery 's website , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height .
This automatically-collected information is not subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act , and website visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution .
The Lottery uses cookies
simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor 's computer by a web server , to enable easy movement through its website .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information .
Cookies used by the Lottery may be encrypted and can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Non-persistent session cookies are used when visiting and searching informational content on the Lottery 's public website .
Session cookies do not contain user information , will not transmit any personal information to the Lottery , and are deleted automatically when the browser window closes or within 24 hours , whichever occurs first .
Persistent culture cookies are used to collect username and language setting information and must be deleted manually by the user .
In addition , Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics .
Google tracking cookies , used by every website that employs Google Analytics , store information that identifies IP addresses .
For those wishing to block Google Analytics , a variety of browser plug-ins are available here .
The Lottery uses Flash cookies to support Casual Games in the players ' area .
These cookies are persistent and only store certain user settings that you choose for game play .
Click here to see removal instructions .
To access certain Lottery online services you will need to provide your email address and password ( credentials ) .
The Lottery will then temporarily store your unique ID number and the time you signed in via an encrypted cookie on your hard drive .
This cookie will allow you to move between services on the website without having to sign in again on each page .
When you sign out , these cookies are deleted from your computer .
The Lottery also uses cookies to improve your sign-in experience .
For example , your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out .
This cookie allows your email address to be pre-populated so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in .
If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored , you can select the appropriate button on the sign-in page and this cookie will not be used .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you will not be able to sign in or use other interactive features and services offered in the players ' area of the Lottery 's website .
If you choose to accept cookies , you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted .
For example , in Internet Explorer 7 you can delete cookies by selecting Tools , Delete browsing history , and Delete Cookies .
Each browser may provide a different way to delete cookies .
If you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated when you next access the website .
The Lottery prohibits web beacons on its website from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with the Lottery , information collected through one Lottery service may be combined with information obtained through other Lottery and Lottery-affiliated services .
The Lottery may also supplement the information it collects with information obtained from other companies .
This will enable the Lottery , for example , to offer customized services and information based on location information determined by your computer IP address .
Whenever you are asked to provide personal information , the Lottery will tell you how that information will be used
The Lottery strives to inform individuals who provide personal information about the general uses that the Lottery will make of that information .
The Lottery does this at the time of information collection .
The Lottery provides people who share personal information with an opportunity to review that information
The Lottery allows individuals who provide personal information to review that information and contest its accuracy or completeness .
The Lottery uses personal information only for purposes consistent with its Information Collection , Use and Access Notice
The Lottery uses information security safeguards .
The Lottery takes reasonable precautions
to protect personal information it collects from loss , unauthorized access , illegal use , or unauthorized disclosure .
The Lottery uses Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption software to protect the security of individuals ' personal information during transmission of such information through the Lottery 's website .
Such personal information is stored by the Lottery in secure locations .
The Lottery 's staff is trained on procedures for the management of personal information , including limitations on the release of information .
Access to personal information is limited to those members of the Lottery 's staff and contractors whose work requires such access .
Confidential information is destroyed according to the Lottery 's records retention schedule .
The Lottery conducts periodic reviews to ensure that proper information management policies and procedures are understood and followed .
In order to access some Lottery services , you will be asked to sign in using your credentials .
As part of creating your account , you may also be required to select questions and secret answers that may be used by the Lottery to help verify your identity and assist in resetting your password .
Some services may require added security , and in these cases , you may be asked to create an additional security key .
The Lottery permanently records the IP address of the machine you use for registration and only stores the date and IP address of the last login thereafter .
Finally , a unique ID number will be assigned to your account which will be used to identify your profile and associated information , such as login history and game play history .
In general , the Lottery encourages all individuals to use appropriate safeguards to secure their computers and the information on those computers .
The Lottery will provide additional information about this privacy policy if requested
Effective Date : May 5 , 2011

This website is operated by Cambridge University Press , which is a Syndicate of the University of Cambridge .
Our principal place of business is at the Edinburgh Building , Shaftesbury Road , Cambridge , CB2 8RU .
Cambridge University Press , the University of Cambridge and its associated companies will use the information we collect from you in accordance with this policy .
A list of our associated companies is available on request .
Your privacy is important to us .
We want to make sure that when we collect information from you we do so in a way that does not infringe your privacy .
Our policy explains how we do this .
By registering or placing an order on this site , you consent to the collection , use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy .
We may collect names , email and postal addresses , telephone numbers , professions , purchase and mailing history from you if you order from us or complete an online form ( for instance to join our email services ) .
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to our website and to carry out administration , statistical analysis and market research .
If you have requested any goods or services then we will use your information to supply the goods or services , to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your order .
Where you have consented , we may contact you on occasion by post , telephone , fax and email about products and services we think might be of interest to you .
Where you have consented , we may make your details available to other reputable organisations whose product or services we think might be of interest to you .
We may transfer your personal details to other regions in which we have offices throughout the world , namely Europe , the Middle East and Africa ; the Americas ; and Asia-Pacific .
You should be aware that some of our branches are in countries which do not have data protection laws .
We may disclose your information to our agents and service providers for the purposes set out above .
All personal information received from you is subject to processing centrally in the Europe branch of Cambridge University Press , England .
We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires .
We use cookies on this web site .
Cookies are small amounts of information that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
They tell us when you have visited our site and where you have been .
They do not identify you personally , just the presence of your browser .
Cookies make it easier for you to log on and use the site during future visits .
They also enable us to provide you with a more personalised service .
Should you wish to do so , your browser 's help section should be able to warn you before accepting cookies and how to filter or disable them , although in the latter case , you may not be able to use certain features on our site .
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
If you wish to do this , please contact us using the details on the right .
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the site and , where appropriate , through email notification .
All other comments and queries relating to the administration of your relationship with us , our use of your information and this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the Legal Services Director using the contact details in the Contact us menu .
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website .
This helps us to provide you with a good experience while you browse and also allows us to improve our site .
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you give us permission to .
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer 's hard drive .
The cookies we use are 'analytical ' cookies .
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how they navigate around the site when they are using it .
This helps us to improve the way our website works ; for example , by ensuring that users are able to find what they are looking for easily .
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies , over which we have no control .
You can block cookies by activating the setting in your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies .
If however you use your browser settings to block all cookies ( including essential cookies ) you may not be able to access some parts of , or our entire site .
Except for essential cookies , all cookies will expire after 90 days .

Cambridge University Press India Pvt . Ltd. is committed to protecting your privacy .
We collect information about you so that we can process your orders and provide a more personalized shopping experience .
Please read more details about our privacy policy .
How do we use the information we collect from you ?
When you sign up for our e-Notices service , we need only an e-mail address -- to send you the information you requested .
Soon , we will personalise your shopping experience by using your purchases to offer our recommendations about the books and other merchandise that might interest you .
For this , we monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to develop the design and layout of our site .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our web site , new cambridgeindia.org services , and special offers we think you 'll find valuable .
Just remember to change your preferences for each account or e-mail address you have left with us .
How does cambridgeindia.org protect its customer information ?
When you place orders or access your account information , we offer the use of a secure server .
The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us .
In addition , all customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access .
What about `` cookies '' ?
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information , but they will enable us to provide a personalised service and to store items in your shopping bag between visits .
Will cambridgeindia.org disclose the information it collects to outside parties ?
cambridgeindia.org does not sell , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
( If you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us , send this message from each e-mail account you use . )
Also , cambridgeindia.org may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related site information to reputable third-party vendors , but these statistics will include no personally identifying information .
cambridgeindia.org may release account information when it believes , in good faith , that such release is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with law , ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or ( iii ) protect the rights , property or safety of cambridgeindia.org , our users , or others .
By using our web site , you consent to the collection and use of this information by cambridgeindia.org .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
We want your opinion
cambridgeindia.org welcomes your questions and comments about privacy .

At Canada Post respecting the privacy and safeguarding the personal information of our customers is a commitment that is fundamental to our business and central to the trust Canadians have in our brand .
This online privacy statement explains why we collect personal information from you , how we use it and the steps we take to ensure your privacy is protected when visiting canadapost.ca .
Why we collect personal information
Canada Post collects personal information from you only with your knowledge and consent to help meet our commitment to provide excellent service and to continuously improve your experience on our website .
The personal information we collect may include your name , email address , mailing or business address , phone numbers and language preference , but may include other information when needed to fulfill your request .
We collect this information to allow you to purchase or register for certain products , services and applications and complete those transactions ; to enter contests ; to subscribe to email newsletters ; and to provide you with services or information that may be of interest to you .
The type of personal information we collect falls into 5 categories :
User ID and passwords :
Provides you with access to your profile and protected content .
Tells us who you are , how to contact you , and shipping or billing information .
Your account information also contains information you have provided to us , such as your language of choice , email formats and preferences .
Customer feedback and support :
Provides a mechanism for requesting information from Canada Post .
This information also provides us with insight on how we may improve our products and services to meet your needs .
Used to respond to your inquiries of all kinds .
With your permission , may also be used to communicate information about Canada Post and our products and services .
Shows us which products and services you have requested .
We will not use , disclose or retain payment information ( e.g . credit cards numbers ) except as required under law .
To help prevent fraud and identity theft , some of our online services , such as smartmoves , use a third-party service provider to validate your identity through an online authentication process .
While you are required to provide personal information , this information is not collected by the third-party service provider and Canada Post does not have access to the personal information .
Collection of non-personally identifiable information
The Canada Post website automatically collects non-personally identifiable information from you when you visit our site .
This includes click stream data , your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address and information collected through the use of cookies , as explained below .
Canada Post aggregates this information about your visit with those of other visitors .
You are not personally identified in any way .
This data includes general log information ( click stream ) such as the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the pages you accessed on CanadaPost.ca .
We also collect referral and aggregated `` click-through '' statistics such as page views , unique visitors and time spent on the website .
This information helps us provide you with a continually improving and enhanced online experience , including the ease and speed of navigation to help you find the products , services and information you need .
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address
This is the address used to connect your computer to access the Internet .
This information may be used to investigate unauthorized attempts to access , alter or delete data , the spreading of viruses and other illegal intrusions to the website .
This information helps us provide you with a continually improving and enhanced online experience , including ease and speed of navigation to help you find the products , services and information you need .
We also use this aggregate information for research and analytical purposes to better understand how people are using our website .
For example , it allows us to enhance popular web pages and to modify or discontinue those that are not needed .
When do we disclose personal information
Your personal information will only be used or disclosed for the specific purposes for which it is collected or as authorized by law .
For example , Canada Post must maintain website security , which includes the investigation of unauthorized attempts to access , alter or delete data , the spreading of viruses and other illegal intrusions .
This could result in disclosures to law enforcement agencies .
We may also use your personal information to send you information about Canada Post products or services or introduce you to our business partners that carry products that may be of interest to you .
Some of our online services may share your name and address ( but not your email address ) to pre-screened , reputable companies so they can offer you their products .
What are your choices
At anytime you can have your name removed from our mail or email marketing lists .
How you can access your personal information
To assist us in processing your request , please include the following details :
Contact information ( your name , address , email and telephone number )
Name of the product or service where you want the update applied
Details of the request ( e.g. , change of email address , unsubscribe from a newsletter , review of your personal information , etc . )
How do we protect your personal information
Canada Post uses well-established technology to protect the security of your online personal information and your personal content .
While we are committed to maintaining the security of your information , you play an important role in helping us meet this obligation .
Never reveal your username , password or authentication question to anyone .
Encryption is a way of `` scrambling '' electronic information for transmission .
128-bit encryption is the strongest , most secure form of encryption that is generally available in Internet browsers on the market in North America today .
That 's why we require all of our customers to use a browser that supports this level of encryption .
Many areas of the Canada Post website require 128-bit encryption .
Your browser may use symbols such as a key or a padlock icon to show you when you are in a secure area .
For more information about the encryption capabilities of your browser , use the browser 's HELP menu .
In general , if your browser 's encryption level is not high enough , you will not be able to use many of the Canada Post website services .
A firewall is an `` industrial-strength '' combination of hardware and software designed to separate the Internet from our internal computer systems and databases .
All Internet data flows through a series of safety checkpoints on its way to and from our internal systems so that only authorized messages and transactions enter our computing environment .
These firewalls also help to prevent unauthorized access to our computer systems from outside .
The Canada Post Tools and the epost mailbox are web-based services .
This means that all your personal content and personal information are stored on our computers and viewed by you using a web browser .
Many email services work by downloading messages to your computer via the Internet when you sign in .
By storing your data and messages on our servers , we keep the information securely behind our firewall .
Please remember , any information that moves outside our secure website may not be secure .
A software virus is a computer file which , when installed ( either from a disk or by downloading it via the Internet ) , can cause damage to a computer .
Some viruses are relatively harmless and display annoying messages ; others can seriously damage your computer and the information on it .
If you choose to download files from the Internet , you should be aware of the risk of viruses .
New viruses continue to be detected on the Internet .
If you choose to download any files available through links from this website , please take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses .
How we use cookies and web analysis tools
CanadaPost.ca contains links to other websites .
While Canada Post takes measures to ensure that the links on our website are to reputable and well-established companies , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites .
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those websites .
Click stream data includes general log information ( click stream ) such as the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the pages you accessed on the Canada Post website and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet .
We collect click stream data in addition to referral and aggregated `` click-through '' statistics such as page views , unique visitors and time spent on the website .
A `` cookie '' is a piece of data that a web server creates when you visit a website .
This data is typically encoded information about how and when you use a site .
It is placed on your PC in the form of a small text file .
Cookies can not carry viruses or other damaging data .
For more information about cookies and why they are used , please refer to our cookies page .
A web beacon , also referred to as a clear gif or page tag , consists of code on the Canada Post site that delivers a small graphic image from another website or third party server .
They may not be visible as the beacon is generally a 1x1 pixel that is often designed to blend into the background of a web page .
We use beacons , often in conjunction with cookies , to monitor the effectiveness of ad banners and to understand certain actions that you took ( such as a purchase ) , but not to know who you are .
We do not use beacons to store or link to personal information .
Children 's personal information
Canada Post does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of majority without the consent of a parent or guardian .
Links to other sites
While Canada Post takes measures to ensure that the links on our website are to reputable and well-established companies , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites .
We encourage you to read and become familiar with the privacy policies of those websites before you volunteer any personal information .
How to reach us

Privacy and Security Policy
NCI complies with requirements for privacy and security established by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS ) , and the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
This page outlines our privacy and security policy as they apply to our site as well as third party sites and applications that NCI uses ( for example , Facebook , YouTube ) .
Your Visit to the NCI Website
Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Sites
Your Visit to the NCI Website
Your visit to the NCI website is private and secure .
When you visit the NCI website , we do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you , unless you choose to explicitly provide it to us .
We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand public use of the site and to make it more useful to visitors .
This page describes the information that is automatically collected and stored .
How NCI Collects Information
When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
NCI uses the Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to collect information automatically and continuously .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to distinguish between new and returning visitors to help make our site more useful to visitors .
However , no personally identifiable information ( PII ) is collected .
The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Adobe Omniture and Google Analytics .
The reports are only available to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NCI also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
NCI uses the Foresee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NCI website .
This survey does not collect PII .
Participation in the survey is voluntary .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources on the NCI website as those who take the survey .
Answers to the survey help NCI improve its website to make it easier to use and more responsive to the needs of our visitors .
The NCI staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from the ACSI survey .
The reports are available only to NCI website managers , members of their Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NCI retains the data from Adobe Omniture , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results only as long as required by law or needed to support the mission of the NCI website .
How NCI Uses Cookies
The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of webpages .
Requests to send cookies from NCI 's webpages are designed to collect information about your browser session only ; they do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
How Are Temporary `` Session '' Cookies Used
We use session cookies for technical purposes such as improving navigation through our website .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our website .
The `` session '' cookie is not permanently stored on your computer .
The cookie and the information about your visit are automatically destroyed shortly after you close your browser to end the session .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1-Single Session . ''
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies . ''
How Are `` Persistent Cookies '' Used
The OMB Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use persistent cookies in addition to temporary session cookies .
We use persistent cookies to help us recognize new and returning visitors to the NCI website .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to the NCI website until they expire .
We do not use this technology to identify you or any other individual website visitor .
NCI is running the American Customer Satisfaction Survey ( ACSI ) on the website , which uses `` persistent '' cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
We also use persistent cookies to enable NCI 's Adobe Omniture Web Analytics and Google Analytics programs to measure how new and returning visitors use the NCI website over time .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2 - Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . ''
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
How to Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources the NCI website provides .
Please note that by following the instructions to opt out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NCI 's website .
How Is Personal Information Protected
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NCI website .
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message , form , survey , etc. , we maintain the information only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
NCI does not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about our visitors , unless required for law enforcement or by statute .
NCI 's website is maintained by the U.S. Government .
It is protected by various provisions of Title 18 , U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual .
Your Visit to NCI on Third-Party Websites
Third-party websites and applications are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NCI .
These include applications hosted on other non-government websites and those embedded on an NCI webpage .
As part of the Open Government Directive , NCI uses a variety of new technologies and social media tools to communicate and interact with our audiences .
Use of some of these applications could cause personally identifiable information ( PII ) to become available or accessible to NCI , regardless of whether NCI solicits or collects it .
The table below lists the websites and applications we use .
If any of these sites or applications collect PII , we describe what is collected and how NCI protects the information .
Types of Third-Party Websites and Applications
Third-Party Website and Application
AddThis allows you to bookmark and share our content on a variety of social media sites .
You do not need to register or provide any personal information .
The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NCI , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information .
The reports are password protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties .
( See AddThis Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer . )
NCI has three Facebook pages-National Cancer Institute ( in English Exit Disclaimer and Spanish Exit Disclaimer ) and National Cancer Institute-Office of Media Relations Exit Disclaimer .
The privacy policies for the Facebook pages are located on these sites .
On each of the NCI Facebook pages , NCI staff posts news and other items of interest to users .
If you have a Facebook account or `` Like '' NCI Facebook pages , you can post comments or click on the `` like '' option for individual entries .
If you comment or click on the `` like '' button , personally identifying information will be visible to NCI staff and other Facebook site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
You can avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account , not posting comments , and not clicking on the `` like '' options in Facebook .
NCI staff does not collect , use , or disclose any information about visitors who comment or `` like '' the NCI Facebook sites .
Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages .
This information is password-protected and only available to NCI managers , members of the NCI Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
( See Facebook Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer . )
NCI uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) or `` Tweets '' to share information about NCI with our audiences and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NCI .
To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as name , user name , password , and email address .
You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location , or a picture .
Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com website .
NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never uses the personal information of their Twitter followers .
NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on Twitter .
( See Twitter Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer . )
NCI videos introduce you to many different aspects of the research that NCI supports and connect you to our research-based information resources .
Some videos feature stories from researchers , cancer patients , and their caregivers .
Others seek to explain NCI 's major research programs .
Most of these videos are available on NCI 's websites as well .
( See YouTube.com Privacy Policy Exit Disclaimer . )
To be notified when NCI adds new videos , users with YouTube accounts can subscribe to the NCIgov channel .
NCI staff members monitor the number of subscribers and may respond to comments and queries on YouTube , but NCI does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who follow NCI on YouTube .
Disclaimer of Endorsement and Liability

Our Commitment to Privacy
This notice explains our online information practices .
Because your privacy is important to us , we provide you with notice and choices about the collection and use of your information .
To make this notice easy to find , links are provided at the bottom of our homepage and on every page within our Web site .
Additionally , each page that requests personally identifiable information reminds you of the importance of your privacy and provides a link to the privacy policy .
You may click on any underlined word to receive a more in-depth explanation of the term .
We use cookies , small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer 's hard drive , to improve your Web site experience .
The cookie is used to speed up your access to the Web site and the information you wish to see , but it does not contain any personal information .
The majority of Web browsers accept cookies , but the help menu on your browser should give you options for preventing , accepting , or receiving notice of new cookies .
However , please be aware that if you block cookies , some Web site functionality may be lost .
We collect two types of information :
Standard Web server traffic pattern information .
General traffic , site usage , browser information and length of stay information is collected and stored in log files .
This type of information is shared externally only on an aggregated basis .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly .
If you personalize a Web site , volunteer , order a book , request information , or donate , for example , we may collect the following information : first and last name , street address , city , state , zip code , telephone number , email address , and subject of inquiry .
Personal information may be needed for certain optional online activities :
These preferences may include requests for email , news , information on specific cancer types , language preferences , and interest group selections ( patient , medical professional , volunteer ) .
You can access your profile by entering your user name and password each time you use the Web site .
You are not required , however , to enter your name or mailing address .
If you register to participate in an ACS event , such as Relay For Life or Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , using our event registration site , we may ask you if you are a cancer survivor .
This information is useful for event purposes .
Further , if you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about the event registration site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and address .
We will store this information in order to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Book orders : If you choose to order a book , we collect standard credit card information ( card number , card type , expiration date ) and keep a record of your financial transaction .
Credit card numbers are held only until the charge can be processed ( usually several minutes ) , then the number is only available to Customer Service for purposes of problem resolution .
Contributions : If you choose to donate to our organization , we maintain a record of your contribution .
Your financial information will be treated as described above in Book orders .
Requests : If you submit an online request for ACS products such as free brochures , or submit a question through a contact us query , we may have to gather additional information from you to respond to your request .
Such information will vary with the request but often includes name , shipping address , telephone number , and email address .
Public Forums : If you choose to participate in a chat room , discussion board , news group or another public forum that we make available to our users , please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information .
You should exercise caution when deciding whether or not to disclose your personal information .
Letter to Congress : If you choose to generate an email to your Congressional representative on our site , we receive a blind copy of the email .
We may use your letter or information from your letter to further educate Members of Congress about our cancer advocacy priorities .
We limit the use of information provided to us on our Web site to the following :
If you do not make a service request , donation , purchase , or otherwise identify yourself , we will have no personally identifiable information about you .
We will only use aggregate information derived , in part , from your use of our site to improve our site and our service to you .
If you provide personal information , we may enter your name into our constituent database and contact you in order to :
Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes .
Supply you with information including cancer related health news , ACS programs , events and services .
Request voluntary time or monetary contributions to ACS .
Request your participation in an ACS research study .
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email .
Inquiries may be forwarded to the appropriate ACS department for response and may be entered into our constituent database .
If your name is entered into the database , we may contact you ( see ( 2 ) above ) .
Your health-related information is privileged and confidential and will not be shared or released to any organization or business entity other than those affiliated with or working in conjunction with ACS as follows :
We use third parties to provide you with the following services :
Cancer Profiler : Disclosure of personal information is optional when using the cancer profiler .
Additional services offered by NexCura are covered by their privacy policy and may require payment and disclosure .
This service is offered through a partnership between the American Cancer Society and the Coalition of Cancer Cooperative Groups .
As part of the matching process , the Society and the Coalition will share your information with each other .
If requested , the Society will then contact you to discuss the details or provide further information .
We occasionally make our constituent names and postal addresses available to other reputable non-profit organizations .
We have found this to be the most cost-effective method of increasing our database of potential constituents and hope that you value the information they send you .
Your name is only available to these carefully screened organizations for a limited time and it is de-identified , such that it is not associated with the American Cancer Society .
Other organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing .
We do not share email addresses or health related data .
Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared .
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf .
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose .
We have relationships with companies that conduct charitable sales promotions and commercial coventures that support us in our mission and activities .
If you provide us with your mailing address , we may pass your contact information to these companies so that they may ask you if you are interested in receiving their services .
Your choice to use their services will benefit us ; the amount of money we receive from these entities as a result of your participation is disclosed at the time you are contacted about the service .
You are under no obligation to respond and the companies are restricted from using your contact information for any other purpose .
Information gathered as part of Cancer Profiler or Clinical Trials ( above ) is not shared .
We respect your privacy and allow you to restrict internal and external sharing of your personal information .
We recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you and we offer the following options :
Do not contact me by telephone .
Do not contact me by postal mail .
Do not contact me by email .
Do not share my contact information with other non-profit organizations .
Do not contact me with fundraising requests supporting the American Cancer Society .
Limit your fundraising appeals to semiannual solicitations only .
Do not contact me or share my information with anyone .
For more information on how to inform us of any desired restrictions , please click on the following link : opt out .
If you contact us with an opt-out request , all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure that you will not receive any of the selected communications from us in the future .
If you do not wish to opt out at this time , you may do so at a later date should you so desire .
If you opt back into a specific service , you will receive communication in that manner , regardless of your overall opt out selections .
These services may include newsletter subscriptions or email communication by asking a question using Contact Us .
Upon request , we will provide you with the information we maintain about you so that you may request corrections .
This information will be sent via postal mail , which we believe is the most secure method of communication .
Security and Privacy Requests
The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center
Austin , TX 78758
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing information or making corrections .
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information and to honoring your choices for its intended use .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we strive to maintain physical , electronic , and administrative safeguards .
We process your financial transactions securely using the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ( `` PCI DSS '' ) ( the credit card industry 's most stringent security standard ) .
Examples of our security measures include : physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards ; sophisticated security monitoring tools ; documented security policies ; use of strong encryption ( e.g. , SSL ) for transmissions of Order Information to and from our credit card processor ; restricted access of personally identifiable information ; and , periodic security audits .
Inside ACS , data is stored in password-controlled servers .
Our staff and volunteers are educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and we are committed to holding them accountable for protecting your confidentiality .
However , such precautions do not guarantee that our Web site is invulnerable to all security breaks .
ACS makes no warranty , guarantee , or representation that the use of our Web site is protected from viruses , security threats , or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure .
Whenever ACS permits an external third party to access personally-identifiable information , appropriate procedures are followed to help ensure that the information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices ACS constituents have made under this statement , and that the security , integrity and privacy of the information is maintained .
While ACS will employ procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above , we can not make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties .
Links Within Our Web Site
Because of the various programs and services at ACS , there are several privacy notices to inform our constituents of policies specific to the activity in which they are participating .
Please click on any one of the following links to learn more :
Continuing Medical Education : Online Database
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the ACS Web site .
This site contains links to other sites , including sites that have a special relationship with us .
We do not disclose personably identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices .
Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those Web sites .
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you .
This privacy statement will be updated periodically and posted on our Web site .
It applies only to our on-line practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization .
Please click on one of the links provided under Internal Links to read other ACS privacy statements .
It applies to the on-line practices of ACS and its chartered Divisions located throughout the country .
References to `` American Cancer Society '' , `` ACS '' , `` we '' , `` us '' and `` our '' are references to American Cancer Society , Inc. and its affiliates , staff and volunteers .
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting revisions .
You agree to review the Privacy Policies each time you use our Web site so that you are aware of any modifications .
By accessing or using the Web site , you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the ACS Privacy Policy as posted at the time of your access or use .
Security and Privacy Requests
The American Cancer Society National Cancer Information Center
Austin , TX 78758
We reserve the right to update this policy at any time .
If a material change is made to the policy , we will email all registered users at the email address provided at time of registration .

Capital One 's Online Privacy Practices Statement
This notice describes Capital One 's online privacy practices and applies to anyone who visits our websites .
It explains how we may collect information from you online when you visit a Capital One website and how we may protect and use that information .
Information that you provide to Capital One when you apply for or obtain a product or service from us to be used primarily for personal , family or household purposes is also governed by a separate document entitled Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice .
If you are such an applicant or customer , please refer to that notice for additional information .
Capital One may collect information about you when you browse our website or use our online services .
We may collect technical information about your browser and the pages that you visit .
For example , we may collect your internet protocol address , which is a numerical identifier assigned to a computer or device that connects to the internet .
We may also collect any information you volunteer to us , such as survey feedback or contact information .
Capital One may use cookies and other online tracking devices .
Cookies are small text files that a website 's server places on your computer .
The cookies provide a means for websites that you visit to track browsing activities conducted with your computer .
This includes information such as pages and content viewed , the time and duration of visits , search queries entered into search engines , and whether a computer user clicked on an advertisement .
Cookies make the personalization of your Web experiences possible and can also be used to retain data related to a particular browser such as items in online shopping carts .
In addition to cookies , there are other devices for tracking online activity including Flash cookies and Web beacons .
A Web beacon is a small string of software code that represents a graphic image on website or email .
Web beacons can be used for many purposes - including site traffic reporting , unique visitor counts , advertising auditing and reporting , and personalization of a website .
How We Use Information
We may use cookies or similar devices to help us understand which parts of our site you find most useful and to optimize your browsing experience .
Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our site and can allow us to identify the path by which you returned to our site .
We may use any of the information we collect to offer you special products and services and to assist us in taking data security precautions .
If you choose , you can set your browser to inform you when cookies are sent or you may choose not to accept cookies .
Your decision not to accept cookies could limit access to some of the services and offers that are available on our website .
A separate document entitled Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice explains how we may the use the information you provide when you apply for or obtain a consumer product or service from us .
If you are such an applicant or customer , please refer to that notice for additional information .
We may partner with third parties such as Yahoo , Microsoft ( Atlas technology ) and [ x+1 ] to deliver advertisements and monitor activities on our own website and other websites .
We may monitor advertisement click-throughs , Web traffic , statistics , and/or other activities in order to improve browsing experiences on our website .
Our partners may use cookies , Web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile statistics about website visitors .
These third parties are subject to their own privacy policies .
We may share information that we collect online with companies within the Capital One family , and with trusted third parties .
Third party service providers with whom we share identifiable information are contractually obligated to keep the information confidential and to use the information only to provide the services we have asked them to perform .
For a description of how Capital One may share information collected from consumers who have applied for or obtained a consumer product or service from us , please refer to Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice .
If you provide your email address to us , or if we obtain it from another source , we may use it to respond or update you on your inquiries , to contact you about your accounts or to let you know about products and services that may be available to you .
If we send you an email advertisement , it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving such emails in the future .
If you elect to opt out of receiving email advertisements , we may still send you emails about your account relationships with us .
If your name was previously selected for any of our upcoming email offers , it is possible for you to receive information from Capital One up to 10 business days after your request has been submitted .
If you receive an email that claims to be from us but you are not sure , or if you think it is suspicious , do not click on any of the links in the e-mail .
Protecting Children 's Online Privacy
Capital One encourages protection of children 's information on the internet .
We will not intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 on our website without first obtaining consent from their parents or legal guardians .
Capital One Online Services
Capital One offers its customers a variety of online account services .
When you register for those services , we will provide you with specific terms and conditions that may supplement the information in this notice .
If you set your browser to reject cookies , you may not be able to use some Capital One online account services .
Our websites may include links to third-party websites .
These third parties are not subject to this notice or to the Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice .
Whenever you visit a third-party website , you should review its privacy notice .
At Capital One , we make your safety and security a top priority and are committed to protecting your personal and financial information .
If we collect identifying information from you , we will protect that information with controls based upon internationally recognized security standards , regulations , and industry-based best practices .
Capital One maintains customer authentication procedures to protect your personal information and account from identity theft .
These procedures are for your protection .
This notice describes Capital One 's current online privacy practices .
Capital One may change its online privacy practices in the future and we may revise this notice to reflect material changes .
This notice was last revised September 1 , 2009 , and is effective as of that date

Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications , Inc. and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Hearst '' ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ( `` Magazines '' ) , from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
Information You Provide .
Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , request back issues of our Magazines , subscribe to our Magazines , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to any of our Magazines , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
When you provide us your email address ( e.g. , to subscribe to our Magazines ) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites , some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences .
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we 've assigned .
Your user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) will function across many of our Covered Sites , regardless of brand .
Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ( `` Shared Registration Sites '' ) ; however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites .
A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below , and may be updated from time to time .
Current Shared Registration Sites are : The National Magazine Company Limited .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned .
If you cancel your User Registration , we will retain your email address , user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again , against your wishes .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Hearst can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Magazines , and in trade media , and advertising .
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Hearst may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site ( as defined in Section 3 ( c ) above ) .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst .
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Hearst ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : alc-opt-out.com .
California & Canadian Users : Your California Privacy Rights.California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
Marketing provided by Hearst .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Hearst , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Hearst can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
This policy was last updated on July 26 , 2013 .

( POSTED JUNE 14 , 2013 .
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY FOR USERS WHO JOIN CARE.COM ON OR AFTER JUNE 14 , 2013 AND ON AUGUST 20 , 2013 FOR USERS WHO JOINED CARE.COM PRIOR TO JUNE 14 , 2013 .
SUPERSEDES ALL PREVIOUS VERSIONS OF THE CARE.COM PRIVACY POLICY . )
Care.com offers various services to help its users find , coordinate , and maintain quality care .
Care.com 's Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) is designed to provide a clear understanding of the information we collect and how we use it to provide our services and give users a better experience .
For purposes of this Agreement , the terms `` Care.com , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' and `` our '' refer to Care.com , Inc .
`` You '' refers to you , as a visitor or user or the Site or the Services .
Please note that our subsidiaries have separate privacy policies .
In addition , this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party entities that may use the Care.com Site or Services .
Such entities ' use of the Care.com Site and Services are subject to separate terms that they agreed when they registered with Care.com .
By using the Site and/or the Services , you consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information and other information as described in this Privacy Policy .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Care.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact our legal department at the address at the bottom of this policy .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please note that the TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through Care.com 's full website and does not cover the information that may be collected through its mobile websites , mobile applications or software downloaded from the Site .
Information provided by others
Information you expressly authorize us to collect
Technical and usage information
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
Your Choices Regarding the Sharing of your Personal Information
Changing or Removing your Personal Information and Closing your Account
Collection of Information from Children
How We Protect Information
Links to other Websites
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We collect both `` Personal Information '' and `` Non Personal Information '' about our users .
In this policy , Personal Information is information that can be used to contact or identify you , such as your full name and email address , and information that is linked to such information .
`` Non Personal Information '' is information that can not be used to contact or identify you and is not linked to information that can be used to contact or identify you and includes passively collected information about your activities on our Site , such as usage data , to the extent that information is not linked to your Personal Information .
Site Visitors can access and browse certain portions of the Site without disclosing Personal Information , although , like most websites , we passively collect certain information from your computer , such as your IP address and web browser user agent , when you browse the Site .
Visitors who access and browse the Site without registering are `` Site Visitors '' .
In order to utilize some of the Services offered by Care.com , you must register with Care.com .
All users who register with Care.com are `` Registered Users '' .
Regardless of whether you are a Site Visitor or a Registered User , all Personal Information that you provide to us when registering , posting a job , posting a profile , communicating through the Site , discussing care options over the phone , utilizing our mobile applications or that you otherwise provide on the Site or by phone , email or postal mail , will be stored by us .
You represent and warrant to us that you have the right and authority to provide us all Personal Information you provide about yourself or others .
You may provide us this Personal Information in various ways , including :
When you register directly through Care.com , we will collect and store the information that you provide to us directly on our online registration forms .
This may include , among other information :
your first and last name
Some users may have the opportunity to register with Care.com by connecting through Facebook 's application programming interface ( API ) .
Please see Section I.B.4 below to learn about the information we access , collect and store if you register for Care.com through Facebook .
If you register for a Service that requires you to pay a fee , Care.com will also collect your credit card type , number , expiration date , and security code as well as your billing address for payment purposes and your birthday , if not previously provided .
When posting a job
If you are a Care Seeker , we collect and store all of the additional information that you provide to us on your job posting or that is otherwise included in an auto-generated job posting .
This may include , among other information :
the type of care you are looking for , your schedule , location , hourly rate , number of children and ages ( if applicable ) , narrative job description , requirements for a Care Provider ( such as ability to drive )
pictures you choose to provide
health information , if you choose to provide it
any other information you choose to include in your job posting
When posting a profile
If you are a Care Provider , we collect and store all of the additional information that you provide to us in your profile .
This may include , among other information :
details on the care you offer , including for example the type of care you provide , your availability , your location , your level of education , languages you speak , your ability to drive
related services you provide
pictures you choose to post
references , if you choose to provide them
any other information you choose to include in your profile
Both Site Visitors and Registered Users may provide Personal Information to Care.com when they contact Member Care or utilize certain Services Care.com may offer by telephone .
For example , if you call a Care.com to discuss care options over the phone , we will collect and store all of the Personal Information you chose to provide to us , including but not limited to financial information , information about the care you or your loved one needs , health information about yourself or the loved one you seek care for , your contact information , etc .
If you provide information about someone other than yourself , you represent that you have authority to do so .
Otherwise through the Site or by telephone , email , postal mail or chat
Certain Registered Users may provide Personal Information on the Site through other Site features and offerings such as our online communications , groups and payment platforms and our senior care offerings .
In some cases , Site Visitors may have the ability to provide us Personal Information through the Site , such as contact information .
In addition , both Registered Users and Site Visitors may choose to provide us additional Personal Information by phone , email , postal mail , or chat .
We collect and store all of the Personal Information you provide us through these channels .
Moreover , if you provide information about someone other than yourself through any of these channels , you represent that you have authority to do so .
Information provided by others
By Site Visitors , Registered Users and others
Care.com also captures and collects information that Site Visitors , Registered Users and others provide about each other .
For example , Care Providers may invite Site Visitors , Registered Users or others to rate and indicate their relationship to the Care Provider on the Site .
Additionally , certain Care.com Registered Users may post reviews about individual Care Providers .
Care.com may also obtain and post audio recordings of Care Provider references , which may also be accessed from the Site .
In addition , certain Registered Users may communicate directly with each other through Care.com platforms .
Site Visitors , Registered Users and others also may provide us information about Registered Users by phone , email or postal mail .
Care.com captures and stores all information it receives from Site Visitors , Registered Users and others about other Registered Users and Site Visitors .
By third parties to verify your information and representations
In order to promote the safety and integrity of the Site and Service , you authorize Care.com in its Terms of Use to utilize third party service providers to use your Personal Information to scan on an on going basis a variety of sources , which may include , but are not limited to , national criminal databases , sex offender registries , certain media streams , terrorist watch lists , criminal and fugitive watch lists , fraud watch lists , law enforcement reports , and other data to assist us in verifying the information you provide us ( such as your name , address , email address , etc . ) and the representations and warranties you make in the Terms of Use and on the Site ( such as representations regarding your criminal background ) ( `` Verification Checks '' ) .
The results of any Verification Checks will be made available to Care.com .
By third parties that perform background checks
For the legitimate business purpose of protecting the safety and integrity of the Site and Care.com users , you authorize Care.com in its Terms of Use to utilize a third party consumer reporting agency to use your Personal Information to run periodic background checks on you when you register with Care.com and thereafter in connection with your continued use of our Services and/or interaction with our Site .
In addition , we may provide some or all Registered Users with the option of requesting a background check be run on themselves or on Care Providers they are considering hiring .
Any such background checks will be subject to the terms we establish for such checks on the Site pages where you may request them , the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
Care.com may receive a copy of , or otherwise have access to , any such completed background check .
By Facebook if you connect to Care.com through Facebook
You may have the opportunity to connect to Care.com through Facebook 's API when you register for Care.com or after you have registered for Care.com .
If you connect to Care.com through Facebook , either when you register or after you have registered , we will collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information you agreed that Facebook could provide to Care.com through its API .
Your agreement ( and our access to your information ) takes place when you instruct , accept or allow Facebook to register you for a Care.com account or otherwise connect to Care.com through Facebook .
The information Care.com may access , collect and store may include the following , among other information , as allowed by you , Facebook 's API , and your Facebook privacy settings :
your location ( i.e . city )
the names and pictures of your Facebook friends
your interests and affinity networks
other information you make publicly available via Facebook
By service providers you use in connection with our Services
If you engage a service provider through Care.com , such as a home care agency or a payments processor , that service provider may provide us Personal Information about you or your loved ones such as information relating to your transactions with them .
In addition , we may obtain from other sources publicly available Personal Information , such as demographic data , and other information to enable us to comply with regulatory requirements , ensure the accuracy of data , better understand your likely interests , prevent fraud , etc .
Information you expressly authorize us to collect
We may from time to time request permission for collect Personal Information from or about you .
For example , if you use a Care.com mobile application , we may request permission to access information about the contacts listed in your mobile device phone book when you initiate an address book search for friends who have downloaded the application .
We may also request permission to access and store your location .
If you grant your permission , we will access and or store such information unless you subsequently opt out by adjusting the settings in your mobile device .
Technical and usage information
Log files , IP addresses and information about your computer and mobile device
When you visit the Site , Care.com receives the internet protocol ( `` IP '' ) address of your computer ( or the proxy server you use to access the internet ) , your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using .
If you are using a mobile device , Care.com may also receive your mobile device id ( UDID ) , or another unique identifier , and mobile operating system .
We may correlate this information with other Personal Information we have about you .
Additionally , when you visit the Care.com website we and any third parties we use to place ads on our Site automatically receive the URL of the webpage from which you came .
If you click on an ad , we and any such third party may also receive the URL of the page you were on when you clicked the ad and the URL of the site associated with the ad that you clicked .
Cookies and other technologies
Like most websites , we and our service providers use cookies and tracking pixels to track Site usage and trends , evaluate the effectiveness of our ads both on and off our Site , customize your experience on the Site and improve the quality of our Services .
For example , using these technologies we can determine , among other things , which pages of our Site you visit and which ads you click on .
A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer , mobile phone , or other device , and allows us to recognize you when you return to the Site using the same computer ( or mobile device ) and web browser .
You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser , but in some cases doing so may impact your ability to use Care.com .
Tracking pixels do not identify individual users and the analysis of data obtained by tracking pixels is performed on an aggregate basis .
When you visit our Site or open one of our emails , we may allow authorized third parties , such as ad servers , ad agencies , ad exchanges , ad technology vendors and research firms , to place or recognize a unique cookie , pixel , and/or similar technologies on your browser in order to provide you relevant Care.com advertisements as you surf the Internet .
These advertisements may be targeted to you based on information these authorized third parties know or infer about you and include in the cookies placed on your browser and/or information about your Internet browsing activities gathered through your browser .
If you prefer not to receive these online behavioral advertisements , you may opt-out here .
In order for the opt-out to work , your browser must be set to accept third party cookies .
Furthermore , if you buy a new computer or mobile device , change web browsers or delete the opt-out cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
Please note that if you opt-out you may continue to receive Care.com advertisements as you surf the Internet , including contextual ads based on the content on a webpage you are visiting .
However , these advertisements will not be displayed based on information contained in , or collected by , cookies or other technologies placed on your browser when you visit our Site or open our emails .
Social media features and widgets
Our Site includes social media features and widgets , such as the Facebook `` Like '' button and the Facebook `` Share '' button .
These features may collect your IP address , the URL of the page you are visiting on our Site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
How We Use Information
In general , the Personal Information we collect is used ( 1 ) to improve our Services and enhance your experience with Care.com , ( 2 ) to enable us to provide a safer community for all of our Registered Users , and ( 3 ) to help us communicate with you .
For example , we may use your Personal Information to :
register and service your account .
include in Care Seeker job postings and Care Provider profiles .
contact you in response to questions and solicit feedback and input from you .
enable Care Seekers and Care Providers to search based on the Personal Information the other has made available on the Site , and the information others have provided about them .
connect Care Seekers with Care Providers that appear to meet their needs and preferences .
enable Registered Users to search for , find , interact , connect and share information with other Registered Users they may have an interest in interacting with .
enable Registered Users who connect to Care.com through Facebook to see which of their Facebook friends who have connected to Care.com through Facebook are Registered Users or friends with other Registered Users who have connected to Care.com through Facebook .
verify information you provide us as well as the representations and warranties you make to us in the Terms of Use or on the Site .
otherwise help protect the safety and integrity of the Site and Care.com users .
target promotional messages or content on the Site , via email or other ads on Care.com or third party sites .
In general , we use the Non Personal Information we collect to help us improve our Services and customize the user experience , such as by providing targeted useful features and promotions based on the type of Service you seek .
We also aggregate the information collected via cookies and similar technologies to use in statistical analysis to help us track trends , evaluate the effectiveness of our ads and analyze patterns in the use of Care.com .
How We Share Information
In addition to using the information collected by Care.com for the purposes described above , we may also share your information with various third parties , as described below .
Please review our sharing policy closely , especially with respect to your Personal Information .
By using our Site or our Services , you agree to allow us to share the Personal Information you provide to us in the ways described below .
Your ability to make changes to what information is shared is described below in Section IV .
With All Site Visitors and Registered Users
If you are a Care Seeker or a Care Provider , in order to increase your chances of finding a job or finding the care you need , we share with Site Visitors and Registered Users the information that is included in your job posting or profile , aside from your contact information , as well as the following registration information , which we may include in your job posting or profile : your first name , first initial of your last name , city , state , profile picture , and if you are a Care Provider , your gender and , unless you opt-out , your age .
With certain exceptions , you choose how much detail you want to include in either your job posting or your profile ; the more information you share , however , the better chance you have of finding either care or a job .
We may also share on your profile or job posting any company reviews you have posted on our Site and whether you have connected to Care.com through Facebook .
If you are a Care Provider and have elected to verify certain information with Care.com or to have a background check performed , we may also disclose that information in your profile in addition to any payment or payroll preferences you have indicated .
If you post information in a Care.com online group forum , such as the Working Moms Group , that information may be viewed by any Site Visitor or Registered User who accesses the forum .
We may display personal testimonials of Registered Users and other endorsements on our Site or in other marking materials .
These testimonials or endorsements may include Non Personal Information such as the Registered User 's first name , first initial of last name , town and state .
With a Registered User 's consent , we may include Personal Information such as their full name .
With other Registered Users and corporate providers
In addition to the information that is provided to all visitors to Care.com , Care Provider reviews and references are made available to certain Registered Users .
If you are a Care Provider , your phone number will be visible to certain Registered Users if you elect to share it in your profile .
In addition , your approximate residential location ( through Google map plotting ) is made available to certain Registered Users unless you elect to keep that information confidential .
If you are a Care Seeker or a Care Provider , you will appear in search result listings if you match the search criteria used by a Care Provider or Care Seeker , as applicable .
Similarly , you may appear in emails sent to Care Providers or Care Seekers in your area .
Care Seekers may opt-out of being included in Care Provider search results and in certain emails sent to Care Providers .
In addition , if you are a Care Seeker and you view the profile of certain Care Providers , those Care Providers will be able to see that you have viewed their profiles unless you opt-out of that information sharing .
If you are a Registered User , your Care.com online status may be made available to other Registered Users unless you elect to keep that information confidential .
If you connect to Care.com through Facebook , we may allow any of your Facebook friends who have connected to Care.com through Facebook to see that you are a Registered User .
In addition , other Registered Users who have connected to Care.com through Facebook will be able to see if you are friends with any of their Facebook friends or if you share certain affinities or interests with them .
If you register for our Karoo mobile application , other Registered Users of that application may search for you by name , email address or other information .
If they do , your name and profile photo will appear in the search results list and the searcher may contact you through the application to request to join your network or invite you to join theirs .
No other Personal Information on the application will be shared with the Registered User unless you expressly allow them into your Karoo network .
However , all information you post to the Karoo application will be available to all members of your network , including your location when you post to the application if you have given us permission to access and collect your location information .
If you fill out a form to request information from a specific corporate care provider , such as a specific day care or tutoring center , the contact information you submit on a form for the provider will be forwarded to that provider .
Similarly , if you call a corporate care provider directly or click to a corporate care provider 's site from the Care.com site , any information you provide over the phone or on the provider 's site , you will be providing directly to the provider .
In addition , if you contact Care.com via phone or other channels to obtain information about senior care or other care options for yourself or your loved ones , information you provide Care.com , including contact , health , financial and other information may be forwarded to entity care providers that may meet your stated needs and preferences so the care providers may evaluate your needs and preferences and contact you .
If you provide information about someone other than yourself , you represent that you have authority to provide us the information and to authorize us to share the information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Once provided to an entity care provider , the information is subject to the privacy policies of the provider .
If we terminate your registration for any reason , we reserve the right to send a notice of your termination to other Registered Users with whom we believe you have corresponded .
We also share Personal Information with vendors who perform services on behalf of Care.com , including without limitation vendors who provide email services , demographic information , or geo-location information , vendors who perform background checks or verification checks , vendors who process credit card payments , vendors who run classified advertising businesses , and vendors who send SMS messages to Registered Users ' mobile phone numbers , in each case to the extent applicable .
Care.com has selected vendors who maintain high standards with respect to privacy and agree to use the Personal Information only to perform specific services on behalf of Care.com .
With listings in Google and other public search engines
In an effort to further facilitate the ability for Care Seekers or Care Providers to find a caregiver or job , selected information contained in Care Seeker job postings and Care Provider profiles , which may include photo , first name , first initial of last name , city , state , and job/provider description , may also be shared with third party search engines and other vendors who run classified advertising businesses , and thus may be listed in third party web site search results ( e.g. , Google ) , which would make that information available to the public and allow them to link to your Care.com posting .
Registered Users can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting their account settings .
If you post information in a Care.com online group forum , such as the Working Moms Group , your content , including your name as the contributor , may be displayed in third party search engine results and available to the public .
With Facebook if you connect to Care.com through Facebook
If you connect to Care.com through Facebook 's API , you may elect to post certain of your activities on Care.com back to your Facebook account .
You will be prompted to decide whether or not to share those Care.com activities back to your Facebook account .
With third parties to send you direct mail from other companies
We may share certain of your Personal Information , such as your name , postal address and other information we know about you such as your age , presence of children and the type of care you are looking for to third parties in the business of facilitating communications , such as direct mail brokers , to enable them to send you postal mail advertisements from companies whose products we believe may be of interest to you .
We do not share email addresses for this purpose , and we do not allow these third parties to provide your personal information directly to the companies whose products are being advertised .
If you do not want to receive these advertisements and prefer that we do not share your information with these third party communication facilitators for that purpose , you may opt-out by adjusting your account settings .
As required by law or for reasons of safety
You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information we 've collected about you if required to do so by law or if we , in our sole discretion , believe that disclosure is reasonable to comply with the law , requests or orders from law enforcement , or any legal process ( whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law ) , or to protect or defend Care.com 's , or a third party 's , rights or property .
We may also reserve the right to disclose information we 've collected about you for purposes of protecting the health and safety of our community and Registered Users , such as in the case of risk of harm or violence against any person ( including you ) .
You acknowledge and agree that to the maximum extent permitted by law we may disclose any of the information we 've collected about you to any of our affiliates or subsidiaries , for the purposes of providing you with the Services , operating the Site , and our other commercial purposes .
We also may share your Personal Information with a third party if you consent to the sharing .
Care.com offers various background check services from consumer reporting agencies .
If you order a preliminary , preferred or preferred + background check to be run on you in response to a request by a Care Seeker who is considering hiring you and the check comes back clean or with information that does not result in Care.com suspending or terminating your account , we will forward the check to the Care Seeker who requested it .
The results of a preliminary , preferred or preferred + background check that results in Care.com suspending or terminating your account will not be shared with other users .
If you authorize a premium background check to be run on you in response to a request by a Care Seeker who is considering hiring you , the results of the check will be shared directly with the Care Seeker .
If you have requested a background check through Care.com , a statement may be included in your profile to confirm that you have completed that check .
However , we will not share the check or results with any other Site Visitor or Registered User unless you specifically consent .
The service provider who completes the background check may send the results to you by email or postal mail .
You acknowledge that sensitive material may be included in your background check , and that you are responsible for providing us and our service provider ( if applicable ) with correct mailing information .
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any Non Personal Information , such as information passively collected from your computer via cookies , web beacons , or standard logging of website activity .
If you do not wish to share this information with Care.com , then you should take steps to limit the passive collection of data about your activities on our site , for example , by changing your browser settings to disable cookies .
We reserve the right to use and disclose such Non Personal Information , as well as any other Non Personal Information we collect , with our advertisers and other third parties at our discretion .
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred .
You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy , and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer 's affiliates may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Your Choices Regarding the Sharing of your Personal Information
Registered Users have control over what optional Personal Information they choose to share with us when utilizing our Services ( such as pictures , certain details in a job description or profile , etc . ) .
In addition , Registered Users have the following opt out choices with respect to the sharing of their Personal Information :
Registered Users can opt out of having their Care.com online status visible to other Registered Users who are on Care.com .
Registered Users can opt out of having information contained in their job postings or caregiver profiles shared with third party web sites to be listed in third party search engine results such as Google .
Registered Users who have connected to Care.com through Facebook may subsequently opt out of having certain of their Facebook information shared with Care.com and certain of their Care.com information shared with Facebook by disabling Facebook Connect in their account settings .
If a Care Provider has chosen to have their phone number made available to other Registered Users but later decides they no longer wish to make it available , they may change their election .
Care Providers can opt out of having their approximate residential location ( through Google map plotting ) visible to Registered Users by calling Member Care at 877-227-3115 .
Care Providers can opt out of having their age visible to Registered Users .
Care Seekers can opt out of appearing in Care Provider search results and in certain Care Provider emails by adjusting their account settings to not allow Care Providers to initiate contact with them .
They can also opt out of allowing Care Providers see that they have viewed the Care Providers ' profiles .
Registered Users can opt out of our sharing their Personal Information with third party communication facilitators who may send them direct mail solicitations on behalf of other companies by adjusting your account settings or sending us an email through this link and requesting that we opt you out of information sharing .
Users of a Care.com mobile application , who have given Care.com permission to access certain information from their mobile device such as their location , may subsequently opt out of that information sharing by adjusting the settings in their mobile device .
Except as otherwise provided above , you may call Member Care at 877-227-3115 , or adjust your account settings to opt out of any of the above information sharing that is applicable to your account .
Your opt out preferences will take effect within 10 days of receipt of your request .
By becoming a Care.com Registered User , you are consenting to receive certain email communications from us , such as special offers , tips and advice , notifications of new Care Seekers or Care Providers in your area , customer surveys and administrative notices .
You have a choice at any time to stop us from sending you emails for marketing purposes by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
You also have the option to opt out of receiving certain other emails from Care.com , such as certain educational emails , by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
Go to your account settings for a complete list of the email types you may opt out of receiving .
If you receive promotional or other email communications from us that you have the option to opt out of , you also will be able to opt out of receiving further communications of that type by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail .
Please note that despite any indicated email marketing preferences , we may send you administrative emails regarding Care.com , including , for example , notices of updates to our Privacy Policy , notifications of new Care Seekers or Care Providers in your area , responses to job postings from Care Providers , and responses to job applications from Care Providers , if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner .
You may also opt-out of receiving unsolicited marketing calls from us regarding your Care.com account by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
If you have opted in to receive text messages from us but would now like to opt out , you may do so by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
You also have a choice to stop us from contacting you by phone for marketing purposes by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
If you are a Care Seeker , certain Care Providers may initiate contact with you directly using the messaging features of the Care.com Site .
You have an option at any time to stop permitting Care Providers from initiating contact with you by adjusting your settings in your account settings .
Changing or Removing your Personal Information and Closing your Account
If the Personal Information you provided when you registered changes , you may update this information by logging into your account and accessing your account settings .
If you would like to remove some of the Personal Information you have posted on the Site , such as information you posted in profiles and job postings , you may do so by editing or deleting that item in your My Profile & Setting area or your My Job area .
In some cases , we may not be able to reasonably accommodate your request to remove your Personal Information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
If you no longer wish to participate in our Services you may close your account directly in the account settings portion of your account .
If you close your Care.com account , we will remove your name and other Personal Information from our publicly viewable database .
If you close your account , we have no obligation to retain your information , and may delete any or all of your account information without liability .
However , we may retain information related to you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse , or for legitimate business purposes , such as analysis of aggregated , Non Personal Information , account recovery , auditing our records , enforcing our rights and obligations under our agreements or if required by law .
Care.com may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other Registered Users .
For example , just as an email you may send to another person through an email service provider resides in that person 's inbox even after you delete it from your sent files or close your account , emails you send to others through Care.com to other Users , as well as your contributions to Care.com groups , may remain visible to others after you have closed your account .
Similarly , other information you have shared with others , or that others have copied , may also remain visible .
Care.com disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention ( subject to the terms herein ) of information or any obligation not to delete the information .
Care.com does not control when search engines update their search index or cache , which may contain certain job post , profile or other information that has since been removed from Care.com 's Site .
Collection of Information from Children
Care.com 's Site and Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 14 .
Accordingly , Care.com does not knowingly collect , either online or offline , personal information from individuals under the age of 14 .
How We Protect Information
We have implemented industry-recognized safeguards to help protect your information from unauthorized access .
These safeguards include :
Care.com uses SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) , the industry standard method for computers to communicate securely without risk of manipulation or recipient impersonation .
We utilize SSL in the online registration process , in the login process , and in the account management section of the Site .
Care.com uses strong encryption technology to protect sensitive information .
Care.com employs firewalls , intrusion detection systems , and system monitoring to protect against unauthorized access of our systems .
Your user accounts are also protected by the password you use to access your online account with Care.com , and we urge you to take steps to keep your password safe .
If you feel your password has been compromised , you should change it immediately by logging into your account and visiting the `` My Profile & Settings '' section .
After you have finished using our Site , you should log out of your Care.com account and exit your browser .
WE TAKE THESE PRECAUTIONS IN AN EFFORT TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AGAINST SECURITY BREACHES .
HOWEVER , THIS IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED , DISCLOSED , ALTERED , OR DESTROYED BY BREACH OF SUCH FIREWALLS AND SECURE SERVER SOFTWARE .
BY USING OUR SITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS .
Links to other Websites
Care.com may provide links to other web sites that we believe may be of interest to our users .
However , we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those web sites , nor are we responsible for the information or content they contain .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through Care.com ; thus when you use a link to go from our web site to another third party web site , this policy is no longer in effect .
We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of these other web sites before proceeding to use them .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Care.com reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat Personal Information by sending a notice to the email address registered in your account , or by placing a prominent notice on our Site , so that you can choose whether to continue using our Services .
Significant changes will go into effect 30 days after we notify .
Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately upon posting of the updated policy on our Site .
Your use of the Site or the Services after such effective date will constitute acceptance by you of such changes .
Legal Deppng ? v=140102 '' alt= '' Facebook '' > Twitter YouTube Google
Care.com in My Town
Care Around the World
Care.com is the world 's largest online destination for care .
We connect families with great caregivers and caring companies to help you be there for the ones you love .
Care.com does not employ , recommend or endorse any care provider or care seeker nor is it responsible for the conduct of any care provider or care seeker .
Care.com provides information and tools to help care seekers and care providers connect and make informed decisions .
However , each individual is solely responsible for selecting an appropriate care provider or care seeker for themselves or their families and for complying with all applicable laws in connection with any employment relationship they establish .
Care.com does not provide medical advice , diagnosis or treatment or engage in any conduct that requires a professional license .
Care.com and `` There for you '' are service marks or registered service marks of Care.com , Inc. 2007-2013 Care.com , Inc .
All rights reserved .

Last Updated : 11/11/2013
Care2 takes seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online .
Please read the following to understand our views and practices regarding this matter , and how they pertain to you as you use our many offerings .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Care2.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site .
When visiting a website displaying the TRUSTe Trustmark , you will be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected :
The organization collecting the information ;
How the information is used ;
With whom the information may be shared ;
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ;
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ;
And how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
Questions regarding this privacy statement should be submitted to Care2 Customer Support using the Help Form .
If Care2 has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact TRUSTe .
Does Care2 ask for personal information ?
How does Care2 use my personal information ?
Should I post personal information in group forums ?
Will Care2 disclose any of my personal information ?
How do I change my personal information ?
What is heightened security ?
Will Care2 use my information for direct e-mailings ?
Does Care2 use cookies ?
What tracking technologies does Care2 use ?
Does Care2 sell e-mail addresses to advertisers ?
How does Care2 secure its data storage ?
What are the privacy standards for Care2 's marketplace partners and affiliates ?
What else should I know about my privacy ?
What happens if changes are made to the privacy policy ?
For more information ...
Does Care2 ask for personal information
Care2 asks for your name and other personal information when you sign up for our services .
How does Care2 use my personal information
Personal and Demographic Information : Care2 asks for personal information , such as your name , email address , street address and zip code .
Your personal information is used to set up your Care2 account and to allow you to use many Care2 member services .
Members may also supply additional information for special site services such as My Care2 and Biorhythms .
Care2 may also ask for demographic information , such as your education level , occupation and industry .
Care2 does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and if Care2 later learns that a child under 13 is registered , steps will be taken to remove the child 's information from the data base .
We also reserve the right to collect publicly available data about you , either obtained directly by us or through a 3rd party .
Advertising : Care2 's goal in collecting personal and demographic information is to provide our members with the most personalized web experience possible and our advertisers with an efficient means to reach the right audience .
By knowing about you , Care2 can deliver more relevant content and advertisements ( e.g . banner ads ) , and hence better service , to you .
In delivering targeted online advertisements , Care2 plays the middleman .
Advertisers give us an ad and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( e.g . females over 35 ) .
Care2 or one of our ad server partners takes and displays the ad to users meeting those criteria .
In this process , only Care2 -- not the advertiser can access individuals ' account information .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve some of the ads when you visit our web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements on Care2.com , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information use by these companies , click here .
Advertisers may also use `` clear gifs '' to track advertising page views , but this information is not connected to personal information collected by Care2 .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking Here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
Advertising revenues help keep Care2 services free , and provide revenues for donations for wildlife conservation and other charities .
Biorhythm Generator : The biorhythm generator is a Care2 feature that plots graph results of an individual 's intellectual , physical and emotional biorhythm cycles based on the individual 's birth date .
To use the feature , users enter their birth date and the date for which they wish to view results .
This information is only used for the Biorhythm feature .
The graph results are intended to inform and entertain .
Care2 does not share or disclose the birth date or graph information with any other party and is used only for immediate display for the person entering his/her information .
PetitionSite : Care2 owns and maintains the nonpartisan PetitionSite.com .
Petition and Public Comment signers are required to provide certain personal information such as name , email address and often street address .
This information is required to validate the petition / public comment .
Care2 uses cookies and a signature database to provide data integrity and ease of use .
For petitions and surveys you 've signed or completed , we treat your name , city , state , country and comments as public information - for example , we may provide compilations of petitions , with your comments , to the President and legislators , other targets , or to the press .
Unless you have requested to be shown as 'anonymous , ' this information will also be visible on the website .
We will not make your street address publicly available , but we may transmit it to members of Congress , to other public officials , or to other targets as part of a petition to validate your signature .
We may also make your comments , along with your first name , city , state and country , available to the press and public online .
Care2 hosts two kinds of petitions : free petitions sponsored by individuals and paid petitions sponsored by third parties , typically nonprofits or charities .
For the free petitions , only the public information listed above is made available to the petition sponsors or targets .
For many of the petitions sponsored by nonprofits , we provide an advocacy service allowing individuals to send individual e-mails to public officials , legislators , and other targets as well as public comments to government agencies , through our website .
These messages are sent in your name , with your e-mail address as the return address and your full name and contact information is provided as part of the submission .
These messages will only be sent out under your name as you approve them on an individual basis by signing an action .
You are solely responsible for the specific message ( s ) you send using our email tool .
Optional comments will be included in the body of the email message delivered to the petition target .
During the signing process , you may opt to receive certain newsletters and memberships , in which case Care2 will send your contact information to those 3rd party providers .
However , unless you specifically opt to receive such offers or send your contact information to 3rd parties during the signing process , Care2 will keep your email address information confidential .
Note that for many campaigns the default settings assume that you want to receive communications from the petition sponsor .
If you do not wish to receive such communications , please uncheck the box next to the signup offer .
Please note that when you join a 3rd party
We may use your petition activity to personalize the actions you see on the site and that we send to you by email .
This Privacy Policy is compliant with : ( i ) the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of the US - EU Safe Harbor Framework , and ( ii ) the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework .
We self-certify compliance with :
Care2 Cafe Discussions : To post messages to the Care2 Cafe discussion boards , users must be Care2 members and must log in .
When posting a message , a member 's Care2 name and/or user name will appear hyperlinked as the `` author '' of each message .
Login is required to ensure that every user who posts a message has a unique user id .
The name is hyperlinked to allow other Care2 users to e-mail you ; our system is designed to allow members to contact you via e-mail without revealing your e-mail address .
When posting a message , there is an e-mail notification check off box that is automatically checked off so that you will be notified via e-mail when another user responds to your posted message .
If you do not want to receive these e-mail notifications , simply uncheck the e-mail notification box before posting your message .
After posting a message , a link to your member profile will appear ( if you have submitted a member profile ) .
Because , your discussion postings and member profile will be publicly available , Do NOT include personal information .
To request removal of your personal information from our discussion boards , contact us using our Help Form .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
E-Cards : When sending e-cards , Care2 requires your email address and the name and email address of the intended e-card recipient .
We will only use this information for this purpose alone .
Care2 does not store this information and will only use it for the sole purpose of completing this order .
Care2 has a no-SPAM policy and thus will not share or sell the e-mail addresses entered by card senders .
E-Mail : To provide Care2 members email service , Care2 sends its email service provider , MailCentro , Inc. , your first and last name , user name , Care2 email address , and an encrypted password that serves as a proxy for your actual password ( Care2 does not relinquish your actual password , except on rare occasion as required to provide customer support to an individual ) .
MailCentro does not use the user 's information for any other purpose than to set up and maintain the email account .
Newsletters Care2 offers a variety of Care2 and 3rd party newsletters .
If you opt to receive one or more newsletters via a check box , submit button or by clicking on a specially marked subscribe link , Care2 will send any required contact information to those 3rd party providers .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or by going to your My Account page and change your preferences to unsubscribe from the newsletter .
Care2 Connect : Care2 Connect ( C2C ) is an optional part of Care2 that facilitates new connections between members .
C2C is accessible only among Care2 members who have personal profiles .
Your personal contact information such as your email address and street address will be kept hidden from the public , and made visible only to you and individuals you have indicated are your friends .
The C2C directory helps members locate their friends , and potential friends , by displaying first name , last name , city and other information on search results - but it does not include contact information per the aforementioned limitations .
Contact can be initiated for `` non-friends '' by using an anonymous messaging system that will not reveal either party 's address .
If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory , you can contact us using our Help Form .
When submitting a profile , you have the option of including information such as : your name , city , state , and country of residence , birthdate , gender , hobbies , interests , expertises , occupation , business , homepage url , email address , marital status , marital status , personal quote , photos , etc .
Remember : Because , much of this information will be publicly available , do NOT include confidential information .
Your personal friends network will be populated based on known relationships you have with other C2C members , as established through use of communications services on the Care2 system and as you specifically indicate while using C2C .
Your friends network will be visible to other C2C users , and the privacy of each person is protected as described herein .
Tell-a-Friend service : Care2 Connect members can elect to invite friends to join using an invitation template provided by Care2 .
Through the template , one e-mail invitation containing a unique url link is sent to each person whose email is entered by the sender .
Care2 has a no-SPAM policy and thus will not collect or sell the e-mail addresses entered by Care2 members .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Care2 stores [ or does not store ] this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [ and tracking the success of our referral program ] .
Your friend may contact us using our Help Form to request that we remove this information from our database .
Members can remove themselves from the C2C system at any time by adjusting their account settings via their My Account Page .
Some changes may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site .
Race for the Rain Forest , Race for the Big Cats , Race for the Primates , Race for the Pets in Need , Race for the Oceans and End Breast Cancer : Members and visitors may participate in the click-to-donate Races without entering personal information .
However , to track visits and see how one compares to other Race participants , members must be logged in while visiting the Race .
Care2 members are automatically registered for each race the first time they click on the free donation button while logged-in .
New visitors can become Race participants after registering for a Care2 account .
When Race participants login to a Race , Care2 tracks the participant 's site visits .
Race participants can elect to invite friends to join the Races using an invitation template provided by Care2 .
Through the template , one e-mail invitation containing a unique url link to the Race is sent to each person whose email is entered by the sender .
Care2 has a no-SPAM policy and thus will not collect or sell the e-mail addresses entered by Race participants .
All Race participants will also receive periodic Race updates via e-mail .
These updates can be disabled using the `` account settings '' page on the Race web site .
If a friend joins a Race using an invitation url , Care2 records the friend relationship and gives credit to the friend 's `` upline '' for each click .
Sending the url in personal e-mails or posting it in text or image-link format is entirely the member 's option , although Care2 specifically asks members to avoid sending the unique url to anyone they do not know .
Players ' participation data is aggregated daily and the participation statistics of the top 100 Racers are posted more frequently on each race .
Distributed Services : Care2 provides 3rd party affiliates access via service modules to certain content and services on the Care2 site .
These modules may include discussion boards , user submitted content and other services .
The modules may be embedded to appear as if they are part of the 3rd party websites , though the modules themselves are hosted on Care2 servers .
All feeds and service modules are subject to our Affiliate Terms of Service .
The goal for these distribution services is to expand Care2 's network reach to engage more like-minded individuals .
RSS Feeds : Care2 makes some content on our site available as RSS feeds .
Content available for syndication is usually denoted with an XML or RSS button .
All content syndicated is subject to our Terms of Service .
No modifications may be made to any of the materials syndicated .
No individual , organization or company may license , sell or otherwise assign use of Care2 RSS content .
RSS distribution services help Care2 and its members reach and engage more like-minded individuals .
Facebook Connect : You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Should I post personal information in group forums
Users should always be aware that any personally identifiable information submitted to Care2.com can be read , collected , and used by other users of the Care2 site , and could be used to send unsolicited messages to the submitter .
Care2 is not responsible for personally identifiable information which users choose to submit .
Care2 specifically advises users not to provide information which they regard as sensitive , such as email addresses , phone numbers , mailing addresses , or financial information .
Will Care2 disclose any of my personal information
Care2 will only disclose your personal information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , or respond to a government request , such as to comply with a subpoena , or similar legal process , or to protect the rights or property of Care2 , or as necessary to provide personalized Care2 member services .
If Care2 is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
Care2 may also disclose your personal information , including name and contact information in some limited circumstances such as when you specifically opt to receive a 3rd party newsletter .
We may also provide information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Care2 under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to communicate with you about offers from Care2 and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies , contact us through our Help Form .
Under confidentiality agreements , Care2 may also match user information with third-party data .
Also , Care2 does disclose aggregated user statistics ( for example , X % of our users are female ) in order to describe our services to prospective partners , advertisers , and other third parties , and for other lawful purposes .
do I change or delete my personal information ?
To make changes to your name , password , address , subscriptions and other account information , simply log in to your account and click on the `` My Account '' link .
Select the appropriate function ( s ) to make your desired change ( s ) .
For other changes or request deletion of your information to your account , please send an email , using our Help Form detailing the changes you wish to make to your account .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
What is `` Heightened Security ''
For your convenience , we provide a way for you to recover a lost password or user name via a webpage .
The `` heightened security '' option is an account management tool that disables that recovery feature .
If you enable heightened security , no one ( including yourself ) can search for your login information and view it online .
Will Care2 use my information for direct e-mailings
Care2 offers a variety of direct e-mail subscriptions describing our site progress , new features , healthy living tips , activist alerts , news and announcements including commercial and non-commercial offers .
If you do not want to receive any of our optional mailings , simply opt out of them when registering to become a member or during other subscription opportunities .
If you sign a petition on our PetitionSite.com , you will automatically receive updates on the petition and other important causes .
If you elect to receive a newsletter but later change your mind , go to your My Account page and change your Subscription preferences to unsubscribe from the newsletter .
Each emailing will also contain unsubscription information in the email footer .
Regardless of the above , Care2 may send occasional important updates regarding a member 's account , critical service announcements , and other correspondence to all registered members .
To stop all such announcements , you must delete your account .
You may do so by following this link to verify your identity .
Care2 also offers optional mailings from our partner nonprofit organizations and from commercial entities .
If you elect to receive any of these newsletters , some personal information including your name and contact information will be sent to the respective nonprofit or commercial entity delivering the newsletter .
The user should beware that by opting-in to either the nonprofit or commercial newsletter offerings , Care2 will no longer be able to track and control the user information sent out .
Does Care2 use cookies
Yes , cookies are used on Care2 in sevaral ways .
( 1 ) We use cookies to be reminded of whom you are and to access your account information ( stored on our computers ) to deliver a better and more personalized service to you .
( 2 ) The use of cookies by our [ partners , affiliates , tracking utility company , service providers ] and advertising networks serving ads onto Care2 may also use cookies .
Care2 has no control over information collected by advertising networks nor can we access this information .
( 3 ) We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
If you elect to disable cookies on web browser , you may be unable to use certain Care2 site features that require membership , such as accessing your email account , viewing member profiles , and changing your user preferences .
( 4 ) We , or a data provider we have engaged , may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads , content or services .
No personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies .
The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us , e.g. , your email address , in hashed , non-human readable form .
Additionally , emails we send may contain a bit of code known as a `` web beacon . ''
This code allows us to understand the time and date of when a user has opened an email and when he/she has utilized a link within the email to visit a website .
Our web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information .
Users wishing to disable our web beacons should do so by turning images `` off '' in their email client ( e.g. , Outlook , Outlook Express ) .
Please see your email client for more information .
What tracking technologies does Care2 use
In addition to cookies ( see above ) , Care2 and our third party advertising partners track information via database records and `` clear gifs '' .
These allow us to know if a web page has been viewed as well as what content has been effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a users computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
If you elect to disable cookies on your hard drive , this will also disable database tracking of personalized statistics such as click-to-donate race clicks , and you may be unable to use certain Care2 site features that require your user name , such as accessing your email account , viewing member profiles , and changing your user preferences .
Does Care2 sell e-mail addresses to advertisers
Not without your direct permission .
We respect your privacy and despise SPAM .
As mentioned above , in some cases you may opt to receive nonprofit partner newsletters or other commercial offers .
When you opt to receive such an offer via Care2 , we will send your email address and other necessary contact information to the newsletter publisher .
Depending on the newsletter , this may result in a fee paid to Care2 in exchange for a new customer .
Care2 will never offer newsletter subscriptions from , or reveal your address information to , organizations known to be spammers , casinos , or adult-content providers .
Why then do some people receive spam at an account they have only used on Care2 ? Either the spammer did `` random combinations '' of letters/numbers to guess the address , the member sent someone an email message that somehow got distributed , or perhaps someone entered their address by mistake somewhere else .
Bottom line , if it came from a known spammer , we had nothing to do with it - spam is bad , we hate it , and we would never associate ourselves with spammers .
With regards to e-mail communication with us , we read every message sent to us and do our best to respond quickly .
We do save messages that might be needed if the sender contacts us again , but we absolutely do not sell or rent e-mail addresses to other companies , unless you have specifically opted to receive such communications .
How does Care2 secure its data storage
Care2 's servers are located at a world-class co-location facility in California , USA .
The facility has some of the most powerful physical security systems in the business , from advanced smoke detection and fire suppression systems to 24/7 secured access with motion sensors , video camera surveillance , and security breach alarms .
Only certain Care2 employees are given access to the building .
Access to the database is protected by a firewall and secure data lines and available only to certain Care2 employees on an as-necessary basis .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Our data retention policy varies depending on the business and system needs , but remains in harmony with the other policies stated here .
Our business systems and databases are securely stored and archived for disaster recovery purposes .
Petition signatures are only retained in our databases for a 90 day period .
Personal Messages in a members `` SAVE '' folder are retained indefinitely , while the remaining personal messages that have been read but not saved are purged after 2 years .
Photos uploaded for sharing are resized for web display only and original larger images removed .
What are the privacy standards for Care2 's marketplace partners and affiliates
Care2 has entered into affiliate relationships with leading companies in retail and services .
You will find these companies listed on the Care2 Shopping pages .
Care2 visitors who visit these partners from the Care2 web site generate donations from their purchases that in turn support worthy causes .
Care2 does not share your personal information with affiliate programs ; your purchases with them are alone sufficient to generate donations .
Care2 's Privacy Policy does not extend to transactions you may enter into with affiliates or partners .
Care2 partners and third-party Internet sites and services accessible through Care2 have separate , independent privacy and data collection practices .
Care2 has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions .
What else should I know about my privacy
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through e-mail , Care2 Groups , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , by posting personal information online that is publicly accessible , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Furthermore , while we strive to protect your personal information , Care2 can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the Internet , and you do so at your own risk .
In addition , Care2 partners and third-party Internet sites and services accessible through Care2 have separate , independent privacy and data collection practices .
Care2 has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions .
The point ? You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
Also , Care2 uses reputable third parties to serve some of the advertisements that you see on the pages of Care2 .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
What happens if changes are made to the privacy policy
Care2 reserves the right to change the privacy policy but will notify users of such changes through email and/or by posting a notice on the site .
If the change involves the use of a user 's personally identifiable information then the notice to users will contain directions on how users can opt-out of the change .
Electronic Frontier Foundation - a civil liberties organization working to protect your rights on-line .
Electronic Privacy Information Center - established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure .
Care2 Customer Support Care2 attempts to respond to all inquiries within 48 hours .
Care2.com , Inc .
275 Shoreline Drive , Suite 300
Redwood City , CA 94065

Protect Your Privacy and Safety
Effective Date : February 1 , 2013
CareerBuilder , LLC and its subsidiaries and divisions ( collectively , CareerBuilder '' , We '' or Our '' ) has drafted its Privacy Policy to ensure that you can clearly understand our data and security practices and policies as you use CareerBuilder websites and Apps ( the Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Information we collect , how we use the information , with whom we share it , and the choices you can make about our collection , use and disclosure of your Personal Information .
The phrase Personal Information '' refers to information that personally identifies you , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , credit card number or other billing information .
We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of your Personal Information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices .
This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference the Terms and Conditions for the Sites , which apply to this Privacy Policy .
When you visit the Sites or provide us with information , you consent to our use and disclosure of the information we collect or receive as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time without prior notice to reflect changes in our data practices .
We will post a prominent notice on our Sites to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the bottom of the notice when it was most recently updated .
If we make material changes to the policy that will affect previously collected Personal Information , you will be notified and asked to consent to the updated Privacy Policy .
Click on one of the links below to jump directly to the listed section :
How We Use the Information We Collect
Cookies and Third-party Advertisers
Update Your Account Information
Links to Other Websites
How We Protect Personal Information
Some Important Tips To Use When Dealing With Prospective Employers
How to Contact Us
We may obtain information about you from various sources , including our Sites , when you call or email us or communicate with us through social media , or when you participate in events , contests or other promotions .
We also may obtain information about you from our parent , affiliate or subsidiary companies , business partners and other third parties and publicly available information .
The types of information we may obtain include :
Your Personal Information , if you choose to provide it or if we obtain it in the manner described above .
You do not have to give us any Personal Information in order to perform job searches or to read the content portions of the Sites .
Username and password for the account you may establish on our Sites .
Payment details ( including payment card number , security code , expiration date , cardholder name and billing address ) if you buy products on our Sites .
Your demographic information ( such as zip or postal code , occupation , education and experience , and if you choose to provide it , age , gender and race or ethnicity ) .
We collect this information either through the registration process , from your resume or in the manner described above .
Job search behavior and preferences , and a record of the searches that you make on our Sites .
We do this in order to present you with job recommendations based on your interests as expressed previously through your searches .
Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties .
We collect information stored in your social media profile that you authorize us to access when you use your social media profile to enact features on the Sites , such as the ability to pre-populate our registration form or a job application , or the ability to see which of your friends have contacts with employers that interest you .
CareerBuilder provides software applications ( Apps '' ) available to the public , as well as Apps that may be purchased by companies for their employee 's internal use in talent management or as a company-specific social networking intranet .
Through the use of these Apps , we may collect your social network data , but will never use nor share non-public social network data that you have restricted through your social network 's privacy settings .
This includes , depending on your friend 's privacy settings , names , locations , and employment histories .
CareerBuilder will collect the contact information of the individuals with whom you have a relationship on the social networking site in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the relevant terms of use associated with that social networking site .
Depending on those individuals ' privacy settings , such information can include their social network site user ID , name , city , state , social network site profile image URL , and employment history , including job titles and company names .
We do not collect information on social media private messages that are not hosted by our App , unless we are a party to the message , such as when a user sends an app invite request .
Users of company-specific CareerBuilder products , such as the intra-net social networking app WorkLife , provide information to update and expand their employee social profiles and company-activity groups , in combination with basic directory information provided by your employer .
In addition , when you visit our Sites or use our mobile applications , we may collect certain information by automated means , such as cookies and web beacons , as described in more detail below .
The information we may collect by automated means includes :
Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet ( such as the IP address and the device , browser and operating system type ) .
Pages and URLs that refer visitors to our Sites , also pages and URLs that visitors exit to once they leave our Sites .
Dates and times of visits to our Sites .
Information on actions taken on our Sites ( such as page views , site navigation patterns and job view or application activity ) .
A general geographic location ( such as country and city ) from which a visitor accesses our Sites .
Search terms that visitors use to reach our Sites .
( Return to Top )
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we obtain about you to :
Register , manage and maintain your account on the Sites .
Provide products or services you request .
Process , validate and deliver your purchases ( including by processing payment card transactions and contacting you about your orders , including by telephone ) .
Maintain a record of the jobs you view or apply to on our Sites .
Inform you of relevant job postings that may be of interest to you .
Provide administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Sites .
Respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support .
Contact you and deliver information to you that , in some cases , is targeted to your interests ( such as relevant services , educational or other career development opportunities ) ; enable you to communicate with us through our blogs , social networks and other interactive media ; and solicit your feedback and input .
These communications will contain links for preference management and , where appropriate , unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive further communications .
Manage your participation in our events and other promotions , where you have signed up for such events and promotions .
Operate , evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer .
Analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies ( including by identifying when emails we have sent to you have been received and read ) .
Analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors ' use of our Sites , mobile applications and social media assets , and the jobs viewed or applied to on our Sites .
Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure , including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users .
Enforce our Sites ' Terms and Conditions .
Comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies .
We also use non-personally identifiable information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Sites ( including your internet protocol address ) in order to operate , maintain and manage the Sites .
We collect this information by automated means , such as cookies and web beacons , as described in more detail below .
If we seek to use the information we obtain about you in other ways , we will provide specific notice and request your consent at the time of collection .
( Return to Top )
When you apply for a job through the Sites or publicly post your resume to our resume database , employers will have access to information about you and your potential interest in employment opportunities .
Those employers may use your information to contact you directly .
Additionally , when you apply for a job through the Sites , the information supplied by you becomes part of the CareerBuilder database but also may become part of the employer 's database .
Similarly , if your resume is downloaded by an employer , your resume may become a part of the employer 's database .
In these instances , the use of such information by the employer will be subject to the privacy policy of that company , and we are not responsible for that company 's use of your information .
Additionally , we may combine certain non-personally identifiable aggregate data about our users and use such anonymous aggregate data to prepare reports for our users ( typically employers or educators ) .
Aggregate Data '' is the demographic information ( such as zip code , age , gender , race or ethnicity ) and employment information ( such as occupation , education and experience ) of many individuals that is combined together .
Aggregate data is used to analyze the characteristics of various populations and does not identify any specific individuals .
For example , an employer may purchase a report from CareerBuilder that states the number of accountants with at least five year 's experience that live within a certain geographic area .
All such reports sold only contain aggregate data which can not be used to identify any individuals .
Similarly , we will not share any non-public social network page content with employers , potential employers or others through your use of NetworkEffect .
Information and communications on company-specific CareerBuilder products , such as the intra-net social networking app WorkLife , is accessible by your employer even where sub-group membership may be limited to employees with similar interests or employment duties .
Information , communications and activities on the intra-net social networking app will also be subject to your employer 's internal policies and code of conduct in addition to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
Other than instances where users opt to publicly post their Personal Information to our resume database , provide it via a job application , include it in a job posting or otherwise provide permission to share it , we do not sell our users ' Personal Information to anyone for any reason .
When posting jobs and resumes , our users decide for themselves how much contact information they wish to display .
All users should be aware , however , that when they choose to display or distribute Personal Information ( such as their email address or other contact information on a public resume ) via the Sites or any other distribution method , that information can be collected and used by others .
This may result in unsolicited messages , for which CareerBuilder is not responsible , from third parties .
Where you have provided Personal Information on a Site that is hosted ' or co-branded ' by another company then that information will be made available to both CareerBuilder and the hosting/co-branding company .
CareerBuilder is not responsible for what the hosting/co-branding company , or any third party with whom you may share your Personal Information , subsequently does with your information .
You should review the privacy policy of the hosting/co-branding company to ensure that you are comfortable with how it intends to use and disclose your information .
We also may share Personal Information with our service providers who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you .
These service providers may only use or disclose the information as necessary to perform services on our behalf or as otherwise required by law .
CareerBuilder also may disclose specific user information when we determine , in good faith , that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law , to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement , to prevent a crime or protect national security , or to protect the interests or safety of CareerBuilder or other users of the Sites .
In addition , Personal Information we have collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy or other corporate reorganization of CareerBuilder .
( Return to Top )
Posting your resume on the Sites puts you in front of thousands of employers with open positions each day .
When you post your resume , we automatically create a registration for you using the email address and password that you supply .
When you return to the Sites in the future you will use that same email address and password to access and edit your existing resume .
We know that our job seekers have varying levels of comfort when it comes to posting their resume on the Internet .
To accommodate the needs of all users , CareerBuilder has 2 levels of resume privacy from which you can choose .
Please note that these privacy settings only apply to whether or not your resume can be viewed by third parties .
CareerBuilder will still collect , use or disclose anonymous , aggregated information about you and your visits to our website in the manner described in this Privacy Policy .
This option gives you the most visibility to the broadest employer audience possible by making your resume searchable in our resume database .
If you select this option , any registered employer user who purchases access to the database can view your resume and contact details ( to the extent you include them in your resume ) .
Private Posting For Apply Online Only
This option allows you to post your resume on the Sites without having it searchable by or viewable to employers .
The benefit is that you can quickly and easily apply for jobs without retyping your information , and you provide your resume only to those employers you are specifically interested in .
We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers , recruiters , hiring managers , headhunters and human resource professionals , but can not guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database .
We can not control the use of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database .
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time .
However , employers , recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database , as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases .
We can not control the retention , use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties .
Accordingly , you should not put information you would not want made public in your resume .
( Return to Top )
About Cookies and Third Party Advertisers
A cookie '' is a text file that websites send to a visitors computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor 's browser or to store information or settings in the browser .
A web beacon , '' is also called a Web bug or a pixel tag or a clear GIF .
Used in combination with cookies , a Web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image , usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel , that is placed on a Web site or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Web site or sending the e-mail .
CareerBuilder uses cookies and other similar technologies for the convenience of our users .
Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our users without asking them to sign in repeatedly .
CareerBuilder also uses cookies to store non-personally identifying information about you such as past jobs viewed and job searches conducted by your computer in a cookie that it places on your computer .
We do this in order to present you with job recommendations based on your interests as expressed previously through your searches .
Lastly , CareerBuilder uses cookies to ensure the proper functioning and efficiency of our Sites .
Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
Please be aware , however , that some CareerBuilder features or services may not function properly without cookies .
CareerBuilder permits third party cookies on its Sites .
For example , third party tools located on the Sites , including those that allow for social media sharing , may use cookies to remember user preference settings .
CareerBuilder also uses web analytics services provided by third parties , which use cookies to collect non-personal information about details of our users ' visits to the Sites ( including IP addresses ) and the resources they access on the Sites .
These third party web analytics services provide us with reports based on this information in order to help us understand how visitors engage with the Sites .
We use third-party advertising companies who may place or access cookies on your computer hard drive to distinguish your web browser uniquely and to keep track of information relating to serving ads on your web browser , such as the type of ads shown and the webs pages on which the ads appeared .
These companies may use information about your visits to these Sites and to other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on our Sites or on other , third party , sites .
We also may give third party advertisers the ability to tailor their advertisements on our Sites using demographic and preference information we provide to them in aggregate form .
This information does not identify you individually .
These companies operate under their own privacy policies and CareerBuilder encourages you to be aware of the privacy policies of such companies .
CareerBuilder does not have control over or access to any information contained in the cookies that are set on your computer by third party advertisers .
To help prevent and limit the automatic collection of information by any participating third party advertisers , you may opt-out of such collection by clicking the Ad Choices icon located within the ad , by accessing the about ads '' opt-out site , or by accessing the NAI opt-out site .
Please note that this opt-out is cookie-based .
If you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
To obtain instructions regarding deleting or disabling cookies from third party advertising companies that are not members of the About Ads or NAI self-regulatory behavioral ad opt-out groups , please click here .
In addition , some of the employers that use our Sites may place cookies on your computer through their job postings and may use such cookies to distinguish your web browser uniquely .
Often , employers use such information to track the effectiveness of their job postings by measuring how many users who view their postings later became job applicants .
To obtain guidance regarding deleting or disabling cookies , please click here .
( Return to Top )
Update Your Account Information
You may access , update and amend Personal Information included in your online account at any time by logging into your account and making the necessary changes .
You may also delete your resume from our resume database at any time by logging in to your account and deleting the resume .
Deleting your resume will remove it from your account and from the resume database , however ; if you have applied to a job in the past , that particular employer will still be able to access your resume .
Further , you will not be able to delete data held by third parties , such as prospective employers , that have already accessed and downloaded your information or resume .
( Return to Top )
Links to Other Websites
Our Sites may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information .
These sites may be operated by companies not owned by CareerBuilder .
In addition , if you are using our App through a social networking site , remember that our Apps may be served by or hosted by other sites .
These other sites or linked third-party sites may have their own privacy notices , which you should review if you visit those sites .
We are not responsible for the content of any sites not owned by CareerBuilder , any use of those sites , or those sites ' privacy practices .
( Return to Top )
When we obtain Personal Information about you , we may process and store the information outside of the country in which you are located , including in the United States .
The countries in which we process the information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you are located .
Further , users who access your information , such as potential employers , also may be located in a different country than you and different laws may apply to their use of your information .
CareerBuilder , LLC complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
You may also contact us directly to learn more about this certification .
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , CareerBuilder commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact CareerBuilder at EU complaints .
CareerBuilder has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
( Return to Top )
How We Protect Personal Information
CareerBuilder maintains administrative , technical and physical safeguards designed to assist us in protecting the Personal Information we collect against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use .
Please note that no electronic transmission of information can be entirely secure .
We can not guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail , or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective .
Therefore , although we are committed to protecting your privacy , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your Personal Information will always remain private .
As a user of the Sites , you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Sites , the internet generally , and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Sites .
To further protect yourself , you should safeguard your CareerBuilder account user name and password and not share that information with anyone .
You should also sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Sites .
Please note that we will never ask for your CareerBuilder account user name or password via email .
( Return to Top )
Some Important Tips To Use When Dealing With Prospective Employers
You should use your own careful judgment about whether and what information to provide prospective employers .
DO NOT PUT SENSITIVE INFORMATION , SUCH AS YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER , ON YOUR RESUME .
CareerBuilder 's Sites are open to the public , and we can not guarantee that all users of our services have a legitimate need to the information they seek .
Do not provide your social security number , national identification number or any state , provincial or other local identification number to a prospective employer via online application .
Identity thieves may attempt to trick you into providing sensitive information .
Do not provide any non-work related personal information ( i.e. , your social security number or any other state or national identification number , eye color , marital status , etc . ) over the phone or online .
Job seekers should never provide credit card or bank numbers or engage in a monetary transaction of any sort .
Be cautious when dealing with contacts outside of your own country .
For additional details regarding How To Spot Fraud Online , please click here .
We use secure socket layer ( or SSL '' ) technology to protect credit card transactions .
The SSL technology encrypts credit card numbers while in transit so that they are not intercepted by unintended third parties .
We use BluePay Processing LLC to process credit card purchases and their privacy policy may be viewed here .
( Return to Top )
California , USA Residents
California law permits its residents to request and receive information about a business ' disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information to other companies for their use in direct marketing .
Please include your name and email address in email requests , and your name and postal address in mail requests .
( Return to Top )
We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , please do not use the Sites .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
( Return to Top )
How to Contact Us
Please include your name and email address in email requests , and your name and postal address in mail requests .
( Return to Top )

At CARFAX , we are committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Statement applies to CARFAX.com and myCARFAX.com and the CARFAX and myCARFAX mobile device applications intended for use by consumers ( collectively , '' CARFAX web sites '' ) and governs all data collection and usage through these CARFAX web sites .
By using CARFAX web sites , you signify your consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Statement and agree that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms of Use for the applicable CARFAX web sites , including without limitation , the terms regarding limitations on CARFAX 's liabilities and application of the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia .
You should check this Privacy Statement frequently for any changes .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Statement , please contact us by visiting our Help Center or writing to us ( please include your name , mailing address and email address with your inquiry ) :
CARFAX , Inc .
Centreville , VA 20120
Protecting the privacy of children
CARFAX web sites are not directed at children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide any personally identifying information .
If you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself .
Use of the information
Protection of the information
Disclosure the information to third parties
How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails
Updates to this Privacy Statement
CARFAX will collect your name , mailing address , email address , and payment card information when you purchase CARFAX Vehicle History Reports ( `` CARFAX Reports '' ) .
For services offered at no cost to you , such as myCARFAX and Hot Listings , CARFAX may require you to provide an email address .
CARFAX may also require a Vehicle Identification Number ( VIN ) or license plate information to provide the relevant vehicle history information .
CARFAX also allows you to ( 1 ) enter information regarding your vehicle when you use myCARFAX , and ( 2 ) share feedback related to third party products or services and submit other content or materials through public postings on CARFAX web sites .
Please be aware that if you disclose personally identifiable information or other sensitive information through public postings on CARFAX web sites the information will be viewable by others .
CARFAX web sites may contain web beacons to collect data regarding user traffic patterns .
CARFAX web sites use cookies to collect information about your computer hardware ( desktop , laptop , mobile devices etc . ) and software , including without limitation , referring domains , the type of browser used , operating system software , screen resolutions , color capabilities , IP addresses and plug-ins .
We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on the number of visits , paths taken , time spent on CARFAX web sites , how visitors use and navigate through the CARFAX web site ( examples include , the number of users who visit various pages within the CARFAX web sites , information accessed by such visitors , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages or complete any forms ) , and other anonymous information that you may submit in the course of searching for vehicles such as zip code and/or type of vehicle viewed .
We use this information to improve the CARFAX web sites and learn about users , and may disclose it to our affiliates or to third parties .
We may include web beacons in some of our email communications to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns .
If you choose to participate in CARFAX surveys while on CARFAX web sites you may be asked to provide other anonymous demographic information such as zip code , age , gender , preferences and interests .
Use of the information
CARFAX uses the information you provide to deliver services requested by you .
You may also receive emails from CARFAX offering additional CARFAX products and services and other special offers and promotions related to the used car buying and ownership process .
Information related to your vehicle that you submit through myCARFAX may be included in the vehicle history information for that vehicle .
We use information collected through cookies and web beacons to analyze usage and deliver customized content and advertising and uncover ways in which we can improve CARFAX web sites and make them easier to use .
Information provided by visitors to the CARFAX web sites who choose to complete user surveys helps us better understand how visitors to the CARFAX web sites are using CARFAX information and develop better products and services for you .
CARFAX occasionally appends data collected through CARFAX web sites with third party data to effectively plan customer communications and marketing campaigns and analyze how the CARFAX web sites are used .
Protection of the information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards against unauthorized access to the information CARFAX collects .
For example , when you complete the CARFAX Report order form , all information you enter is encrypted via a secure sockets layer ( SSL ) before it is sent over the Internet to our secure servers and/or credit card processor , as applicable .
We do not retain the full payment card account number submitted in the process of purchasing a CARFAX Report in our systems , but we may store partial payment card number for up to six months for our reference .
To protect against unauthorized access to your account , we recommend that you protect your password , log out of your account and close your browser after each use .
Disclosure of the information to third parties
CARFAX does not sell , trade , rent , or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information to others , except : ( i ) as provided in this Privacy Statement , ( ii ) to defend against legal claims or otherwise protect our rights , ( ii ) as required by law , judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on CARFAX , ( iv ) for purposes of law enforcement investigations , and/or ( v ) with your consent .
CARFAX may share with third parties , including other users and vendors : ( 1 ) information you submit regarding your vehicle through myCARFAX , ( 2 ) your feedback regarding third party products or services and ( 3 ) any other content or materials you submit through public posting on any CARFAX web site .
We may share non-personal , anonymous , statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our advertisers , service providers or other third parties .
CARFAX uses third party service providers to perform various functions such as processing credit card transactions , analyzing data , serving advertisements and providing marketing assistance .
All service providers are contractually required to treat personally identifiable information as confidential .
CARFAX may include links in the CARFAX web sites and in emails to third party web sites whose privacy policies we do not control .
Similarly , you may access CARFAX web sites through links on third party web sites .
By entering CARFAX web sites through a third party web site you may be allowing such third party 's web site to view any information you provide to CARFAX .
CARFAX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party web sites .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any web sites through which you access CARFAX web sites or which you access through CARFAX web sites or emails to better understand such third party web sites ' data collection and use practices .
How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails
You may update or change the information pertaining to your account by contacting CARFAX by clicking here .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from CARFAX when you complete the CARFAX Report order form , or you may unsubscribe at any time by using the link included on all marketing emails .
To unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from CARFAX you can unsubscribe here .
If you choose to opt out of receiving promotional emails , you will only receive emails in connection with the CARFAX services to which you have subscribed .
To opt out of receiving targeted content and advertisements on CARFAX web sites you can change your browser options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from any web site .
You will be able to access and use CARFAX web sites with cookies disabled , but the user experience may not be customized to your interests and needs .
Updates to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time .
Any changes to the Privacy Statement will be posted here .
If the changes are significant , we will provide you additional , prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances .

This website ( the `` Site '' ) is operated by Cars.com , a division of Classified Ventures , LLC ( `` Cars.com '' ) .
This Privacy Statement ( the `` Statement '' ) describes Cars.com 's collection , use and disclosure of information practices in connection with the Site .
For example , you may have arrived at a co-branded version of the Site from an Affiliate 's website , in which case , that Affiliate will be clearly identified at the top of the home page of this Site .
In this Statement , Cars.com refers to those versions of the Site as `` Affiliate Versions . ''
Please be aware that Cars.com may share any information you submit through this Site with Affiliates , as described below .
During your visit to any Affiliate Version , the Affiliate may independently collect other information from you .
For purposes of clarification , this Statement also describes Cars.com 's collection , use , and disclosure practices with respect to any personally identifiable information and Usage Data ( as defined below ) that is provided to Cars.com by any of its third-party distribution partners that display Cars.com vehicle listings .
This Statement does not describe Cars.com 's collection , use and disclosure of information through means other than this Site ( e.g. , off-line ) or the collection , use and disclosure practices of any Affiliate or other third parties .
For information on a third party 's information collection , use and disclosure practices , please review the privacy policy on the applicable third party 's website .
Also , please note that this Site contains links to other websites .
Cars.com is not responsible for the websites , content or privacy practices of any third party .
By using this Site , you acknowledge that you have read this Statement and agree that you are subject to the Cars.com Terms of Service .
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
You are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to visit the Site .
Cars.com automatically collects Usage Data ( as described below ) and may collect ZIP codes and other information in connection with your use of the Site ( e.g. , the type of car you are looking for ) .
Cars.com collects personally identifiable information only when you make it available through your use of the Site .
You may be required to provide personally identifiable information to use certain services on this Site , including , but not limited to , the `` Email the Dealer/Seller '' feature and to purchase and create a `` Sell It Yourself '' online classified listing ( `` SIY Ad '' ) and account ( `` SIY Account '' ) .
In addition , you may submit personally identifiable information through the Site in other ways , including : ( a ) participating in online surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes ; ( b ) subscribing to newsletters , editorial content , or promotional content sent via email , ( c ) using the Site 's `` Feedback '' and `` More Information '' forms ; and ( d ) in connection with other products , services , features , or requests made available through the Site .
We also publish toll-free phone numbers for many of the dealerships that list vehicles for sale on the Site .
If you dial one of these phone numbers , Cars.com or a service provider operating on Cars.com 's behalf may record the date , time and length of your call and the phone number from which the call originated , along with other information that may be captured .
Any Usage Data ( as defined in the next section ) and/or personally identifiable information resulting from such calls may be used as described in this Statement .
The types of personally identifiable information that you provide will depend on the nature of the submission , but could include your name , address , phone number , email address and credit card information .
In the event that you purchase a SIY Ad in a print/online package through a newspaper Affiliate , the Affiliate is required to share your name , phone number and email address with Cars.com in order to allow Cars.com to process and maintain your ad .
The Site automatically collects information and may also customize your visit through technical means , including the following :
Cookies : Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer 's hard drive by computers ( or servers ) to identify your computer .
Web Beacons : Web beacons ( also known as pixel tags , internet tags , clear GIFs , or single-pixel GIFs ) are electronic images embedded into a webpage .
IP Address Logs : Cars.com also logs Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses - the location of your computer on the internet .
Cookies allow Cars.com to recognize you when you visit the Site , to personalize your experience and generally to serve you better .
For example , if you enter your name , address or ZIP code on one of the Site 's forms , it may be stored in a cookie so you do not have to enter it again on other forms on the Site .
Cookies and web beacons can tell us what advertising you have seen on the Site , which allows Cars.com to offer you a more diverse selection of advertising information and may also be used together to measure the effectiveness of Cars.com advertising campaigns .
Cookies , web beacons and IP addresses are also used to compile data regarding Site usage ( e.g. , what website you came from , what pages of the Site you visit , how long you were on the Site , what type of browser you are using , what website you went to ) .
Web beacons may also be included in emails sent by Cars.com to determine when and if such emails are opened or forwarded .
You can disable cookies or otherwise manage them through tools provided with your browser software and with third-party software packages .
If you turn off cookies , many of the Site 's features will not work as well or at all .
Anonymous information regarding use of our Site and services that is collected and/or aggregated by or on behalf of Cars.com through the use of such technical means or otherwise is referred to in this Statement as `` Usage Data . ''
Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally identifiable information collected by Cars.com through your use of the Site may be stored on servers or in a cookie on your computer and may be used by Cars.com for any of the following purposes :
To confirm or fulfill a request that you make ( e.g. , in order to send you a price quote or other information you have requested , Cars.com may share your contact information with a participating Cars.com dealer and/or manufacturer ) .
To follow up on any request that you have previously made ( e.g. , Cars.com may contact you to determine whether the dealer and/or manufacturer responded to your original request ) .
To communicate with you regarding the Cars.com service ( e.g. , Cars.com may send you emails or call you to confirm a price quote request or to notify you that you have received a lead regarding a vehicle you have advertised or to request that you participate in a survey ) .
To send promotional materials , newsletters or other content via email or otherwise .
If you no longer wish to receive a particular email newsletter or other promotion from Cars.com , you must follow the opt-out instructions included in such email newsletters and promotions .
To permit third parties ( to whom Cars.com may disclose personally identifiable information specifically for direct marketing purposes ) to send you promotional or informational messages , but only if you have first affirmatively agreed to receive such messages .
To improve your user experience .
To manage Cars.com 's business and its relationships with Affiliates , customers , and other third parties to which Cars.com may disclose personally identifiable information pursuant to this Statement .
For Site administration , analysis , research , development , optimization and other internal purposes , including , without limitation , to compile Usage Data .
Usage Data : Usage Data is used by Cars.com for administrative , analytical , research , optimization and other purposes .
For example , Cars.com may use statistical analyses of Usage Data in order to measure interest in the various areas of the Site , for development purposes and to inform advertisers and partners in aggregate and anonymous terms about consumers who click on their advertising or other messages .
IP addresses are also used for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
With respect to promotional materials and newsletters that Cars.com may send from time to time , Cars.com will not continue to send you such communications if you ask us not to , as described below in the Section entitled `` Accessing , Changing or Deactivating Information Collected by Cars.com . ''
However , you agree that Cars.com may send to you , and you can not opt out of , communications of a transactional or relationship nature , including , but not limited to , communications regarding fraudulent or illegal activity , the status of your SIY Account , changes to this Statement or the Cars.com Terms of Service , as well as communications to confirm , fulfill and follow up on your SIY Account registration or a request submitted through the Site .
Cars.com may share personally identifiable information that you provide with third parties in the following cases :
Cars.com may share your personally identifiable information with Affiliates on the condition that the Affiliates ' disclosure and use of the information is consistent with this Statement .
If you request information or services through the Site , you agree that Cars.com may share personally identifiable information with third parties as may be necessary to provide such information to or perform such services for you .
For example , if you use the Site 's `` Email the Dealer '' form in a vehicle listing to request a price quote from a dealership , Cars.com will share the information you entered with that dealership ( or its designee ) .
If that vehicle listing was provided by an automobile manufacturer on behalf of a dealer , Cars.com may also share the personally identifiable information you submit as part of the request with the automobile manufacturer and/or its affiliates .
Similarly , if through the Site you request additional information from a financial institution , Cars.com will share your information with that institution .
Personally identifiable information also may be included in reports to these third parties , but only when you have intended to submit the information to the third party as described above .
After the information is provided to such third parties , the subsequent use or disclosure of such information is subject to those third parties ' privacy policies and practices and Cars.com does not control their subsequent use or disclosure of information .
In the event that you participate in a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion on the Site that is sponsored by Cars.com and a third party , Cars.com reserves the right to share personally identifiable information collected in conjunction with the sweepstakes , contest or promotion with the third party .
After the information is provided to such third parties , the subsequent use or disclosure of such information is subject to those third parties ' privacy policies and practices .
Except as provided herein , it is Cars.com 's policy not to disclose personally identifiable information of our customers to third parties specifically for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are 18 years of age or older and have affirmatively agreed to receive third-party direct marketing materials , Cars.com may share personally identifiable information with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
Although Cars.com will notify all third-party direct marketers that the information provided to them is confidential , the subsequent use or disclosure of such information is subject to those third parties ' privacy policies and practices .
Cars.com may work with third parties that provide services on its behalf , including , among others , providers of analytical , development , promotional , research , credit card processing , technical and other services .
For example , Cars.com may ask that a third party conduct an online survey or sweepstakes or send newsletters on its behalf .
Similarly , if you make a payment to Cars.com by credit card , Cars.com may share your personally identifiable information and credit card information with a third party in order to process credit card transactions , or such information may be collected directly by the credit card processing service provider on Cars.com 's behalf .
In such cases , Cars.com asks that the third party maintain your personally identifiable information as confidential and use the information only to perform the services specified by Cars.com .
6.Email List Opt-Outs .
In the event Cars.com sends promotional emails to you on behalf of third-party advertisers and you inform Cars.com you wish to opt out of future promotional emails from a particular third party , Cars.com may share your email address with that third party so the third party may add you to its opt-out lists .
Cars.com expressly reserves the right to release any personally identifiable information or other information you provide to third parties under the following circumstances : ( a ) when required by law or legal process , ( b ) to investigate and/or take action against illegal activity , suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Site , ( c ) to protect the property or safety of our users or others , ( d ) to enforce our Terms of Service and ( e ) in connection with any sale or other transfer of ownership of all or a part of Cars.com .
Further , if you make any personally identifiable information publicly available on the Site , Cars.com reserves the right to disclose such information to third parties , including , without limitation , insurance companies and Cars.com 's Affiliates and third-party distribution partners .
Please note that the messages that Cars.com sends to you to confirm , fulfill or follow up on a request may incidentally include promotional material or other content from Cars.com or its partners .
In the case of these messages , Cars.com is not sharing your personally identifiable information with those third parties .
Cars.com reserves the right to share Usage Data with any third party for any reason .
When purchasing an SIY Ad , it is important to note that any information you choose to include in an SIY Ad may be made publicly available via the Site and other media in which Cars.com vehicle listings are published , including third-party Web sites and print publications .
You are required to include at least your phone number and , optionally , an email address to allow users to contact you regarding your SIY Ad .
As such , you may receive unsolicited phone calls and emails from third parties .
Except for required information , you should not include any contact or other information in an SIY Ad that you do not want other parties to see or use .
Cars.com also may offer message boards , bulletin boards , chat rooms , comments areas or other forums ( `` Forums '' ) on the Site for use by visitors who are 18 years of age or older .
Any information you disclose when posting a message in these Forums may become public .
You should not include any information in your posting that you do not want other parties to see or use .
Moreover , if you post any messages in the Forums that include your email address or phone number you may receive unsolicited emails or calls from third parties .
The Site offers you the ability to email certain pages of the Site to a friend or other third party .
If you choose to use the `` Email a Page '' functionality , your name , email address and any message you are allowed to include will be visible to the recipient of the email .
The `` Email a Page '' functionality is for informational purposes only and may not be used for any unlawful purpose , including any harassment or threats .
Information collected by Cars.com through the `` Email a Page '' functionality shall be used in accordance with this Statement .
Changes to this Statement
Any changes to this Statement will be posted on the Site in this location and this Statement will be identified as `` Updated '' .
Your continued use of the Site after such notice constitutes acceptance of such changes .
In the event of such changes , you can then choose to do nothing , modify the personally identifiable information in your SIY Account , change your email preferences or deactivate your SIY Account .
Your personally identifiable information is one of our most valuable assets .
We take steps to keep it physically secure in our data centers and it is accessible only to authorized personnel as needed to perform operations governed by this policy .
In addition , when Cars.com collects credit card information from you , Cars.com uses Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption , the industry standard for protecting privacy in web transactions .
Please keep in mind that despite these measures , Cars.com can not guarantee or warrant 100 percent security of its servers and databases .
Moreover , Cars.com can not guarantee that personally identifiable information that you submit through the Site will not be intercepted or otherwise disclosed .
Cars.com believes that it is especially important to protect children 's privacy online .
Cars.com does not knowingly collect or use any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and Cars.com does not knowingly provide any personally identifiable information , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever from visitors younger than 13 years old .
No information should be submitted to or posted at Cars.com by visitors younger than 13 years old .
This Site contains links to other sites .
While Cars.com encourages our business partners to adopt privacy policies that build users ' trust and confidence in the internet , Cars.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites linked to the Site or any third-party products or services offered through the Site .
Collection of Information by Third Parties
As noted above , Affiliates and other third parties may collect information about you and your use of the Site through the use of cookies , web beacons and other similar technologies .
For example , we work with companies that collect statistical information regarding Site usage and provide related analytical services .
We may work with third-party advertising companies that use cookies and web beacons to serve advertisements when you come to the Site and to generate statistics and metrics related to the delivery of such advertisements .
We also may work with third-party advertising networks that use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to and interactions with this Site and other websites in order to provide targeted advertisements to you across their networks of websites ( which may or may not include this Site ) .
These third parties also may use this information for determining or predicting the characteristics and preferences of their respective advertising audiences , for measuring the effectiveness of their advertising and for other purposes .
If you would like more information about the information collection practices of some of these third-party advertising companies and learn which of these companies allow you to opt out of this type of information collection , please click here .
2013 Classified Ventures , LLC , 175 West Jackson , Suite 800 , Chicago , IL 60604
Last updated on 6/14/12

Our visitors ' privacy is important to us at Cartoon Network , ( `` we , '' `` us , '' `` our '' ) , a division of Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( `` Turner '' ) .
We are providing this summary of our information practices ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) because we are committed to helping our visitors understand what information is collected on our websites , online services , and mobile applications ( `` Site '' or `` Sites '' ) and how they may control this information while exploring our Sites .
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices on any Sites that we operate and that link to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy may be subject to separate or additional privacy notices presented at the point of data collection .
Although children under 13 may visit our Sites , some portions of the Sites may be directed at teens , parents or other adults and collect information only from these older visitors .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information and Account Registration .
Some of our online and mobile activities , such as polls , sweepstakes and promotions , may ask for an e-mail address and possibly a first name so that we may respond to visitors ' requests .
Other activities may require account registration , which may request information such as a screen name , password , e-mail address , age , avatar preferences , interests , and other profile information .
Email addresses collected for account registration of children under 13 years old are used to confirm the creation of an account and are stored in a `` hashed '' or protected format that does n't identify the individual to help with account maintenance , such as retrieving a lost password .
Some areas of our Sites include community and enhanced interactive features , such as forums , blogs , and virtual worlds where visitors can select an avatar , post comments , chat with friends , play games , and earn rewards .
These areas of the Sites allow children under 13 to select only pre-populated phrases or otherwise use tools or processes to filter and monitor chat messages and posts submitted by the child .
If these tools detect that a child is trying to post personal information online , we will take reasonable measures to delete this personal information from the child 's postings before they are made public .
Other areas of our Sites allow visitors to contact us or tell a friend about our Sites .
These areas may request personal information about the visitor or other people , such as the e-mail address of the recipient .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to respond to the visitor 's request and are deleted from our system once the message is sent .
Device and Usage Information Collected Through Cookies and Similar Online Technologies .
We , our service providers , and third parties collect certain information automatically when visitors use our Sites , such as the type of computer or mobile operating system ( e.g. , Windows or Mac ) and browser ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , mobile Internet browser ) used to access our Sites , mobile carrier , domain name of the Internet service provider ( e.g. , AT & T , Earthlink ) , certain identifiers such as unique device identifier , IP address , and mobile device IP address , and usage information ( such as page requests , email open rates , average time spent , video or game player settings , achievements , activities and content viewed on our Sites ) .
We , our service providers , or third parties may use cookies or similar online technologies to collect this information and enhance our visitors ' online experience .
For example , we place cookies on a visitor 's computer browser or device when they visit our Site so we can store their preferences and analyze their use of the Site , such as how many times someone visits our Sites and various sections of those Sites .
For more information about cookies and how browser settings can be changed to reject them , visitors should check their browser 's Help menu or settings .
Some of our Sites may use locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) for Adobe 's Flash player and similar applications in order to provide certain content , such as video on demand , video clips , or animation .
This technology may also remember settings , such as screen size or font selection .
Flash cookies are not managed through a visitor 's web browser , but Flash management tools can be accessed from Adobe 's website .
We , our service providers , and third parties also may use clear gifs ( or `` web beacons '' ) , images , or scripts to collect data , such as the number of visitors to a web page or app , or to deliver a cookie or other content to a visitor 's browser or device .
If a visitor decides not to accept cookies and similar online technologies from our Sites , that visitor may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Site .
By using the Sites without rejecting cookies and similar online technologies , visitors consent to our use of such technologies to collect and process information .
At this time , our Sites do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include `` do not track '' instructions .
Parents , Guardians , Adults and Teens .
For certain activities , such as community features where visitors can post comments and chat with others , we may ask for the e-mail address of a parent or guardian of a child under 13 or take other actions so that we can let the parent or guardian know about the child 's participation in the activity or ask for the parent or guardian 's permission for the child to participate in that activity .
On certain Sites or portions of a Site with activities directed to an older audience , we may collect additional information from some visitors such as a full name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , or other information related to the activity such as their cable , satellite provider or school affiliation .
Similarly , certain Sites or portions of a Site may permit some visitors to share content via social media accounts , to interact with a social media plugin or to log on via other third party platform accounts such as those available through Apple 's Game Center or Facebook .
When a visitor uses such social media platforms and plugins , some social media account information may be shared with us , such as a user name .
Purchases and Transactions .
We may offer parents and other adult visitors the opportunity to make purchases , including items such as merchandise or gifts for friends or family , online games , virtual items and currency for use within our Sites and online games , or to enable participation in certain interactive features .
In such cases , we may require the parent or adult to provide a full name , billing and mailing addresses , e-mail address , telephone number , and a credit card number .
We sometimes may solicit additional voluntary information regarding shoppers ' personal shopping preferences .
Visitors may choose to receive push notifications from a mobile app .
Visitors can manage their push notification preferences at any time by adjusting the settings for the app on their mobile device .
HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITE
In addition to providing our products , programs , and services , we use visitors ' information to fulfill their transactions and respond to their requests for content and information , such as enabling them to enter our sweepstakes or contests , to express their opinions on various topics , to play games and communicate with their friends , and to offer other features , products , programs , and services that we believe may be of interest .
We also use the information we collect to support our internal operations , including personalizing content and experiences for visitors , authenticating visitors , improving and personalizing the design and content of our Sites , analyzing Site usage , and serving contextual advertising .
We may use the information we collect to prevent potentially illegal or offensive activities or to enforce our rights or the rights of other visitors or third parties .
We also may use the information for any other purposes disclosed to visitors at the time we collect their information or according to their consent .
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITES
We sometimes use agents , contractors , or other service providers to provide services on our behalf to our visitors , such as providing visitors with virtual currency or items they may have purchased , redeeming the currency for virtual items or products , sending merchandise that visitors have ordered , or helping us administer and fulfill prizes for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes .
In these cases , we require service providers to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information .
We may also use reputable third parties and service providers for activities in support of internal operations , such as to perform analytics or to serve contextual advertisements .
Co-Branded Sites and Promotions .
Some of our Sites , or portions of our Sites , may be provided with a sponsor or by one or more of our business partners who may also collect or have access to visitors ' personal information .
If this is the case , we will provide a notice at the point where the personal information is collected on the Site or upon download of the mobile app .
We may share visitors ' information with our parent company and other Turner-affiliated companies .
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites , services , content , and applications whose information practices may be different from ours .
Following these links may allow the user to go to or interact with third party websites , services , content , and applications that may offer content or games , or conduct contests or sweepstakes that are separate from our Sites .
We are not responsible for the practices of these third parties , and we recommend that visitors review their privacy policies .
Interactive Features for Teens and Adults .
When teen or adult visitors use social media platforms and third-party plugins on our Sites , the third parties who provide those features may be able to collect and use information about the visitor and activity on our Sites , including notifying the visitor 's connections on the social media platform , in accordance with their own privacy policies .
We recommend that visitors review these third-party privacy policies for more information about their information practices .
Legal Process , Law Enforcement , and Corporate Transactions .
We and our agents , contractors , and service providers may disclose information we maintain when required to do so by applicable US or other law , for example , in response to a court order , subpoena , legal process , or other claim or inquiry .
We also may disclose such information in response to a US or other law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the rights , property , or safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , and to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Sites and applicable laws , or as otherwise required or permitted by US or other law or legal requirements .
In addition , we may transfer visitors ' information in connection with a corporate transaction , such as the sale of a Site , a merger or acquisition , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
We may disclose visitors ' information for any other purposes with appropriate consent or at their direction .
We operate globally , so it may be necessary to transfer information we collect internationally .
In particular , the information provided likely will be transferred to and processed in the United States by us , our agents or contractors .
Our privacy practices are guided by data privacy laws in the United States .
The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in the visitor 's country of residence .
By using the Sites , visitors consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of their information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other privacy notice provided at the time the information is collected .
OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
We maintain procedures intended to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the personal information we collect .
Personal information collected at the Sites will not be stored for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or at the time the information is collected or for the purposes of complying with our legal obligations , resolving disputes , enforcing our agreements , and responding to visitor requests .
CHOICES ; QUESTIONS ; CONTACT US
Visitors , parents or guardians with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or who would like to review or update personal information collected on our Sites , have it deleted , or request that there be no further collection , use , or disclosure of this personal information can contact us using the information below .
Cartoon Interactive Group , Inc. a division of Turner Broadcasting System , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Manager - Cartoon Network
1050 Techwood Drive - 1000 Bldg - Third Floor
Atlanta , GA 30318
If a Site visitor , parent or guardian no longer wishes to have information collected by an application installed on their mobile device , they may uninstall the application by using the standard uninstall processes available on the mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
From time to time , we may update this Privacy Policy .
We will notify Site visitors about significant changes to our privacy practices by placing a notice on the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted .
We encourage visitors to check back frequently to review this Privacy Policy to understand our current privacy practices .
Date Updated : December 23 , 2013

Cathay Pacific Customer Privacy Policy
This Cathay Pacific Customer Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) discloses how Cathay Pacific Airways Limited ( Cathay Pacific , us or we ) collects , stores and handles the Personal Data of its customers ( Cathay Pacific airline passengers , users of Cathay Pacific mobile services , users of Cathay Pacific freight services , and visitors to the cathaypacific.com website .
Cathay Pacific also offers the Marco Polo Club and the Asia Miles program .
However , both of these programs have their own privacy policies , and your submission of any personal information as part either of these programs is subject to the particular program 's Privacy Policy .
For more information about any of these programs , click the links above .
Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how Cathay Pacific uses the Personal Data we may collect from you .
By providing your Personal Data to us , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy and the collection , use , access , transfer , storage and processing of your personal information as described in this Policy .
Our Commitment to Protect Your Privacy
At Cathay Pacific , we are committed to protecting your personal and data privacy .
To ensure that you can make informed decisions and feel confident about supplying your Personal Data ( as defined below ) to us when using our website , mobile and other services , we provide this notice outlining our practices and the choices you have concerning how your Personal Data is being collected and used by us .
The Personal Data We Collect
We request information from you in several areas of our website , mobile services and other channels that may be used to personally identify you ( Personal Data ) , including but not limited to :
Your personal information such as your name , gender , date of birth , passport or other personally identifiable number and information about your registered status with any of our subsidiaries , associated companies and/or business associates ;
Your contact information such as your telephone numbers , mailing addresses , email addresses , and fax numbers ;
Your credit or debit card information and billing information , including name of cardholder , card number , billing address and expiry date ;
Your business information such as company name , business title and associated contact information ;
Your travel details such as flight information , travel companions ' personal information , destination contact information , seat and meal preferences , flight and hotel preferences , and information related to traveler special needs ;
Your responses to market surveys and contests conducted by us or on our behalf .
Certain Personal Data ( particularly relating to your personal information and contact information ) are required for specific services and if you fail to supply such Personal Data as requested from each specific service , we may be unable to deliver you the services in full .
Purpose for which the Personal Data are Collected and Used
We may use the Personal Data you provided for one or more of the following purposes :
To process and administer your reservation and/or travel services with or through us ;
To process and administer your reservation and/or use of our freight or shipping services ;
For your use of the online services available at any of our websites and/or through other telecommunication channels ;
For the supply of any products and/or services which we may offer to you or you may require from us from time to time including text message ( SMS ) alerts ;
For marketing , promotional and customer relationship management purposes , such as sending you updates on latest offers and promotions in connection with our products and services ( please see Section 10 - `` Notice on Direct Marketing '' for details ) and conducting market research ;
For identification and verification purposes in connection with any of the services or products that may be supplied to you ;
To contact you regarding your enquiries ;
For our frequent flyer and mileage programme ;
To administer contests and sweepstakes conducted by us or on our behalf ;
To disclose to a third party to comply with any law , legal requirements , orders , directions or requests from any court , authority or government body of any jurisdiction , which may be within or outside of Hong Kong ;
To facilitate the payment for products and services provided by us or our subsidiaries , associated companies and/or business associates including verification of credit card details with third parties and using the Personal Data you provide to conduct matching procedures against databases of known fraudulent transactions ( maintained by us or third parties ) .
To improve our security , including in relation to the processing of payment by credit card to guard against the risk of fraud including carrying out matching procedures against databases of known fraudulent transactions ( maintained by us or third parties ) .
To provide other airport and travel related services , such as duty free sales and travel packages .
To process any baggage or loss claims .
For the use of any of our subsidiaries , associate companies and/or business associates in connection with any of the above purposes and/or any other travel related and/or loyalty program related services such companies and associates may be offering to you from time to time .
We may from time to time use aggregate non-identifying information about our customers to better design our website and/or to improve our services and products .
This means we may provide this information to third parties .
However , this information will never identify any single user in particular .
Except as provided below , we will not knowingly or intentionally use or share the Personal Data you provide to use in ways unrelated to the aforementioned purposes without your prior consent .
How to Access or Correct Your Personal Data
You may request access to and correct your Personal Data held by us .
If you wish to obtain a copy of any of your Personal Data , if you believe that the Personal Data relating to you which we collect and maintain is incorrect , or if you believe that the Personal Data held by us was used beyond the scope of the purpose of use disclosed above or was acquired by fraudulent or unlawful means or provided to a third party without your prior consent , please write to us at the address below .
A request for access or correction to , or deletion of Personal Data or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of Personal Data held by us must be in writing and sent to us via postal mail at the following address :
The Data Protection Officer
Cathay Pacific Airways Limited
6th Floor Cathay Pacific City ,
8 Scenic Road ,
Hong Kong International Airport , Lantau , Hong Kong
We may charge a reasonable fee for the processing of any data access request .
Use of Cookies on CX Group Sites
A cookie is an alphanumeric string of identifier that websites of the Cathay Pacific group companies including .
CathayPacific.com , dragonair.com and asiamiles.com ( CX Group Sites ) use to transfer to the cookie file of the browser on your computer 's hard disk .
With the use of cookies , we can better serve you and/or maintain your information across multiple pages within or across one or more sessions .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but if you prefer , you can edit your browser options to block them in future .
Two types of cookies are used on the CX Group Sites :
Session Cookies , which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site .
Persistent Cookies , which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer ( though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie ) .
Cookies can not be used by themselves to identify you .
Examples of How we use Cookies on our CX Group Sites
To allow you to carry information across pages of our respective CX Group Site and avoid having to re-enter information , such as logging in for every page .
Within registration to allow you to access stored information .
During the booking process so that we can remember your selections .
To compile anonymous , aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use CX Group Sites , and to help us improve the structure of CX Group Sites .
We can not identify you personally in this way .
To store your chosen country homepage destination .
To determine and track website traffic coming in from advertisement banners that have been placed on third parties ' websites .
List of major Cookies that are essential for a desirable navigation experience on CX Group Sites
country_lang_cookie Used to record your country of residence and your preferred language choice .
Marco Polo Club_userid_cookie Used to remember the login ID of Marco Polo Club member when `` Remember this no . '' option is selected during login .
session cookie Cookies that will expire at the end of session or after idling for 30 minutes .
Used to maintain the transaction with CX Group Site .
TRACKER_CX / TRACKER_KA Used to recognise repeated visitors to the site and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information ( that is , about the way you arrive at the site , pages you view , options you select , information you enter and path you take through the site ) against an individual customer profile .
CoreID6 Used to recognise repeated visitors to the site and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information ( that is , about the way you arrive at the site , pages you view , options you select , information you enter and path you take through the site ) against an individual customer profile .
List of major Cookies that are set by third-parties on CX Group Sites
DoubleClick Used for the purpose of serving our Internet advertisements on other [ third party ] websites .
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images that allow us to track user interactions on these pages .
They may also report back some information to DoubleClick about the interaction performed .
Used for the purposes of understanding more about visitors on CX Group Sites then apply this understanding to provide web environments that save visitors time and make the sites easier to use .
This data could include search engine referral , affiliate referrals , traffic driven by banner ads or other promotions , visitor navigation around the site , popular pages , processed or abandoned transactions and sales conversions .
It also receives certain technical information , such as the visitor 's browser version and operating system .
Ticket booking information will be captured such as IP address , MARCO POLO CLUB membership number , Asia Miles membership number , login name and email address .
All information about individual visitors to a web site belongs to Cathay Pacific .
IBM Coremetrics is not allowed to disclose individual information collected for Cathay Pacific to any other IBM Coremetrics client .
On CX Group Sites Coremetrics is used in conjunction with CoreID6 for online web analytics .
Below technologies are used by IBM Coremetrics on CX Group Sites :
Session Cookie : The `` Session '' cookie exists only for the lifetime of the current browser session .
The Session cookie will exist from the point at which the first tag is received from the website until 1 ) the visitor closes all browser windows for the browser in question or 2 ) more than 30 minutes pass without receiving a data collection tag from the browser session .
One or more `` sessions '' may be associated with a `` visitor '' .
Visitor Cookie : The `` Visitor '' cookie persists after the visitor closes all browser windows .
The `` Visitor '' cookie contains a cookie ID referenced by Coremetrics to identify a visitor returning to the site across multiple `` sessions '' .
Web Beacon : Also known as a `` clear GIF '' , `` pixel tag '' , `` data tag '' or `` image tag '' .
It is a mechanism by which a small section of code that is placed on web site pages to execute an image request to IBM data collection servers .
Web beacons facilitate the transfer of data by requesting and delivering the transparent graphic GIF image from IBM Coremetrics to relevant CX Group Site .
If you do not want IBM Coremetrics to deploy cookies in your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a web site tries to put a cookie in your browser software .
Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use of some of the products and/or services at our web site .
IBM Coremetrics offers two methods by which visitors can opt-out of data collection associated with their online activities :
1 ) `` Anonymous Visitor '' and
2 ) `` Total Opt-Out '' ( which are both discussed below ) .
For either of these options to take effect , you must first accept a cookie from this site which will allow us to recognize you with a random and unique alphanumeric identifier so that we can honor your opt-out selection .
If you do not accept this cookie , or later delete it , we can not honor your request to opt-out and you will continue to be served cookies .
Your IBM Coremetrics cookie contains a random and unique alphanumeric identifier .
If you select the `` Anonymous Visitor '' option , then your cookie will be modified to read `` anonymous '' , meaning that IBM Coremetrics will continue to collect or receive data about your experience on CX Group Sites .
However , such data will be presented as part of a pool of general , anonymous visitors .
If you select `` Total Opt-Out '' , then your cookie will be modified to read `` opt-out '' , meaning that no data will be collected about you on the relevant CX Group Site .
IBM Coremetrics will in such cases record that a `` Total Opt-Out '' election has been made , so that aggregated totals of `` Total Opt-Out '' elections can be calculated and recorded .
Once you make your selection , a dialog box should appear to confirm that your opt-out choice was successful .
The opt-out will remain in effect for as long as the cookie remains on your hard drive .
If you remove this cookie from your hard drive ( for instance , if you reinstall or update your browser or choose to delete all cookies ) , you will need to renew your opt-out selection .
Remember , if you choose to opt out of the Site Analytics cookie [ from a particular CX Group Site ] you will need to do so the first time you visit such site which provide opt-out to avoid having your information collected by that site .
Further , if you use more than one web browser or computer , you will need to opt-out in each one .
Please note that if you upgrade your browser to a new version ( including , but not limited to , Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 8.0 ) , you may need to opt out again .
You can click here to understand IBM Coremetrics privacy policy in details .
Please click here if you wish to opt-out from data collection associated with IBM Coremetrics .
Remarks : Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use of some of the services on CX Group Sites .
Disabling / Enabling Cookies
All browser releases from 4.0 and beyond have a `` cookie filter '' imbedded in the Privacy settings .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser .
However , you may not be able to use all the interactive features on our site if cookies acceptance have been disabled completely .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but if you prefer , you can edit your browser options to block them in future .
You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the web .
You should repeat this procedure with each one if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Google Chrome , etc . ) .
Similarly , if you connect to the web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device .
However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this website , and certain areas of the website for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this website may not be advertisements tailored to your interests .
Whilst currently we are only using cookie in the ways we have stated out , new cookies will be implemented as necessary in order to better serve you .
We may collect information regarding your IP address , browser type , domain name and access time .
This information is used for our own research purposes and is separated from the Data .
We do not link IP addresses to any personal information .
In rare instances , IP addresses may be used to assist in deterring and/or preventing abusive or criminal activity on the website .
Links to Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites that are operated by third party companies with different privacy practices .
You should remain alert when you leave our site and read the privacy statements of other websites .
We have no control over Personal Data that you submit to or receive from these third parties .
Our Commitment to Personal Data Security
To maintain the accuracy of the Personal Data , as well as to prevent unauthorised access and ensure the correct use of Personal Data , we have implemented appropriate physical , technical , and administrative measures to safeguard and secure the Personal Data we collect .
For example , we use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocolan industry standard for encryption over the Internetto protect in transmission the Personal Data we collect online .
When you type in sensitive information such as credit card details , it will be automatically converted into codes before being securely dispatched over the Internet .
All electronic Personal Data that we maintain is securely stored and further protected through our use of appropriate access controls .
When disposing of Personal Data , paper documents containing Personal Data are securely destroyed , and electronic files storing Personal Data are permanently deleted .
In addition , to better protect certain Personal Data , some areas of the cathaypacific.com website or our mobile services channels are inaccessible unless you supply individually identifiable and verifiable information , such as your The Marco Polo Club / Asia Miles Membership Number and Password , or log in using your User ID and PIN .
As stated above , in some instances we may entrust Personal Data to third party service providers ( including service providers outside of your jurisdiction ) , binding them to protect the security of Personal Data and only to use it for the purposes we specify .
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Cathay Pacific is a global airline company with operations , offices , affiliates and business partners located worldwide .
As such , the Personal Data you submit to us in one country may be transferred , used , processed , stored and accessed worldwide in one or more additional countries , as described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , we may disclose and transfer Personal Data to and jointly use Personal Data with ( whether within or outside of your jurisdiction ) our subsidiaries , associated companies , business associates , service providers , and other persons who we consider appropriate , in connection with the services and products provided to or requested by you .
We may disclose this information to facilitate communication of news and information about such services and products and otherwise for the purposes mentioned above , under Section 3 , `` Purposes for which the Personal Data are Collected and Used . ''
The entities with whom we may share your Personal Data include but are not limited to :
any Cathay Pacific group companies , including but not limited to , Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , Asia Miles Ltd. , Cathay Holidays Limited , Cathay Pacific Catering Services ( HK ) Ltd and Hong Kong Airport Services Ltd. ;
any agent , contractor or third party service provider who provides administrative , marketing and research , distribution , data processing , telemarketing , telecommunications , computer , payment or other services to Cathay Pacific in connection with the operation of its business ;
other business associates such air carriers , land or sea transport operators , loyalty program operators and other companies involved in providing customer service or fulfilling customer requests ;
credit reference agencies ;
credit , debit and /or charge card companies and/or banks ;
government or non-government authorities , agencies and/or regulators ;
medical professionals , insurers and clinics/hospitals .
Where permitted by applicable local law , we may also disclose your Personal Data to third parties : ( i ) when required by law , by court order , or in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry ; ( ii ) to an investigative body ; ( iii ) to enforce our agreements with you ; ( iv ) when requested by other government or law enforcement authorities ( such as immigration and customs control and/or border control agencies ) ; ( v ) with your express consent , or , ( vi ) pursuant to our good faith belief that disclosure is required by law or otherwise necessary to the establishment of legal claims or defenses , to obtain legal advice , to exercise and defend our legal rights , to protect our rights or property and those of our subsidiaries or associated companies , or to protect the life , body or property of an individual .
This also applies when we have reason to believe that disclosing the Personal Data is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties , whether intentionally or otherwise , or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities .
We may also transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Cathay Pacific or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Please be advised that the Personal Data that Cathay Pacific collects or obtains may be transferred to jurisdictions that offer lesser protection of Personal Data than that provided in your jurisdiction .
By submitting personal information to Cathay Pacific or using any Cathay Pacific website , you understand and consent to such transfer .
Changes to Privacy Policy
If at any point we decide to use the Personal Data you submitted under this current policy in a way that differs materially from the privacy policy that applied at the time of that submission , you will be notified and given the opportunity via the website , email or in writing to opt out or otherwise prevent such usage .
Notice on Direct Marketing
Occasionally , we may use your personal data ( including your name and contact details ) to send you marketing communications such as emails containing news , offers , promotions and joint marketing offers about our travel services and packages , loyalty programs , duty-free sales and other travel related auxiliary services such as travel insurance , hotel transfers and car rentals .
However , we will first obtain your consent before doing so .
Please see below on how to provide us with your consent .
We may also provide your personal data ( including your name and contact details ) to third parties including our marketing partners , travel service partners for the purpose of marketing their products and services to you , including travel services and packages , loyalty programs , duty-free sales and other travel related auxiliary services such as travel insurance , hotel transfers and car rentals .
Again , we will only do this if you provide us with your consent .
You may indicate your consent to the above by the following ways :
when providing us with your personal data through our website or a form , ticking boxes indicating your consent ; or
when providing us with your personal data through the telephone , tell our customer representative that you consent
You may opt-out from receiving marketing communications at any time , free of charge , by :
following the opt-out instructions contained in the communications ;
writing to us at the address listed above , under Section 4 How to Access or Correct Your Personal Data ; or
Any personal data provided to or gathered by Cathay Pacific is controlled primarily by Cathay Pacific .
All Personal Data that has been collected from you will only be stored for a limited duration that is relevant to the purpose for which it was processed and for as long as required by applicable law .

Protection of Personal Information at the CBC
The CBC Privacy Coordinator is accountable for the CBC 's policies and practices , with respect to the management of personal information , and is the individual to whom complaints and inquires can be forwarded .
181 Queen Street ,
Box 3220 , Station C
Ottawa , Ontario K1Y 1E4
Tel . ( 613 ) 288-6165
Fax . ( 613 ) 288-6279
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
It is the policy of CBC/Radio-Canada to control the collection , use , and disclosure of personal information in accordance with all requirements set out in the Privacy Act .
The Privacy Act does not apply to personal information that CBC/Radio-Canada collects , uses , or discloses only for journalistic , artistic or literary purposes .
The following requirements shall be met by CBC/Radio-Canada unless exempted by the Privacy Act .
Collection of Personal Information
Unless otherwise authorized by the Privacy Act
No personal information shall be collected by CBC/Radio-Canada unless it relates directly to an operating program or activity of CBC/Radio-Canada .
CBC/Radio-Canada shall , wherever possible , collect personal information that is intended to be used for an administrative purpose directly from the individual to whom it relates except where the individual authorizes otherwise .
CBC/Radio Canada shall inform any individual from whom it collects personal information of the purpose for which the information is being collected .
Retention of Personal Information
Personal information that has been used by CBC/Radio-Canada for an administrative purpose shall be retained for such period of time after it is so used as may be prescribed by regulation in order to ensure that the individual to whom it relates has a reasonable opportunity to obtain access to the information .
Accuracy of Personal Information
CBC/Radio-Canada shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information that is used for an administrative purpose is as accurate , up-to-date and complete as possible .
Disposition of Personal Information
CBC/Radio-Canada shall dispose of personal information under its control in accordance with the regulations and with any directives or guidelines issued by the designated minister in relation to the disposal of that information and with its corporate retention schedule .
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information under the control of CBC/Radio-Canada shall not , without the consent of the individual to whom it relates , be used or disclosed by CBC/Radio-Canada except for the purpose for which the information was obtained or compiled or for a use consistent with that purpose unless otherwise authorized by the Privacy Act .
In certain circumstances personal information subject to the Privacy Act may be used , or disclosed without the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned .
Such circumstances include , but are not limited to personal information used or disclosed :
for the purpose for which the information was obtained or compiled by CBC/Radio-Canada or for a use consistent with that purpose ;
for the purpose of complying with a subpoena or warrant issued or order made by a court , person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information or for the purpose of complying with rules of court relating to the production of information ;
to an investigative body specified in the regulations for the purpose of enforcing any laws or carrying out a lawful investigation ;
to officers or employees of CBC/Radio-Canada for internal audit purpose ;
to the Library and Archives of Canada for archival purposes ;
where disclosure would clearly benefit the individual to whom the information relates .
CBC/Radio-Canada shall retain a record of any use of personal information contained in a personal information bank or any use or purpose for which that information is disclosed where the use or purpose is not included in the statements of uses in the personal information index published by the designated minister and shall attach the record to the personal information .
CBC/Radio-Canada shall include in personal information banks all personal information under its control that
has been used , is being used or is available for use for an administrative purpose ; or
is organized or intended to be retrieved by the name of an individual or by an identifying number , symbol or other particular assigned to an individual .
Access to Personal Information
Upon receipt of a written request , CBC/Radio-Canada shall provide a right of access to personal information subject to the Privacy Act to
any personal information about the individual requestor contained in a personal information bank ; and
any other personal information about the individual requestor under the control of a CBC/Radio-Canada with respect to which the individual is able to provide sufficiently specific information on the location of the information as to render it reasonably retrievable .
Individuals who are given access to their personal information may
request correction of the personal information where the individual believes there is an error or omission therein ;
require that a notation be attached to the information reflecting any correction requested but not made ; and
require that any person or body to whom that information has been disclosed for use for an administrative purpose within two years prior to the time a correction is requested or a notation is required under this subsection in respect of that information
be notified of the correction or notation , and
where the disclosure is to a government institution , the institution make the correction or notation on any copy of the information under its control .
Refusal of Access to Personal Information
CBC/Radio-Canada may refuse access to personal information as provided by the Privacy Act where such information , among other circumstances :
is subject to solicitor client privilege
is part of or relates to an investigative record where disclosure could be injurious to the enforcement of a law of Canada or a province or the conduct of investigation .
Where disclosure threatens the safety of individuals .
All CBC/Radio-Canada employees , who collect , maintain and/or use personal information , are responsible for insuring that the collection , use and disclosure of this information is carried out in accordance with this policy and relevant procedures .
The Corporate Secretariat is the department responsible for supervising compliance with the legislation and for initiating procedures , guidelines and schedules that will be developed to effect this policy .
The Privacy Coordinator is accountable for CBC/Radio-Canada 's policies and practices , with respect to the management of personal information , and is the individual to whom complaints and inquiries can be forwarded .
Privacy on the Internet
This privacy statement is applicable to all CBC web-sites .
The CBC respects the privacy of its Internet users and will protect that privacy as vigorously as possible .
CBC does not collect information that personally identifies individuals except when individuals provide such specific information on a voluntary basis .
There may be occasions where specific personal information is requested before an individual can enter certain sections of a CBC site .
For example , registration is needed to enter the Fantasy Pool of the Hockey Night in Canada site or to participate in any CBC online forum .
This kind of registration helps us to ensure that content standards on these sections of the site are rigorously upheld or that contact can be made with prize winners .
Information requested in order to personalize the CBC.ca homepage or any other CBC site section would be a similar example .
In all such cases , CBC will collect only information that is voluntarily provided by the user and undertakes that such information will be kept strictly confidential .
Individual information provided to the CBC to gain access to any CBC site will not be sold or made available to a third party .
CBC does reserve the right , however , to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics , in order to measure interest in and use of the various sections of its sites so as to improve design and navigation and to gather marketing information .
Only aggregated data from these analyses , not individual data , will be used for this purpose .
As well , users should be aware that certain non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the CBC through the operation of what are called `` cookies '' .
`` Cookies '' are small text files that identify an individual computer 's browser entering a web site .
They allow the site to track that browser 's movement through the site over several sessions .
Through cookies , a web site can recognize repeat users , facilitate the user 's access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behaviour that will allow content improvements .
The CBC uses cookies only for the above-mentioned purposes and will not use them to identify users or to track non-CBC usage .
If you do not want a cookie placed on your computer by the CBC , you may disable cookies altogether by modifying the Preferences section of your Netscape or Internet Explorer browser ( under Edit/Preferences/Advanced ) .
Note that it is possible that some aspects of CBC sites may be unavailable to you if you choose this option .
If you have no problem accepting cookies , but wish to be informed of their appearance , you may turn on a warning prompt by modifying the cookie warning section in Edit/Preferences/Advanced .
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act Corporate Records and Information Management Procedures Corporate Retention Schedules .
All questions related to the interpretation and application of this policy should be directed to the Privacy Coordinator , Sylvie Gadoury in Ottawa at 613-288-6165 .
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by DoubleClick , our Web advertising partner .
Information about your visits to this site , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external sites .
Links will open in new window
The Privacy Act is described as :
An Act to extend the present laws of Canada that protect the privacy of individuals and that provide individuals with a right of access to personal information about themselves .
The term personal information is defined as information about an identifiable individual that is recorded in any form with some specific exceptions for the purposes of Access to Information Act requests .
CBC 's privacy provisions are based on the CSA International 's Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information , recognized as a national standard in 1996 .
The standard addresses the ways in which organizations collect , use and disclose personal information .
It also addresses the rights of individuals to have access to their personal information and to have it corrected if necessary .
The code 's 10 principles are :
An organization is responsible for personal information under its control and shall designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for the organization 's compliance with these principles .
The purposes for which personal information is collected shall be identified by the organization at or before the time the information is collected .
The knowledge and consent of the individual are required for the collection , use or disclosure of personal information , except where inappropriate .
The collection of personal information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the organization .
Information shall be collected by fair and lawful means .
Limiting Use , Disclosure , and Retention
Personal information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected , except with the consent of the individual or as required by law .
Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of these purposes .
Personal information shall be as accurate , complete , and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used .
Personal information shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information .
An organization shall make readily available to individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information .
Upon request , an individual shall be informed of the existence , use and disclosure of his or her personal information and shall be given access to that information .
An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate .
An individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated individual or individuals accountable for the organization 's compliance .

Skip directly to searchSkip directly to A to Z listSkip directly to site contentSkip directly to page options
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Web measurement and customization technologies
You Can Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If You Send Us Personal Information
Intrusion Detection and Security
Third-Party Websites and Applications
CDC Web Privacy Policy Notice
Thank you for visiting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) website and for reviewing our Privacy Policy .
CDC is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information .
With respect to the collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information ( PII ) CDC complies with applicable federal law .
Our privacy policy is clear :
CDC does not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) when you visit our Websites unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Any PII that you choose to provide is fully protected .
Non-PII information related to your visit to our websites may be automatically collected and temporarily stored .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you browse through any Website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
If you do nothing during a visit to the CDC Website other than browse through the website , read pages or download information , certain data will be gathered and stored automatically about the visit .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and temporarily store only the following information about your visit :
the Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if a private Internet access account is used , or `` yourschool.edu '' if connecting from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when surfing the Web ) ;
Operating System and information about the Web browser ( used when accessing the site ;
the visit date and time ;
the specific pages visited ;
the amount of data ( measured in number of bytes ) transmitted from CDC.gov to your computer .
We use this information in the aggregate to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections , to enhance site performance , and to improve the overall customer service experience for our visitors by making it more useful .
Web measurement and customization technologies
All uses of Web measurement and customization technologies will comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
CDC Websites use a variety of different Web measurement and customization technologies to collect and analyze the information with regard to users ' visits .
Some pages on CDC.gov may include web content or functionality from third parties .
For example , content or functionality from the following third parties may be present on some CDC.gov pages , including but not limited to :
CDC uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
CDC.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the CDC.gov Website .
This survey does not collect personally identifiable information .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the CDC.gov site as those who do not take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to CDC.gov staff , such as subject matter experts , health communication staff and other designated staff who necessarily require this information to perform their duties .
CDC retains the data from ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the CDC.gov Web site , but for no longer than one ( 1 ) year .
CDC uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them .
To subscribe to a CDC product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive .
The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery .
Only the CDC managers who send newsletters , alerts or memos via GovDelivery and staff members who monitor the results of GovDelivery email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists .
GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of CDC for any purpose .
GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks and open rates .
This information is password protected and only available to CDC.gov managers , members of the CDC.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
When you visit any Web site , a small text file called a `` cookie '' may be placed on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to remember specific information about your visit while you are connected to that Website .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from CDC Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to our site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
CDC uses two types of cookies on its Websites : single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) :
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes to improve the user experience while visiting our Website .
Session cookies are temporary text files that expire when you leave our Websites .
Once you close your browser , the cookie is destroyed and automatically deleted from your computer .
Under OMB M-10-22 , our use of session cookies is defined as Usage Tier 1 single session .
The policy states that this tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for a longer period .
These multi-session cookies are stored on your computer and expire 1 year after your last visit to a Website .
After 1 year , they are automatically deleted from your computer ; however , you may also choose to delete persistent cookies from your computer at any time .
We use persistent cookies to collect non-PII data about users who frequently visit our Websites , and to test variations of our site design and content to optimize our Web pages .
In the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo 10-22 Guidance , our use of persistent cookies is defined as `` Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) , '' which `` encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
You Can Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer at all , you can choose not to accept cookies from the CDC Website by changing your browser settings .
By not accepting cookies you will still have access to all information , and resources on our Websites , identical to that received by individuals choosing to accept the cookies .
If You Send Us Personal Information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the CDC Websites .
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself , as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we only use that information to respond to your message .
We will maintain any information you provide in accordance with applicable federal law .
CDC will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personal information about visitors to our websites , unless required for law enforcement or by statute .
Moreover , we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give it to any private organizations .
CDC does not collect information for commercial marketing .
Remember , however , that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
Therefore , if your communication is sensitive or includes personal information , you may prefer to send it to CDC via postal mail instead .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information ( PII ) - that is to say , information that is personal in nature and may be used to identify you - as in an e-mail message , questionnaire , form , online survey , or other tool , submitted through our website , we will maintain the information that you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If we store your personal information in a records system designed to retrieve contact information about individuals by personal identifier ( e.g. , name , personal e-mail address , home ( mailing ) address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , we will safeguard your information in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C . 552a ) .
If , in order to accomplish its mission , CDC operates a system of records from which it retrieves information that you submit , there will be a Privacy Act Notice prominently displayed on the public-facing website or form that requests your PII .
If applicable , such Notice must state the following five criteria :
The purpose for which CDC is collecting your information
CDC 's legal authorization to collect your information
The Routine Uses for which your information will be disclosed outside of CDC
Whether providing your information is voluntary or legally mandatory
The effects , if any , of nondisclosure of your information should you choose not to provide it .
Intrusion Detection and Security
This site is maintained by the U.S. Government and is protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in Federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , CDC employs software programs to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this Website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 .
Third-Party Websites and Applications
Likewise , applications created by CDC may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of CDC activities .
Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with CDC .
Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third party sites .
Consequently , you should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences .
Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or CDC based on your user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party .
CDC will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through CDC 's use of third-party websites or applications .
Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the cdc.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here .
PII or other information that you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties .
As described in these website policies , you can communicate with CDC without involving a third-party .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Atlanta , GA 30333
TTY : ( 888 ) 232-6348
Add this to ...
Page last reviewed : January 26 , 2012
Page last updated : January 26 , 2012
Content source : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
USA.gov : The U.S. Government 's Official Web PortalDepartment of Health and Human Services
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd . Atlanta , GA 30333 , USA
800-CDC-INFO ( 800-232-4636 ) TTY : ( 888 ) 232-6348 - Contact CDCINFO

The purpose of this policy is to explain how we handle information we collect from you during your visit to Census Bureau websites .
This policy does not apply to third-party websites that you are able to access from our websites , nor does it cover other information collection practices within the Census Bureau .
We do not collect personally identifiable information ( name , address , e-mail address , social security number , or other unique identifiers ) on our websites unless we specifically advise you that we are doing so .
Your rights under the Privacy Act : Information concerning the Privacy Act can be found at the Department of Justice website .
This policy is updated when appropriate technology improvements are adopted by the Census Bureau .
Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA )
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , 16 CFR Part 312 , requires operators of websites directed to children under age 13 , and operators that have actual knowledge of collecting or maintaining personal information from children under 13 , to obtain verifiable consent from parents prior to the collection , use , or disclosure of personal information from children .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13 on our websites .
For more information regarding COPPA please visit the Federal Trade Commission 's Privacy website and select the Children 's Privacy link .
Questions and comments are only retained if required by law , or for a specific program need , as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule ( GRS ) 20 , Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable .
The Census Bureau is committed to making online forms and other public documents on its Internet server accessible to all .
Currently , we are reviewing our websites and making modifications to those pages which are not in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act .
We use Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) to create pages that are generally accessible to persons using screen reading devices , and we are careful in our construction of HTML documents to ensure maximum accessibility .
We include alternate text describing graphics .
Many Census Bureau Internet documents are in ASCII or HTML formats .
These documents are accessible to persons using screen reading software .
We also have a large number of documents in Adobe Acrobat PDF ( Portable Document Format ) files .
Currently , many people using screen reading devices can not read documents in PDF format , specifically those that were created from a scanned hard copy .
Adobe Systems , Inc. is producing various products designed to make Adobe Acrobat documents accessible to persons using screen reading software .
Adobe 's accessibility web pages Link to a non-federal Web site describe their efforts .
Information Collected from E-mail and Online Forms
When you send us personally identifiable information , we only use the information we need in order to gather the information you request or to process your response to a survey or census .
All information submitted by our website visitors is voluntary .
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the submitted information for the stated purpose .
It is our policy not to send emails to you that contain identifiable information about you , your household , or business .
E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
Whether or not e-mail is encrypted in transmission depends on your software .
Security & Third Party Links
Security , Intrusion , and Detection
To ensure that computer service remains available to all users , this government IT system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to our computer system .
websites identified as representing an actual or potential security threat to Census Bureau information and/or information resources are blocked .
Further , websites that are known to violate Census Bureau , Department of Commerce , and/or Federal guidelines regarding access to certain types of websites and/or content are blocked , for example :
Websites involved in the compromise of other government agencies
On-line storage and file sharing websites
Websites attacking Census Bureau systems ( attempting to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in Internet facing systems )
Websites scanning Census Bureau systems ( attempting to identify Internet facing systems )
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other federal agencies , international agencies , and private organizations .
Once you link to another website you are subject to the policies of the new website .
Links to non-government websites are denoted by off site .
Our linking to non-government websites does not constitute an endorsement of any products , services or the information found on them .
Third Party Websites & Applications
The Census Bureau has a presence on several social media/Web 2.0 platforms ( Facebook , YouTube , Twitter and Flickr ) and clearly contain the Census Bureau 's official logo .
Each of these web sites provides visitors with a unique way to communicate with the agency .
Some may allow visitors to log in , create profiles and save information in those profiles .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you through your use of these social media/Web 2.0 platforms .
We may collect non-identifying information , such as city , state , and zip code of visitors to these web sites for statistical , research , and promotional purposes only .
Further , the Census Bureau has no control over the third-party 's use of this information and is not liable regarding the third-party 's safeguarding your information .
These web sites have their own privacy , security and accessibility policies .
The Census Bureau will from time-to-time use a third-party web site or application ( hosted service ) to conduct customer satisfaction surveys and/or feedback forms .
These surveys and/or feedback forms do not collect personally identifiable information .
The results from these surveys or forms are used to conduct primary research into the quality of the Census Bureau programs and products .
The results collected will be used strictly for internal program management purposes to assess staff work , material design and development and to enhance planning efforts for current and future surveys and censuses .
Web Measurement and Customization Technologies
We use web measurement and customization technologies to optimize your experience during your visit to our websites and to provide statistically accurate data about how you use our website .
These technologies are commonly known as `` cookies , '' and may include the use of persistent cookies and other web measurement and customization technologies .
There are three `` tiers '' of these web measurement and customization technologies , as established by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) :
Tier 1 - Single Session
This technology tracks the user 's online interactions within a single session or visit to a single website .
Any information related to a particular visit to the website is deleted from the user 's computer immediately after the session ends .
Tier 2 - Multi Session without Personally Identifiable Information
This technology notices when a user returns to a website and remembers his or her online interactions and preferences across multiple sessions , typically for the purpose of web analytics , but also for customizing people 's online experience .
Tier 3 - Multi Session with Personally Identifiable Information
This technology is the same as Tier 2 , but ties a tracking mechanism to the user 's personally identifiable information .
The following sections include information describing the use of these tiers when you visit Census Bureau websites .
Use of Tiers When You Visit Our websites
When you visit our websites to read pages or download information , Tier 1 technology is used .
We automatically collect and store the following non-personally identifying information :
The Internet protocol ( IP ) address from which you access our website .
An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to the computer you are using whenever you are surfing the web
The type of browser , such as Safari , Internet Explorer , or Firefox and operating system , such as Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP , or OSX and Linux , used to access our site .
The date and time our website is accessed , for the purpose of monitoring demand .
The pages visited , for the purpose of improving the usefulness of our website by providing helpful links and removing pages that are not read .
The last website you visit , if that website contains a link to a Census Bureau web page , indicates how you found this website .
The information we retain does not include personally identifying information .
The above information is maintained in our system logs for analytical purposes .
The logs may be kept indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent a security breach and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers .
When you make use of American FactFinder , Tier 1 technology is used .
Transient cookies are used to keep track of user selections so that new requests for specific data or maps can be created more efficiently .
No personally identifiable information is permanently retained on either the users or the Census Bureau 's computers .
These transient cookies go away completely when you exit the browser .
When ordering products , transient cookies are enabled to track your order through the process .
Electronic Census Bureau Surveys
When responding to surveys over the Internet that collect personally identifiable information , Tier 2 technology is used .
Use of this technology is automatic unless you decline or opt-out .
The following also applies to personally identifiable information provided in response to a Census Bureau survey or census .
In response to a survey or census via the Internet , you may have to provide us personally identifiable information .
For each survey and census , we provide an explanation to respondents about the confidentiality of the data and the laws that protect the data ( e.g. , Title 13 , United States Code Section 9 ( a ) ) .
All web data submissions are encrypted to further strengthen the protection of the information we collect online .
Blocking Web Measurements and Customization Technologies ( Opt Out )
The technologies we describe in this policy are the default settings .
Should you choose to remove or block the use of web measurement and customization technologies ( opt out ) , we will make provide you with alternatives for acquiring comparable information or services .

We 're Hiring !
Last Updated : December 20 , 2013
The Commonwealth English version of this policy is provided for informational purposes only .
However , the US English version prevails in case of contradictions or errors in translation .
Change.org , Inc. ( the Company , we or us ) has established this privacy policy to explain to you how your information is protected , collected and used , which may be updated by us from time to time .
The Company maintains the right to send you information via the postal mail services of your jurisdiction if such mailing is permissible pursuant to the laws of your jurisdiction .
If you do not wish to receive information via the postal mail services , please contact our help desk pursuant to Section 7 below .
Your Personal Information ( defined below ) is not shared with any third parties without your consent except as noted below .
We do utilise tracking devices ( cookies , web beacons , single-pixel gifs , etc . ) .
Cookies are small files that store information about your account , web browser , computer , mobile phone , or other device .
Most companies on the web use cookies to enable special features or to provide you with a better , faster , or safer experience .
We use cookies to make Change.org better and easier to use ; to provide you with a more personalised experience ; and to protect you , others , and Change.org from malicious activity .
For example , we use cookies to store your login ID ( but never your password ) so that it 's easier for you to log in when you return to the site .
We also use cookies to confirm that you 're logged in to Change.org .
We do not use cookies to create a profile of your browsing behaviour on third-party sites , although we may use anonymous or aggregate data to track overall usage of Change.org .
You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser , but in some cases , this may impact your ability to use Change.org .
Except as noted below , you have complete control over the emails you receive from us .
To edit your email settings , login to your account , click on Settings and select Manage Email Preferences .
Notwithstanding the foregoing the Company maintains the right at all times to contact its members for business related purposes ( some examples include , but are not limited to : ( i ) if a user requests a new password , ( ii ) if the Company chooses to alert its users about an update to this Privacy Policy or its Terms of Service , or ( iii ) in response to an action taken by you using the Company 's products and/or services , such as signing a petition or updating your profile ) .
You have complete control over who may see your profile .
To edit your privacy settings , login to your account , click on Settings and select Privacy .
Please note , the initial setting for your profile is private .
If you set your profile to public , anyone can view it and your profile may be indexed by internet search engines ; both of these may be changed following the directions provided above .
Your Change.org account is password-protected .
It is your obligation to safeguard your password .
To update your password , login to your account , click on Settings and select Change Password .
The Company does not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13 .
If we become informed that a posting has been made by a person under the age of 13 , we will remove all materials posted by such individual and will delete the account used by such person to access our website .
Postings made on our website may include links to third party websites , and such websites will have different privacy policies than those set forth herein .
We disclaim all responsibility for compliance with the privacy policies of those third party websites , and strongly urge all users to review such privacy policies .
Data we collect and store
As part of the registration process , we collect your name , email address , and mailing address ( your Personal Information ) .
We may additionally track data ( including data which has been marked by the user as Deleted ) relating to your behaviour on the website , including , but not limited to , creating a campaign , signing a campaign , your general geographic region and/or your organisation affiliations ( your Campaign Activity Information ) .
Please do not post any personal information in any public forum of Change.org which you expect to remain private , including , but not limited to , any Personal Information and/or Campaign Activity Information .
We also reserve the right to collect any data about you which is publicly available ; this data may be obtained by us or by a 3rd party engaged by us to collect such information .
For collection of telephone numbers , please see the final paragraph of Section 3 below .
We do NOT collect sensitive information from our users ( including , but not limited , to personal information specifying medical or health conditions , racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual ) ; however , a visitor to the website may be able to ascertain such sensitive information by the data which you choose to display on the Company 's website ( s ) .
We make good faith efforts to store all collected data in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public , although we can not guarantee complete security .
All of our collected data resides on servers in the United States .
Our web logs collect standard web log entries for each page served , including your IP address , page URL , and timestamp .
Web logs help us to diagnose problems with our server , to administer the Company 's website , and to otherwise provide our services to you .
If any data is incorrect , you will be allowed to make any reasonable correction , amendment and/or deletion ( as long as the purportedly inaccurate data is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for any other legitimate business purpose ) .
How we may use your data
We may share your Personal Information with the following third parties :
Affiliated third parties ( for example , our database administrators ) for the sole purpose of helping us do our work .
These groups do not share your Personal Information or use it for any purpose other than as instructed by us .
If you sign a petition , please be advised that , even if you uncheck the box Display my signature publicly , your Personal Information may be delivered to the intended recipient of such campaign and/or the creator of such campaign either electronically or in writing ; the Company does not in any manner monitor or attempt to verify the intended recipients of any campaign and/or the creator of any campaign and disclaims all liability regarding the accuracy of the intended recipient ( s ) of all campaigns and/or creator ( s ) of all campaigns .
Please note further that if you choose to display your signature to a petition publicly , you are also consenting to the disclosure of your name , city , state and a link to your change.org user profile on the landing page for such petition , indicating that you have signed such petition ; this information will be visible to any visitor of our website , including search engines and other organisations which provide archival internet activities ( See Section 4 below ) .
If you would like to receive direct communication from the organisations you support , you may choose to have us pass your Personal Information to such organisations ; please note that whenever you choose to have us pass such Personal Information to an organisation , we will additionally inform the organisation of the source campaign where you made this election .
Please also be advised that the default settings for many of our campaigns assume that you wish to receive communications from the organisations you support ; if you do not wish to receive such communications , please uncheck the box Keep me updated by [ name of organisation ] ( or other language of a similar nature ) before signing such campaign .
If you choose to receive direct communications from the organisations you support , please be advised that : ( i ) Change.org has no control over the content , frequency and/or any other aspect of such communications ; and ( ii ) although we do not sell or trade our contact lists , it is fairly common practice for organisations to rent or trade the names and addresses of their donors with other organisations .
Accordingly , we strongly urge you to review the terms of service , privacy policies and/or other like policies of any organisation prior to consenting to our transmission of your Personal Information to such organisation .
In addition , we may utilise your Campaign Activity Information for internal purposes to help us personalise the experience for each user and to operate , maintain and improve the features and functionality of our website .
Please note that if you choose to make some of your Campaign Activity Information public ( such as publicly displaying your signature to a petition or making a comment in a public forum ) , 3rd parties will have access to such information .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein , the Company : ( 1 ) may disclose information about its users if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; and ( 2 ) may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others , in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) enforce our Terms of Service ; ( b ) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties ; ( c ) or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the Company , its users or the general public .
In the event that the Company is involved in a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , reorganisation or sale of assets , your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction .
The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity .
Special notices regarding collection and use of telephone numbers : ( 1 ) If you provide your telephone number to the Company , it will be saved in the Company 's database .
If you are shown a sponsored petition in which telephone numbers are collected , you will be able to elect ( solely at your discretion ) whether or not you 'd like your telephone number transferred to such sponsor ( as indicated therein ) .
If applicable , we may also pre-populate the telephone number field for your convenience ; and ( 2 ) You wo n't be hearing from Change.org via telephone unless you start a petition and the Company needs to contact you regarding petition issues or to potentially provide support to your campaign .
Archiving and display of Change.org postings by search engines and other sites
Search engines and other websites unaffiliated with the Company may archive or otherwise make available information publicly displayed on our website .
By visiting our web site and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of Change.org , we may use the data collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in this policy or in our other communications with you , including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction .
In addition , please understand that such data may be stored on servers located in the United States .
By providing us with your data , you consent to the transfer of such data .
Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
The Company is committed to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy .
When we receive formal written complaints , we contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns ; please submit all questions or concerns by following the instructions in Section 7 below .
The Company has further committed to cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that can not be resolved between the Company and an individual .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by the Company , please contact your local regulatory authority .
All disputes resultant from this Privacy Policy shall be adjudicated pursuant to the mechanisms set forth in our Terms of Service .
This Privacy Policy is compliant with : ( i ) the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles of the U.S. EU Safe Harbour Framework , and ( ii ) the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles of the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbour Framework .
We self-certify compliance with :

Last Updated : November 17 , 2013
Your privacy is important to us .
This Online Privacy Policy explains how we collect , share , use , and protect information when you visit or use this online service and any other online services offered by the U.S. banking and non-banking affiliates and subsidiaries of Chase that link to or reference this policy ( collectively , our online services ) .
This policy covers Chase 's many online services , including the Chase websites , Chase Mobile , and Chase-branded social media sites or pages , as well as any interactions you may have while viewing content provided through one of Chase 's digital advertising campaigns .
As you review this Online Privacy Policy , here are a few general principles to keep in mind :
Our online services are intended for a U.S. audience .
If you visit or use one of our online services , your information may be transferred or processed in the United States .
For non-U.S. online services , please review the privacy policy applicable to that service to understand how your information will be treated and safeguarded .
Our online services are not intended for children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without parental consent .
If you have a financial product or service with us , we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice , which offers you certain choices with respect to the use and sharing of your personal information .
Chase Mobile and our social media sites or pages may have additional terms from this policy about the privacy of your information .
Please review the privacy policy for the specific online service you are using .
If you have questions after reviewing this policy , please visit the Frequently Asked Questions ( Opens Overlay ) section in the Security Center .
When you visit or use our online services , we may collect personal information from or about you such as your name , email address , mailing address , telephone number ( s ) , account numbers , limited location information ( for example , a zip code to help you find a nearby ATM ) , user name and password .
We may also collect payment card information , social security numbers , driver 's license numbers ( or comparable ) when you provide such information while using our online services and where we believe it is reasonably required for ordinary business purposes .
Usage and Other Information
In addition to the personal information described above , we may collect certain information about your use of our online services .
For example , we may capture the IP address of the device you use to connect to the online service , the type of operating system and browser you use , and information about the site you came from , the parts of our online service you access , and the site you visit next .
We or our third-party partners may also use cookies , web beacons or other technologies to collect and store other information about your visit to , or use of , our online services .
In addition , we may later associate the usage and other information we collect online with personal information about you .
For your convenience , Chase offers you the ability to access some of our products and services through mobile applications and mobile-optimized websites ( Chase Mobile ) .
When you interact with us through Chase Mobile , we may collect information such as unique device identifiers for your mobile device , your screen resolution and other device settings , information about your location , and analytical information about how you use your mobile device .
We may ask your permission before collecting certain information ( such as precise geo-location information ) through Chase Mobile .
Additional Sources of Information
We may also collect information about you from additional online and offline sources including from co-branded partner sites or commercially available third-party sources , such as credit reporting agencies .
We may combine this information with the personal and other information we have collected about you under this Online Privacy Policy .
We use the information discussed above in a number of ways , such as :
Processing applications and transactions ;
Verifying your identity ( such as when you access your account information ) ;
Preventing fraud and enhancing the security of your account or our online services ;
Responding to your requests and communicating with you ;
Managing your preferences ;
Performing analytics concerning your use of our online services , including your responses to our emails and the pages and advertisements you view ;
Providing you tailored content and marketing messages ;
Operating , evaluating and improving our business ( including developing new products and services ; improving existing products and services ; performing data analytics ; and performing accounting , auditing and other internal functions ) ;
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements , relevant industry standards , contractual obligations and our policies ; and
For any other purposes that we may specifically disclose at the time you provide or we collect your information .
We may also use data that we collect on an aggregate or anonymous basis ( such that it does not identify any individual customers ) for various business purposes , where permissible under applicable laws and regulations .
We may share the information we collect from and about you with our affiliates and other third parties .
For example , we may share your information with :
Chase third-party service providers ;
Chase affiliated websites and businesses in an effort to bring you improved service across our family of products and services , when permissible under relevant laws and regulations ;
Other companies to bring you co-branded services , products or programs ;
Third parties or affiliates in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a sale , consolidation or merger of Chase businesses ; and
Other third parties to comply with legal requirements such as the demands of applicable subpoenas and court orders ; to verify or enforce our terms of use , our other rights , or other applicable policies ; to address fraud , security or technical issues ; to respond to an emergency ; or otherwise to protect the rights , property or security of our customers or third parties .
Where appropriate , we will limit sharing of your information in accordance with the choices you have provided us in response to our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice .
We may share anonymous or aggregated information with third parties to help deliver products , services , and content that are better tailored to the users of our online services and for other purposes .
Understanding Cookies , Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies
We , or our service providers , and other companies we work with may deploy and use cookies , web beacons , local shared objects and other tracking technologies for various purposes , such as fraud prevention and monitoring our advertising and marketing campaign performance .
Some of these tracking tools may detect characteristics or settings of the specific device you use to access our online services .
Cookies are small amounts of data a website can send to a visitor 's web browser .
They are often stored on the device you are using to help track your areas of interest .
Cookies may also enable us or our service providers and other companies we work with to relate your use of our online services over time to customize your experience .
Most web browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to decline or delete cookies , but doing so may degrade your experience with our online services .
Clear GIFs , pixel tags or web beaconswhich are typically one-pixel , transparent images located on a webpage or in an email or other messageor similar technologies may be used on our sites and in some of our digital communications ( such as email or other marketing messages ) .
They may also be used when you are served advertisements or you otherwise interact with advertisements outside of our online services .
These are principally used to help recognize users , assess traffic patterns and measure site or campaign engagement .
Local Shared Objects , sometimes referred to as flash cookies may be stored on your hard drive using a media player or other software installed on your device .
Local Shared Objects are similar to cookies in terms of their operation , but may not be managed in your browser in the same way .
For more information on managing Local Shared Objects , click here ( Opens Overlay ) .
You will see advertisements when you use many of our online services .
These advertisements may be for our own products or services ( including pre-screened offers of credit ) or for products and services offered by third parties .
Which advertisements you see is often determined using the information we or our affiliates , service providers and other companies that we work with have about you , including information about your relationships with us ( e.g. , types of accounts held , transactional information , location of banking activity ) .
To that end , where permitted by applicable law , we may share with others the information we collect from and about you .
Online behavioral advertising ( also known as OBA or interest-based advertising ) refers to the practice of collecting information from a computer or device regarding a visitor 's web-browsing activities across non-affiliated websites over time in order to deliver advertisements that may be of interest to that visitor based on their browsing history .
Through OBA , we hope to deliver advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you using information about your other web-browsing activities ( e.g. , the web pages you visit , search terms you enter , and the way you move through our online services on your computer or device ) or your personal profile ( e.g. , demographic or location information ) .
Certain companies we work with may set cookies and use related tracking technologies , such as the clear GIFs discussed above , throughout our online services or in our communications to support these OBA efforts .
If you do not want your information collected and used by the companies we work with for OBA purposes , you can opt out of this form of OBA by following the instructions in the next section .
Opting Out of Online Behavioral Advertising
CLICK HERE ( to access Evidon Tool to opt out ) for a list of those third parties that may use your web-browsing behavior for OBA and for which you can opt-out of their use of such data .
Certain Chase ads on third-party websites feature an Advertising Options Icon , that when clicked , ( i ) describes the collection and uses of data gathered at the relevant third-party website and ( ii ) provides a way for you to opt out of data collection and use by the third parties listed for the purposes of OBA .
If you choose to opt out , our service provider will communicate your opt out election to the relevant third-party advertising partners and a cookie will be placed on your browser indicating your decision to opt out .
Bear in mind that because cookies are stored by your browser , if you use different browsers on your computer , or multiple computers and devices that have browsers and you do not wish to have cookies collect information for OBA purposes , you will need to opt out of OBA from each browser on each of the computers and devices that you use .
Chase currently uses Evidon in connection with the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising ( to access Evidon Tool to opt out ) ( Opens Overlay ) managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
Please note that even if you opt out of OBA , you may still receive advertisements from us ; they just wo n't be customized based on your web-browsing activities on third-party websites .
Linking to Third-Party Websites
Chase may provide links to websites that are owned or operated by other companies ( `` third-party websites '' ) .
When you use a link online to visit a third-party website , you will be subject to that website 's privacy and security practices , which may differ from ours .
You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy , terms of use and security practices of the linked third-party website before providing any information on that website .
We use reasonable physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect and limit access to personal information .
This includes device safeguards and secured files and buildings .
Visit our Security Center for additional information about how we protect your Personal Information .
Please note that information you send to us electronically may not be secure when it is transmitted to us .
We recommend that you do not use unsecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information ( such as your Social Security number ) to us .
Keeping your account information up-to-date is very important .
You may review , or update certain account information by logging in and accessing the Customer Center section .
If you can not change the incorrect information online , or you prefer to request changes offline , please use the Contact Us option on our site , or call or write to us using the contact information listed on your account statements , records , or other account materials .
You can also speak to one of our branch representatives , your financial advisor , or your designated account representative
Changes to this Online Privacy Policy
We may change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we do , we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new Last Updated date .
Any changes to this Online Privacy Policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise .

Effective April 3 , 2013
Your privacy is very important to Trip Network , Inc. ( d/b/a CheapTickets ) .
This Privacy Policy describes the principles and practices that apply to Personal Information ( defined below ) collected from users of our services ( you ) on our Site ( defined below ) , in telephone or e-mail communications , or in interviews , surveys , contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes .
We will not collect Personal Information without your knowledge and permission ;
We will not knowingly disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except as provided in this Privacy Policy ;
We will allow you to view , correct or modify your Personal Information ; and
We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the Personal Information we collect from you .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Law , California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship , ( a ) a list of the categories of personal information , such as name , e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer , that a business has disclosed to third parties ( including affiliates that are separate legal entities ) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes and ( b ) the names and addresses of all such third parties .
We will respond to such requests to information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above .
If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address , we will respond within a reasonable period of time , but not to exceed 150 days from the date received .
Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year .
The remainder of this Privacy Policy describes our Personal Information handling practices in detail .
What Personal Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
To whom we disclose Personal Information
How we retain and store Personal Information
How we protect Personal Information
How to access , modify or close your acount
Changes to the Privacy Policy
U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks
In this Privacy Policy , terms that commence with a capital letter are defined in this Section .
Guest means an individual who searches and Books Products or Services on our Site without being a Member .
Member ID means the e-mail address Members use ( with their password ) to log into our Site .
CheapTickets , us , our or we means Trip Network , Inc. ( d/b/a CheapTickets ) and its subsidiaries and affiliates .
Personal Information means any information , recorded in any form , about an identified individual , or an individual whose identity may be inferred from the information .
This includes , for example , name , e-mail and mailing address , telephone number , billing and account information and other information incidental to providing Products or Services ( including information about individuals traveling with an individual who Books on our Site ) .
Products or Services means the airline travel , hotel accommodation , car rental , ground transportation , tours , theater tickets , attractions , travel insurance and other items available from our Site .
To Book means to reserve .
Session Data means usage and device information .
This includes , for example , the type of Internet browser and operating system an individual uses , the domain name of the site from which the individual came , the date , time and duration of the individual 's visit to our Site , the number of visits to our Site , the pages viewed on our Site , the cookies accumulated on the user 's browser , the type of mobile device the individual uses and the unique identifier of an individual 's mobile device .
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US , AND/OR BY USING OUR SITE , YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT , USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW .
If you do not agree with these terms , do not provide any Personal Information to us .
If you refuse or withdraw your consent , or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information , we may not be able to provide you Products or Services .
Minors ( as defined under the laws of their jurisdiction or residence ) are not eligible to use our Site , register for an account or Book Products or Services .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Minor , and will not use this information if we discover that it has been provided by a Minor .
Other Travelers or Contacts
If you Book Products or Services for other travelers , you must make sure that you have the right to do so .
By providing the Personal Information of another traveler or third party , you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person ( s ) to enable us to collect , use and disclose his or her Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
What Personal Information we collect
We collect only such information as necessary to provide Products and Services to you .
When you are just visiting
When you visit our Site as a Guest or Member , we collect Session Data .
When using the CheapTickets mobile site , you may search for Products and Services in the area in which you are located .
If you choose to do so , depending on the mobile device or application you are using , we may collect your geo-location information to search for the applicable Products and Services or to personalize and improve your individual viewing experiences on our Site and provide information that may be of interest to you .
You may at any time disable our collection and use of your location information by turning location services off at the device level .
When you register as a Member
When you register with us as a Member , you must provide your name and e-mail address .
You must choose a password , which will be required to gain access to portions of our Site reserved for Member use .
We may also request your home zip code .
You may elect to provide other information .
Such information may include , for example , gender , activities and lifestyle preferences or preferred destinations .
You may elect to provide other information .
Such information may include , for example , gender , activities and lifestyle preferences or preferred destinations .
When you Book Products or Services as a Member
When you Book Products or Services as a Member , you must provide payment and billing information and other information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
Such information may include , for example , date of birth , gender , driver information or similar information .
If you choose to use our E-mail Your Itinerary feature , we will send the individual ( s ) you identify a one-time e-mail with the applicable information .
We do not permanently store the name or e-mail address of such individuals .
When you Book Products or Services for a third party
When you Book Products or Services for a third party , you must provide that third party 's name and contact information , payment and billing information and other information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
When you Book Products or Services as a Guest
When you Book Products or Services as a Guest , you must provide Personal Information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
You must also provide an e-mail address so that we can send you our welcome e-mail and a confirmation of the booking .
With the confirmation , we will provide you with a temporary password so that you can return to our Site if you wish to review information about the booking .
When you participate in contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes
We may offer you the chance to win a variety of travel-related prizes by sponsoring contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes .
If you choose to participate , we will collect Personal Information such as your name or e-mail or mailing address .
If a third party administers the contest , your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for such third parties .
You should carefully review these third parties ' terms and conditions .
When you participate in a survey or a focus group
From time to time , we may invite you to participate in a survey or a focus group .
You are free to participate or not .
We will collect the responses you provide , and will make them anonymous by aggregating them with those of other participants .
If you use a bulletin board , blog or chat room on our Site , you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read , collected or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums .
If you wish to request the removal of your Personal Information from our blog , you can do so by contacting us as indicated in Contact Information .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
When we advertise on third party sites
When you visit a site on which we advertise and click through our advertisement , we may place cookies on your computer or use pixel tags .
The information that we collect through this technology is not personally identifiable .
When you call or write to our Customer Service
When you call or write to our Customer Service , we collect contact information , including , for example , name , phone number , e-mail or mailing address , and information about the relevant booking as necessary to assist you .
For example , if you call for assistance with a pre-existing booking or to Book Products or Services , we may request your name , contact information and payment and billing information .
When we send e-mails or e-newsletters
When we send e-mails or e-newsletters , we may insert a pixel tag in the e-mail .
If you choose to use our Forward to a Friend feature , we will send your friend ( s ) a one-time e-mail about the applicable information .
We do not permanently store the name or e-mail address of such individuals .
Supplementation of Personal Information
In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submitted to us with information from third party sources :
Address Verification : If you Book Products or Services , we use third parties in order to verify your address information during the credit card authorization process .
Enhancement of Profile Information : We obtain marketing data from third parties and add it to our existing user database , to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers for which we think you would be interested .
To enrich our profiles of individual customers , we tie this information to the Personal Information you submitted to us .
If you choose to link any of your social media accounts to your account , you will be given the option to log into your account using the credentials from any such social media accounts .
When you choose to use this log-in feature , we obtain information from all of the social media accounts that you have chosen to link to your account .
Such information may include , for example , your name , date of birth , gender , location , profile photo , interests , activities , likes , check-ins , languages , e-mail address , mailing address , telephone number , professional information , contacts or similar information .
You may unlink any of your social media accounts from your account by modifying your account settings .
When you do so , we will stop obtaining new information from such social media accounts .
How we use the information we collect
We use Personal Information in order to provide and enhance the Products or Services offered :
To record your travel preferences , make reservations or acquire travel insurance on your behalf or communicate with you about your travel plans ;
To issue invoices , administer accounts , collect and process payments ;
To provide tips or guidance on how to use our Site , inform you of new features on our Site or provide other information that may be of interest to users ;
To personalize the service or communication we provide to you , tailor your experience at our Site or other sites to your interests and make more appropriate travel recommendations ;
To send you commercial communications if you have not opted-out of receiving these communications ;
To manage our Site , diagnose technical problems , improve content and allocate the resources of our systems so that your experience with our Site is as efficient as possible ;
To process and track your transactions and to send you information about our and our affiliates ' and business partners ' products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you ;
To develop , enhance , market , sell or provide CheapTickets ' Products or Services , or those of companies with which we have a commercial relationship , but only if you have granted us permission to do so or we are otherwise able to do so under applicable law ;
To evaluate credit standing and to match credit bureau or credit reporting agency information ;
To investigate , detect and protect CheapTickets and other third parties against error , negligence , breach of contract , fraud , theft and other illegal activities ;
To effect a corporate transaction in connection with the sale , merger , spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation , where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business ;
To audit compliance with our policies and contractual obligations ;
As permitted by , and to comply with , any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions ; or
For any other purpose to which you consent .
Contests , Promotions , Raffles and Sweepstakes
If you participate in a contest , promotion , raffle or sweepstakes , we will only use your Personal Information to notify you if you win .
We may send you additional commercial communications only if you have specifically requested when filling out the contest or promotion form .
We will share the information you provide us with the entities with which we may have teamed to propose a joint promotion .
We use Session Data to better understand how our Site is navigated to and used , so we can improve our Site 's content and ease of use , personalize and improve your individual viewing experiences on our Site and provide information that may be of interest to you .
We may use service providers to collect Session Data on our behalf .
You may opt-out of certain Session Data being collected while you are using a mobile device by clicking here .
We use pixel tags to monitor the open rate of our communications .
This helps us understand the effectiveness of communications we send .
We do not use this information for any other purpose .
Survey and Focus Groups
When you participate in surveys or focus groups , your participation and responses will be kept confidential and will not be shared with third parties without your permission , except with our service providers .
Aggregated information is information recorded in any form about more than one individual , where the identity of the individual is not known and can not be inferred from the information .
We may use aggregated information to describe our user base to current or potential partners , investors and advertisers ; after a survey , to understand and respond to market needs and preferences ; or to make recommendations to other users of our Site .
For example , if users of our Site who have traveled to a particular destination told us that they had positive experiences at a hotel in that destination , we might recommend that hotel .
What we do NOT do
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , Member ID , password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to us .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority .
For more information about phishing , you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission .
To whom we disclose Personal Information
From time to time , we may disclose your Personal Information as follows :
To those travel service providers with which you make arrangements through our Site , for example airlines , car rental , hotel , ground transportation , theater , attraction or travel insurance .
We provide them with the Personal Information needed to make and complete the booking or reservation ;
To organizations that perform services for or on behalf of CheapTickets , for example to provide customer service , deliver tickets , ship items , process credit cards , for research , marketing , data processing , to measure the use of our Site , to facilitate usage by a visitor or to offer credit card services or evaluate your creditworthiness .
We will share with these companies only that Personal Information which they need to work on our behalf .
Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside the US and outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .Your Personal Information will be provided to these organizations only if they agree to use such information solely for the purpose of providing services to CheapTickets , and under the instructions of CheapTickets , and with respect to that information , to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Privacy Policy .
By submitting your personal data , you agree to the transfer , storing and processing of your data outside the US and outside the EEA ;
We may collaborate with other companies to offer you additional Products or Services , for example , through sweepstakes , raffles and promotions .
We will share Personal Information that is necessary for these other companies to provide the Products or Services that you have requested .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of your Personal Information by these other companies .
We encourage you to read a company 's privacy policy before requesting any of its products or services ;
To protect our Site and our rights under our Site Terms and Conditions ; to protect ourselves against liability or prevent fraudulent activity ; or where it is necessary to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain ;
To effect a corporate transaction , in connection with the sale , merger , spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation , where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business ;
Where the information is public ; or
To our insurers and to regulatory agencies .
Please note that there are circumstances where the use or disclosure of Personal Information may be justified or permitted , or where CheapTickets may be obligated to disclose information without consent .
Such circumstances may include :
If required to comply with a subpoena or warrant issued or an order made by a court , person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information or to comply with the rules of a court relating to the production of records .
If we receive a formal request to disclose your Personal Information in connection with a legal action , we will attempt to contact you about it , if permitted by law , via the e-mail address you provided during registration , before we respond to that request .
If we believe in good faith that a law , regulation , rule or guideline requires it ;
To a person who needs the information because of an emergency that threatens the life , health or security of an identifiable person or group ; or
Where it is necessary to collect monies owing to us .
In order to protect national security and to ensure travel security , the United States Government and other governments may request access to passenger name records , which typically includes name , flight origin , flight destination , flight time , duration of flight , seat location , travel agent , form of payment , credit card numbers , travel itinerary , address , telephone number and meal requests .
In response to such request , CheapTickets and/or its providers will give access to all the information you provide at the time of making the booking to the applicable government agencies of the countries to or from which you are traveling .
How we retain and store Personal Information
My Trips and My Account
If you are a Member , we store your Personal Information in My Trips and My Account .
You can access My Trips and My Account from the home page of our Site , after logging onto our Site .
My Trips contains information about your current , canceled or past trips .
My Account contains your name , e-mail address , e-mail and password settings , and departure city from which you usually travel .
It may also contain other information so that you do not need to re-enter it each time you Book a Product or Service .
For example , My Account may contain your billing information unless you tell us not to store it .
It may also contain your preferences for seat selection or special meals , details about your participation in loyalty or awards programs and applicable membership numbers and other travel preferences .
We also keep in My Account all other information that you have elected to provide us , such as gender , activities and lifestyle preferences and favorite destinations .
You can access , modify or close your account as described in How to access , modify , or close your account .
Third Parties ' Personal Information
We will retain in your My Account , the Personal Information of individuals for whom you have made reservations .
You can access or modify these third parties ' Personal Information at any time , as described in How to access , modify , or close your account .
We will retain your Personal Information in our databases in accordance with our Records Management Policy and applicable laws .
This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us , but it will be only as long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to respond to any issues that may arise later .
For example , we may need or be required to retain information to allow you to obtain credit for a trip you Booked but had to cancel .
We may also need to retain certain information to prevent fraudulent activity ; protect ourselves against liability , permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain ; or if we believe in good faith that a law , regulation , rule or guideline requires it .
Your Personal Information will be stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by CheapTickets , located either at our offices or at the offices of our service providers as described in How we protect Personal Information .
How we protect Personal Information
CheapTickets employs physical , administrative and technical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and integrity of Personal Information and to reduce the risk of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure or modification of Personal Information .
When Personal Information is sent to our service providers , we require in our contracts with them that they protect all Personal Information in a manner consistent with the principles articulated in this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to contact CheapTickets through our Site , you should be aware that any information transmitted electronically via the World Wide Web might not be secure .
CheapTickets assumes no liability for the loss of any information that you transmit to us via the World Wide Web .
However , if you provide your credit card information on our Site 's credit card forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
In communicating with you , we may send e-mail as unencrypted plain text because we are aware that most Members and Guests can not readily process encrypted e-mail .
This is done for your convenience , but with the security concern that , if misrouted or intercepted , it could be read more easily than encrypted e-mail .
How to access , modify or close your Account
We endeavor to ensure that Personal Information is as accurate , complete and current as necessary for the purposes for which we use that information .
We encourage you to visit your account to review your Personal Information .
You can access your Personal Information in My Account and update it or delete inaccuracies , as necessary .
For example , you can change at any time your e-mail address , activities and lifestyle preferences , favorite destinations or your preferences for receiving or not receiving commercial communications .
If you wish to close your account , you can do so by contacting us as indicated in Contact Information .
We will respond to such requests within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above .
If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address , we will respond within a reasonable period of time , but not to exceed 150 days from the date received .
If you request that we close your account , we will promptly do so , to the extent possible .
Once your account is closed , however , you will not be able to use many of the services available on our Site to Members , unless you re-register .
Please remember that we may not be able to honor your request if we are legally obligated to retain information , or for other reasons described in Retention and Storage .
Cookies and pixel tags
A cookie is a small text file that our computer sends to your computer , and that your computer sends back to us each time you make a request from our Site .
A cookie contains a unique identification number that identifies the visitor 's browser , but not necessarily the visitor .
A pixel tag is a small graphic image similar to a cookie .
When you access our Site , we may place cookies , pixel tags or other code on your computer to collect Session Data .
These technologies are used to help us recognize you when you visit our Site again or to help us customize your online experience .
Unless you specifically informs us of your identity ( e.g. , by registering with us or signing into your account using your social media account credentials ) , we will not know who you are .
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can instruct your browser , by editing its options , to stop accepting cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit .
You can learn more about the use of cookies by clicking here or here .
If you decide not to accept our cookies , you will be able to access those parts of our Site that are available to the general public , but you will not be able to access many of Products and Services .
We work with third parties to serve ads on our Site and to serve ads on sites owned or operated by other companies .
Our ad servers , and those of our partners , use cookies and pixel tags in order to anonymously identify your browser .
Some ad companies , such as ad networks , may combine anonymous information obtained in connection with activity on our Site with information obtained from other sources and/or sites .
We do not use or share your Personal Information with our ad servers , media partners or ad networks without your authorization .
We use anonymous Session Data , such as the destination of your search , in order to advertise to you on our Site and on other sites .
We do not sell your Session Data to any other party in connection with our ad programs but we may use it in order to run ads on behalf of others , such as travel suppliers .
For example , we may serve an airline 's ad to you while you are on another site , on behalf of that airline .
In such cases , we use third parties to anonymously identify your browser while on another site .
You can opt-out of this kind of advertising by clicking here and here .
By opting out of this kind of advertising you may still receive ads from CheapTickets or ads from other parties that are broadly targeted ( not on the basis of your Session Data ) .
As part of the registration process we give you the ability to receive commercial communications about Products and Services , updates to our Site and customized advertisements and promotions that are targeted to your specific interests , such as flight specials , promotions , contests , sweepstakes and other travel opportunities available on our Site and/or sponsored by our travel service providers and advertisers .
We send these communications directly ourselves or via service providers .
If you do not opt-out from receiving these communications , we will send them to you .
At any time you may change your selection receive or not receive these by changing your preferences as described in How to access , modify or close your account .
In addition , these communications will include instructions on how to unsubscribe .
CheapTickets may from time to time monitor and review any information transmitted or received through our Site , or through telephone or e-mail communications , for quality assurance and other purposes .
We reserve the right to censor , edit , remove or prohibit the transmission or receipt of any information that CheapTickets deems inappropriate or in violation of our Site Terms and Conditions .
During monitoring the information may be examined , recorded or copied .
When you click on a third party 's link from our Site , or from an ad for a third party served by one of your service providers , you will enter that third party 's site , over which we have no control .
We are not responsible for third party sites .
You should carefully review the privacy statements of any other sites you visit , because those privacy statements will apply to your visit to such other sites and may be very different from this Privacy Policy .
Our Site includes social plug-ins , such as the Facebook or Twitter button , and gives you the option to post information about your activities on our Site to your social media accounts .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social plug-ins are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Changes in Ownership
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We may also undergo a change of ownership .
Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to our Site , as well as to existing information held by us .
If we decide to change this policy in a material way , we will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if we seek to collect , use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those to which consent has been obtained , unless otherwise required or permitted by law .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( at the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective .
If any proposed change is unacceptable to you , you may request that we close your account , as described in How to access , modify or close your account .
CheapTickets has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and CheapTickets ' practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe program only covers information collected through our Site .
If you have questions or concerns about CheapTickets ' privacy practices , you should first contact us .
If contacting us does not resolve your question or concern , you may raise your question or concern with TRUSTe by clicking here .
U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks
CheapTickets complies with the U.S. E.U .
& U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland .
CheapTickets has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
You can learn more about the Safe Harbor Frameworks and view CheapTicket 's certification by clicking here .
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor Frameworks , we have agreed to TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor Frameworks .
If you have complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor Frameworks you should first contact us .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe TRUSTe by clicking here , by fax at 1-415-520-3420 or by mail at TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : CheapTickets ' name , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with CheapTickets .
You can learn more about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process by clicking here or requesting this information from TRUSTe via any of the contact methods listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process will be conducted in English .
For human resources data , we have agreed to cooperate with Data Protection Authorities .
If you have questions or concerns about ( a ) this Privacy Policy , ( b ) the collection , use , management or disclosure of your Personal Information or ( c ) accessing , modifying or closing your account , you may contact us as indicated below .
We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them .
Mail : Trip Network , Inc. ( d/b/a CheapTickets ) , Attn : Customer Service Privacy , 500 West Madison Street , Suite 1000 , Chicago , Illinois 60661
Telephone : 1-888-922-8849 ( within the United States ) or 1-312-596-5786 ( outside the United States )

Cheat Code Central respects your privacy and use of the web .
Usage information may be analyzed in order to evaluate our system 's performance .
Your computer reaches us via a particular IP ( Internet Protocol ) address .
This can reveal the identity of your Internet Service Provider , and their local point-of-presence .
This data is compiled into statistics to show the server load and reveal peak usage .
None of this information is sold or disseminated to outside parties .
The individual web pages from Cheat Code Central that are requested by your browser are recorded in a server log to allow evaluation of our most popular pages , and to reveal the presence of broken links and other request problems .
None of this information is sold or disseminated to outside parties .
Your browser has the ability to use `` cookies '' which , unless you disable their use , store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to various web sites .
When you register for a Cheat Code Central e-mail address , cookies are used to store your login status and preferences .
They also are used to limit the number and frequency of various ads displayed as you browse the site .
Banner , tower , and other ads displayed through our advertising broker may elect to use cookies to prevent the same ad being displayed too many times to the same user , or to identify Cheat Code Central as the site responsible for a `` click-through '' for an advertiser .
However , cookies can not reveal any personal information about you .
None of this information is available to Cheat Code Central , and therefore is not sold or disseminated to outside parties .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on this site , other web sites , and other forms of media .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here and here .
Under Creative Commons License : Attribution Non-Commercial No Derivatives

Put simply : we will NEVER share your information with anyone
This policy covers how Chess.com treats personal information that Chess.com collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Chess.com products and services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Chess.com does not own or control , or to people that Chess.com does not employ or manage .
In addition , certain Chess.com services may have their own associated privacy statements .
Chess.com collects personal information when you register with Chess.com , when you use Chess.com products or services , when you visit Chess.com pages or the pages of certain Chess.com partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes .
Chess.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , zip code , occupation , industry , and personal interests .
Once you register with Chess.com and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
Chess.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , Chess.com cookie information , and the page you request .
Chess.com uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
Chess.com may set and access Chess.com cookies ' on your computer .
Chess.com lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Chess.com 's cookies .
These third-party advertising companies serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over - not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
This includes the DoubleClick DART cookie which enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Notwithstanding any other provision in this policy , in visiting this site , a third-party advertiser ( or its partners ) may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
These cookies enable more customized ads , content or services to be provided to you .
To trigger these cookies , we may pass an encrypted or `` hashed '' ( non-human readable ) identifier corresponding to your email address to a Web advertising partner , who may place a cookie on your computer .
No personally identifiable information is on , or is connected to , these cookies .
You can edit your Chess.com account information at any time .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Chess.com service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Chess.com Newsletter , that are considered part of your Chess.com account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
You can delete your account by contacting Chess.com .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
Chess.com does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Chess.com under confidentiality agreements .
These companies may use your personal information to help Chess.com communicate with you about offers from Chess.com and our marketing partners .
However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Chess.com 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Chess.com is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Chess.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Chess.com may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Chess.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .

Chilling Effects Privacy Policy
The organizations behind the Chilling Effects project share a commitment to free speech and privacy .
We collect only two kinds of information on the Chilling Effects website : ( 1 ) Anonymous use information for statistical purposes , and ( 2 ) information you choose to give us in web forms or by email .
When you browse , read or download information such as weather reports , FAQs , or sample cease and desist notices , only limited , anonymous data is collected
Our server may record the numerical Internet protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the browser software you use and your operating system ; the date and time you access our site ; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to different sections of the site , to diagnose and correct system errors , and to improve the site .
We delete this information after one month .
We do not connect this information to your name or identity .
If your browser sends referer information to our site , we may use that information to provide you with further viewing options and may aggregate that anonymous data for research purposes .
We will not link referer information to your IP address .
We do not use `` cookies '' on this site .
The Chilling Effects project also invites users to submit Cease and Desist notices and to sign up to receive news updates by email
If you use our online forms to submit information ( e.g. , to report receiving a C & D Notice ) you can choose to
Include your contact information ( name , address , phone number , email ) but have it kept confidential by the chilling effects project , or
Include your contact information in the publicly available database .
If you do not include a name or address in your submission , we will not have that information .
If you submit your contact information but ask that it be kept confidential , it will be marked as `` private '' in the cease and desist letter database .
`` Private '' information will be made available only to the attorneys and students working on the project .
If you submit your contact information for inclusion in the publicly available cease & desist letter database it will be available to anyone who visits the site .
We use contact information to compile more accurate statistics on the use of cease and desist notices , and to contact you if we have a question .
We will not use or disclose your information for any other purpose , unless compelled by law ( see below )
It is up to you to decide what information to provide on these forms .
News and updates :
If you sign up to receive news or updates , then we will request your e-mail address .
We will use that address only for the purpose of sending you the requested information .
We will not use or disclose it for any other purpose unless compelled by law .
If you send us an email asking for further information :
If you use the email contact addresses for the clinics that are identified on the web site ( as listed on the `` about us '' page ) , your email will go directly to an attorney at the clinic .
If this email seeks legal advice , we believe that it will be protected by the confidentiality provisions of the attorney-client privilege in the states where the clinics are located .
We will not use or disclose this information for any other purpose unless compelled by law .
( see below )
If you want to get information about you that may be in our records , or if you want us to correct or remove such information :
Law enforcement and other compelled disclosures
In the event that we are required by law ( including a court order ) to disclose the information you submit , we will provide you with notice ( unless we are prohibited ) that a request for your information has been made and give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure .
We will attempt to provide this notice by email , if you have given us an email address , or by postal mail if you have entered a postal address .
We will independently object to over broad requests for access to information about users of our site .
But , whether we can offer legal assistance to you in the case of a disclosure demand will depend on the circumstances .
If you do not challenge the disclosure request we may be legally required to turn over your information .
Here 's how to contact us :
The organizations participating in the Chilling Effects project are :
Berkman Center for Internet & Society
DePaul University College of Law
George Washington University Law School
Samuelson Law , Technology and Public Policy Clinic
Santa Clara University School of Law High Tech Law Institute
Stanford Center for Internet & Society
University of Maine School of Law
USF Law School - IIP Justice Project
Contact information for the individual clinics is listed on the `` about us '' page .
This web site links to documents located on web sites maintained by other organizations .
We do not control the content of those sites .
When you access a document on another web site , you are subject to the privacy policy of that web site .
Last updated : March 21 , 2007

This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 29 , 2010 .
Christianbook.com , LLC ( Christianbook.com ) respects the privacy of users of our website and is committed to disclosing our data collection practices so that users of our website can understand what information is collected and how it is used .
This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from users of our website , how the information we collect is used , under what circumstances we disclose the information we collect , and our users ' choices regarding the information we collect and how it is used and disclosed .
Your use of this website , including visiting any page which is a part of this website , constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
Information is received and collected automatically each time you visit the Christianbook.com site .
We receive and collect your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , the browser and operating system you are utilizing , the date and time of your visit , the pages of the site which you visit , the Internet address of the website from which you linked to our site and any promotion identifiers contained in these links , and the Internet address of any website to which you link from our site .
If you maintain an account with Christianbook.com and log onto the site using such account information , we also receive and collect your user identification number , user name , and password .
We use cookies to automatically receive and collect certain information each time you visit the Christianbook.com site .
Cookies are used on the Christianbook.com website to identify and link users to their shopping cart and to track other user behaviors related to their activities on the Christianbook.com website .
Cookies are small files that contain unique alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive to enable our system to recognize you and your browser .
If you prefer not to allow cookies on your browser , you can find instructions for how to disable cookies in the help section of your browser 's toolbar .
However , please keep in mind this will interfere with certain features on our website , reduce the overall quality of your experience and hinder our ability to improve site functionality over time .
We use pixel tags or web beacons in conjunction with cookies to track what parts of our website were visited , track the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns with third parties and to update our third party analytics .
In the following instances , we may require you to submit personally identifiable information which we receive and collect : ( 1 ) open an account ; ( 2 ) complete and submit an order on our site or from our catalogs ; ( 3 ) request a catalog ; ( 4 ) submit a customer review ; ( 5 ) create a registry with Gift Registry Service ; ( 6 ) enter a contest ; ( 7 ) communicate with customer service ; ( 8 ) conduct a search ; or ( 9 ) subscribe to a newsletter or customer alert .
The information which we may receive and collect in connection with any of these activities includes your name , address , telephone number , fax number , and email address ; credit card information ; names and addresses of the parties to whom product is shipped ; content of reviews and emails sent to us ; and , your password .
We also receive and collect certain information when you communicate to us by telephone , mail , fax , or email .
We may request and receive a confirmation from you when you receive and open an email from us .
How the information we collect is used
We use the information which we collect from you internally for the following purposes : process , track , and fulfill your order ; communicate with you regarding your order ; respond to a request for information ; send you catalogs or promotional information and material ; send you newsletters , customer alerts , and email ; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased ; improve our website ; enhance our customer service ; track customer preferences ; and , improve and enhance our product selection .
We do not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect from you to third parties except as described below .
We share information with our subsidiary and affiliated companies which are owned or controlled by us or which are under common ownership and control as us and with certain third parties to whom we provide goods and/or services which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies .
We also share information with third party services providers , agents , and subcontractors which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies and which provide certain services and goods to us including credit card processing ; online check payment services ; postal and delivery services ; fulfillment services ; data analysis services ; market research ; technology infrastructure ; and , marketing , promotional , and advertising services .
All third parties to whom we provide information have no right to use the information except to the extent necessary in connection with providing goods and/or services to us or our providing goods and services to them .
All such third parties are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information .
We may provide our mailing list ( names , addresses , and/or email addresses ) and information about individual shopping interests to other select companies whose products or services may be of interest to you .
We may also send you catalogs or other promotional materials on behalf of other companies .
See What Are My Choices Regarding My Information ? below for your options regarding these other companies .
We may in the future sell some or all of our assets and/or business units , in which case , customer information may be one of the assets transferred .
We may disclose any information that we collect if required by law or valid order of a court or other governmental authority or to protect the health and safety of our employees or the general public .
How is the information secured
All sensitive information which we receive and collect from you is secured using industry standard security and encryption technology such as Secured Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
This technology prevents information which is transmitted over the Internet from being intercepted and read by unauthorized parties .
All information is stored on secured computers to which access is restricted .
How can I access my information
All of your personal information can be accessed by logging onto Your Account Page of our site .
You may also track orders and recent account activity .
What are my choices regarding my information
Box 7000 , Peabody , MA 01961-7000 .
( Please specify in your correspondence that you do not want to receive future email notices from CBD . )
Box 7000 , Peabody , MA 01961-7000 .
Please specify in your correspondence that you do not wish to receive mailings from CBD .
Please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies .
If you are already receiving unwanted mailings , please provide us with your exact name and address .
Please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies .
If you are already receiving unwanted mailings , please provide us with your exact name and address .
If you purchase products or services from our site without opening an account , you may indicate that you do not wish to receive catalogs , emails , or other communications from us or from other companies during the purchase ordering process .
Please see Information We Collect , above , for information on how to set your browser to deal with Cookies .
If you are under the age of eighteen ( 18 ) years , you may use this web site and purchase products and services through the use of this web site only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian .
Links to other websites and third-party advertisers
Our site includes links to other websites which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies .
These websites are not owned or operated by us and we are not responsible for their actions or activities .
We encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of these websites and advertisers .
We do not provide personally identifiable information to these advertisers or third party websites .
Third party vendors , including Google , may show ads for Christianbook.com on websites across the internet .
Some of these ads may be served based on information collected from the Christianbook.com website through the use of cookies .
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) is a cooperative of online marketing and analytics companies which provides information regarding Internet advertising and marketing companies .
The NAI website provides an opt-out tool which allows consumers to opt-out of the advertising delivered by NAI member companies .
Changes to Privacy Policy
Christianbook.com reserves the right , in its sole discretion , to modify and amend this Privacy Policy in any manner at any time by posting a change notice or new Privacy Policy on our website .

Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy
These Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy ( the `` Terms and Conditions '' ) were last updated on November 24 , 2004
Welcome to ChristianPost.com .
ChristianPost.com does not control , and is not responsible for , any third-party site to which the Web site links .
You agree that your use of the Web site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions .
These Terms and Conditions may be modified at any time and from time to time ; the date of the most recent changes or revisions will appear on this page .
Continued access to the Web site by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Agreement .
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions , please do not use this Web site .
The materials contained on the Web site are provided by ChristianPost.com as a service to you for your noncommercial , personal use on an `` as is , as available '' basis and may be used by you for information purposes only .
You acknowledge that you are using the Web site at your own risk .
ChristianPost.com assumes no responsibility for error or omissions in these materials .
ChristianPost.com makes no commitment to update the information contained herein .
ChristianPost.com makes no , and expressly disclaims any and all , representations or warranties , express or implied , regarding the ChristianPost.com Web site , including without limitation the accuracy , completeness , or reliability of text , graphics , links , products and services , and other items accessed from or via the Web site , or that the Web site will be uninterrupted , error-free , or free of viruses or other harmful components .
No advice or information given by ChristianPost.com or any other party on the Web site shall create any warranty or liability .
ChristianPost.com does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials at the Web site in terms of their correctness , accuracy , timeliness , reliability , or otherwise .
Under no circumstances shall ChristianPost.com or any of its parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , or their respective partners , officers , directors , employees , or agents be held liable for any damages , whether direct , incidental , indirect , special , or consequential , and including , without limitation , lost revenues or lost profits , arising from or in connection with your use , reliance on , or performance of the information on the Web site .
ChristianPost.com periodically schedules system downtime for maintenance and other purposes .
Unplanned outages also may occur .
ChristianPost.com shall have no liability for the resulting unavailability of the Web site or for any loss of data or transactions caused by planned or unplanned system outages , or any outages of webhost providers or the Internet infrastructure and network external to the Web site .
All materials published on the Web site are protected by copyright laws , and may not be reproduced , republished , distributed , transmitted , resold , displayed , broadcast , or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express written permission of either ChristianPost.com or , in the case of content licensed by ChristianPost.com from third parties , the entity that is credited as the copyright holder of such licensed content .
You may download freely accessible material ( one copy per page ) from this Web site for your personal and noncommercial use ; or for ministerial or educational purposes only , without altering or removing any trademark , copyright , or other notice from such material ; you must pay a fee to access articles from our archives and our premium online content .
This permission is granted with the understanding that no more than 1000 copies will be made , the material is distributed free of charge , and that the following credit line appears on each manufactured copy :
`` This article first appeared in the ( insert date ) issue of The Christian Post .
Used with permission . ''
For any other use , advance permission must be obtained from the author .
Please contact the general administrator for copyright permission via our Contact Us page or by sending a letter and self-addressed envelope to the address below :
1919 M Street NW , Suite 100B
Washington , DC 20036
Fax : ( 202 ) 280-1313
In the event you believe that any content posted on the Web site infringes your copyright or other intellectual-property rights , you may notify ChristianPost.com by providing the information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Action of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , 17 U.S.C . 512 , to ChristianPost.com 's copyright administrator :
1919 M Street NW , Suite 100B
Washington , DC 20036
Attention : Intellectual Property Rights
Christianpost.com , through its forums , provides users an opportunity to post content to the Web site .
ChristianPost.com does not necessarily endorse , support , sanction , encourage , or agree with content posted by users .
You shall not post or transmit any unlawful threatening , abusive , libelous , defamatory , obscene , vulgar , pornographic , profane , or indecent information of any kind , including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense , give rise to civil liability , or otherwise violate and local , state , national , or international law , or infringe upon another 's copyright or trademark .
You understand that all information , data , text , software , music , sound , photographs , video , messages , or other materials posted or transmitted in a ChristianPost.com forum , whether publicly posted or privately transmitted , is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated .
This means that you , and not ChristianPost.com , are entirely and solely responsible for all content that you upload , post , or otherwise transmit via the Web site .
ChristianPost.com does not and can not review the content posted by users and is not responsible for such content .
However , ChristianPost.com shall have the right , but not the obligation , to delete , move , or edit any content that violates this agreement or is otherwise objectionable as determined by ChristianPost.com in its sole discretion and without notice .
Furthermore , Christianpost.com reserves the right to terminate , without notice , subscriber 's access for any activity related to threatening to injure , intimidate , interfere with , oppress or otherwise coerce any other person in connection with the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege guaranteed to him or her under the United States or any national or state constitution on account of race , color , religion , ancestry , national origin , disability , gender or sexual orientation or because the subscriber perceives that another has one or more of these characteristics .
This includes , but is not limited to , threats to inflict evil , injury or damage on another individual .
If you upload , post , or otherwise transmit content to the Web site , you acknowledge that any such submissions may be edited , removed , modified , published , transmitted , and displayed by ChristianPost.com in any medium now existing or hereinafter invented , and for any purpose , including commercial uses .
You waive any moral rights you may have in having the material edited , removed , modified , published , transmitted , or displayed in a manner not agreeable to you .
You agree to indemnify ChristianPost.com and its parents , subsidiaries , and affiliates , and each of their respective partners , officers , directors , employees , and agents , against , and to hold each of them harmless from , any and all claims and liabilities ( including attorney 's fees ) that may arise from your submissions , from your unauthorized use of material obtained from the Web site , from your breach of these Terms and Conditions , and from any such acts arising through your use of the Web site .
Christianpost.com reserves the right to release subscriber information to comply with an investigation into any activity which violates these terms , and may report such activity to the appropriate authorities .
Third Party Content Provider Notices
Third Party Content Provider Notices
AFP text , photo , and graphic material shall not be published , broadcast , rewritten for broadcast or publication , or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium .
Neither the AFP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use .
AFP will not be held liable for any delays , inaccuracies , errors , or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing .
Associated Press text , photo , and graphic material shall not be published , broadcast , rewritten for broadcast or publication , or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium .
Neither the AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use .
AP will not be held liable for any delays , inaccuracies , errors , or omissions there from or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing .
Purchasers of premium online content are not permitted to share , distribute , sell , or otherwise transfer their password to other individuals .
The password is for the purchaser 's sole use .
Significant or unusual use of a single password ( including but not limited to significant use of a single password on multiple computers ) could result in suspension of that password .
Premium online content is protected by copyright laws , and may not be reproduced , republished , distributed , transmitted , resold , displayed , broadcast , or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express written permission of ChristianPost.com .
ChristianPost.com is committed to providing visitors to its site with as many features as possible .
The companies that ChristianPost.com selects as featured services providers offer products and services that site visitors may find useful .
ChristianPost.com in certain cases may have a business relationship with certain third parties that it selects as a featured service providers .
ChristianPost.com is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any advice or information given , or of any statement made , by the companies providing featured services , or for the content , services , products , or advertising on or available from their Web sites , or for the availability and operations of their Web sites .
You agree that any claim , action , or proceeding arising out of these Terms and Conditions , or your use of the Web site , shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Washington DC applicable to contracts to be wholly performed therein , and any action based on or alleging a breach of this Agreement must be brought in a state or federal court in Washington DC .
In addition , you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts .
This privacy policy applies to the Web site only and does not cover information collected on any third-party sites to which this Web site links .
This privacy policy is part of , and must be read in conjunction with , the Web site 's Terms and Conditions .
You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here .
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions in their entirety , please do not use this Web site .
ChristianPost.com generally collects personally identifiable information such as a name , postal address , E-mail address , telephone number , or credit card information with your specific knowledge and consent .
How does the Web site use information supplied by me ?
Occasionally , visitors to our Web site may be asked to supply certain personally identifying information , which is then retained by ChristianPost.com .
For example , we ask you for certain information if you choose to subscribe to our E-mail newsletters , register with our online discussion forums , or purchase either articles from our archives or our premium online content .
If you choose to give us personally identifying information at such time , such information will be retained by us and used only to provide you with products or services you have requested , or with additional information from ChristianPost.com about ChristianPost.com , its affiliates , or selected outside companies whose products or services we feel may be of use to you .
Any information from selected outside companies will be transmitted by ChristianPost.com so that such companies will not have access either to your E-mail address or to your other personally identifying information .
Moreover , we will not sell or rent any personally identifying information obtained through the Web site to any other company or organization .
If , at some point after giving ChristianPost.com your personally identifying information , you do not wish to continue to receive additional information from ChristianPost.com about ChristianPost.com , its affiliates , or selected outside companies , in general , you may opt out by submitting a request via our Contact Us page with the words `` remove my name '' in the subject line of your E-mail ; in the case of our E-mail newsletters , you also may follow the procedures at our E-mail newsletter registration page .
From time to time , the personally identifying information that you provide to us may be shared with our suppliers or service providers who assist us in maintaining and managing our newsletters , our archives , our premium online content , our online discussion forums , and other activities on the Web site .
Such suppliers or service providers may use your personally identifying information only in the course of providing services to ChristianPost.com , but they may not use such information for other purposes .
While your individual information is protected as discussed above , ChristianPost.com reserves the right to use such individual information to create aggregated , anonymous data about users in order to develop statistics about activity on and visitors to the Web site .
In addition , ChristianPost.com may disclose personal information if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Web site ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety , property , or rights of our users or the public .
What are `` cookies '' and how do you use them ?
`` Cookies '' are pieces of information that are placed by a Web site in a storage place on your computer .
Cookies do not contain information that is , in itself , personally identifying .
ChristianPost.com places cookies on your computer in a limited way to help deliver advertisements , to calculate unique site visitors , and to track usage throughout our site .
Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for users of our E-mail newsletters , our archives , our premium online content , and our online discussion forums .
In addition , some advertisers may place cookies on your computer .
We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers .
How is my credit card information used when I make a purchase ?
When you make a purchase , we ask you to provide your credit card information so that we can process your payment .
During the ordering process , such credit card information is transmitted to ChristianPost.com ( in the case of our premium online content ) or ( in the case of our archives , subscriptions , and mail order products ) to one of our suppliers or service providers .
In both cases , credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that must use your information to process your order .
Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information .
In general , ChristianPost.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible .
If you believe the Web site has any information about anyone under 13 , please contact us via our Contact Us page .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .

Web Site Privacy Policy
General Inquiries : For general inquiries , contact the Houston Chronicle operator at ( 713 ) 362-7171 .
Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy
( a ) This privacy policy describes how Houston Chronicle Publishing Company , a division of Hearst Newspapers , LLC , publisher of the Houston Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Newspaper '' ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
( a ) Information You Provide .
Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
( b ) Cookies .
( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
( c ) Gifs .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
( d ) IP Address .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
( e ) Location Information .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
( f ) Third Parties .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newpaper .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising .
( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations : ( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper .
( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
( b ) Social Networks .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
( c ) Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
One of oour third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC .
The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry .
( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content .
( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights..
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
( b ) Mobile Opt-out .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
( e ) Exceptions .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
( f ) Device Settings .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
Last Update : August 21 , 2013

Web User Privacy Policy
Welcome to Commission Junction , Inc. ( hereinafter `` Commission Junction '' , `` CJ '' , `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
All references to `` Commission Junction '' , `` CJ '' , `` we '' or `` us '' in this Privacy Policy shall refer only to Commission Junction , Inc .
At Commission Junction , privacy is a top priority and we provide this Privacy Policy to outline our practices and procedures with respect to information collection and use to enable you to make an informed decision about sharing information with us .
Commission Junction is an advanced performance marketing solutions company , and we may deliver and/or work with advertisements delivered to the websites you visit or via other marketing channels .
All other ValueClick , Inc. entities are governed by separate privacy policies found on such entities ' respective websites .
Commission Junction is a subsidiary of ValueClick , Inc. , and ValueClick , Inc. is a member of the Digital Policy Forum , which works to address important privacy and consumer protection issues in emerging media .
Please read this policy carefully because by visiting this website or domain or other Commission Junction Websites or domains ( `` Website '' ) and/or sharing information with us , you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy .
The Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us .
This page was last updated as of the date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
We have included a table summarizing our practices solely for your convenience and reference purposes .
This table , however , is not an exhaustive description of our privacy practices and should not be construed to define , limit , and/or describe the scope or extent of our Privacy Policy .
As a result , we urge you to read the entire Privacy Policy .
You may click on the terms to the left of most of the summaries below to link to more information .
Information NOT Collected - PII
We do not collect personally identifiable information ( data collected with an intention to identify and/or contact a person such as name , address , telephone number or e-mail address ) ( hereinafter `` PII '' ) , except as expressly provided for herein .
PII may be collected should a consumer contact Commission Junction on his/her own initiative or respond to a Commission Junction advertisement and provide such PII .
Information Collected - Non-PII
The non-personally identifiable information we collect may include as an example , IP address , browser types , operating systems , domain names , language preference , access dates and times , referring website addresses , online transactions and browsing and search activity .
How Information is Used
We may use your Non-PII ( `` Information '' ) for the following general purposes : enhancement of our services ; marketing ; and to more effectively match advertisements and website content to your interests .
We may share your Information with third party service providers we have contracted with , ValueClick , Inc. , and its subsidiaries and affiliates ( `` Value Click Entities '' ) , third party marketing partners , business partners and our clients , and as expressly provided for herein .
You may regulate the use of cookies and the associated collection of your Information through your browser settings .
We use reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your data .
We may change the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Website along with the date such Privacy Policy was last updated .
Commission Junction , Inc. , Privacy Officer , 30699 Russell Ranch Road , Suite 250 , Westlake Village , CA 91362 .
As part of our on-going efforts to ensure the best possible experience for all recipients of Commission Junction advertising , we may use log files , web beacons and cookies ( defined below ) to collect and store data from browsers , advertiser and third party sites ( `` Sites '' ) to aggregate Information .
The Information collected is used for marketing purposes , enables us to determine which advertisements perform well , allows us to more effectively match advertisements and website content to your interests , if necessary , assists us in improving the operation of our services , helps us to maintain the quality of our services , enhances our services to our business partners and clients and enables us to provide general statistics to our business partners and clients regarding use of Commission Junction 's services .
`` Log files '' store tracked actions occurring on Sites and collect data including your IP address , browser type , referring url , request url , user agent , browser accept language , platform type , and date/time stamp ( for clicks and sales/leads only ) , which make up click , impression , and sales/lead data , advertisements viewed , and any other data that comes from interaction with Commission Junction 's network .
`` Web beacons '' are objects that are embedded in a web page or e-mail and are usually invisible to the user but are used to track a web user 's navigation of a website or collection of websites or pages , interaction with an e-mail , the completion of transactions , submittal of applications and browsing behavior .
There are many misconceptions about Cookies , some of which we will try to address in this policy .
Cookies can not erase your hard drive or otherwise damage your computer and do not tell us an e-mail address or any other PII .
Commission Junction does not and can not use Cookies or web beacons to retrieve PII from your computer .
Cookies are used to improve the experience web users have when they see web advertisements .
When a consumer responds to or views an Internet advertisement served by Commission Junction ( such as through third-party Web sites or email solicitation ) or visits a Commission Junction Network site , we send a Cookie and/or gif file to assign an anonymous , unique identifier to the end user 's Internet browser .
One function of these Cookies is to provide Commission Junction with information for the purpose of paying third-parties commissions when an Internet user clicks on a link , creates a lead , or makes a purchase on an advertiser 's Web site .
If the Internet user re-visits the advertiser 's site directly , Commission Junction is able to continue to track the user 's activities ( excluding PII ) on the advertiser 's site and reward the third-party Web site that referred the user .
We may use Cookies to estimate the total reach of an advertising campaign , as well as frequency of display .
This allows advertisers to determine with greater accuracy the composition of the audience they reach .
Cookies may also be used to control the delivery of a series of advertisements to a web browser , and to limit the number of times a web browser receives any one advertisement .
We also may use Internet browsing and online purchase data associated with an anonymous identifier to develop a predictive statistical user profile of the end user 's needs and interests .
We reserve the right to retain all ad delivery and reporting data as long as may be reasonably necessary for accounting and audit purposes .
There are two classes of Cookies based on how long they remain on an internet enabled device : ( i ) `` Session Cookies , '' which are used only during a web user 's visit to a website or web page and are erased once such user closes the browser , and ( ii ) `` Persistent Cookies , '' which remain on a web user 's browser for no more than 5 years from a user 's last interaction with an advertisement .
Information Shared by Commission Junction
Commission Junction will only share your Information for the limited purposes provided for in this Privacy Policy .
This may include sharing Information ( 1 ) to enable third party service providers to assist or facilitate in the services we provide to our clients ; ( 2 ) to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to a subpoena , search warrant or other lawful request for information received by us , whether or not a response is required by applicable law ; ( 3 ) to enforce our terms of use and other agreements or to protect our rights ; ( 4 ) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service ; ( 5 ) with other ValueClick Entities and third party marketing partners ( including advertisers and publishers ) for marketing purposes ; ( 6 ) with vendors , administrative service providers , technology providers , and carefully selected partners for data validation , enhancement , information verification and suppression services ; or ( 7 ) for any other purpose for which you provide consent .
We may share Information with other ValueClick Entities , advertisers , publishers and other third parties for marketing purposes and online behavioral advertising , but such Information does not include PII ; provided , however , such ValueClick Entities , advertisers , publishers and other third parties may combine such Information with any PII that you may choose to give in registering and transacting with their websites and other platforms , and such information and PII may be sent through Commission Junction to the relevant ValueClick Entities , advertisers , publishers and other third parties .
With respect to online behavioral advertising , we , the ValueClick Entities and other third parties may use non-personally identifiable information collected or shared with respect to your visits to websites we have relationships with for various purposes , including , but not limited to providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
Typically a cookie or third party web beacon is used to collect this information .
While Commission Junction chooses its business partners and clients carefully and strongly encourages them to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing , Commission Junction is not responsible for the information and privacy practices of such third parties .
The collection , use , and disclosure of information by clients and partners are subject to their respective privacy policies , which may differ from this Privacy Policy .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third parties to determine how they handle any information they receive .
In the event that Commission Junction is acquired by or merged with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your Information is treated , transferred , or used .
Information Collected by Third Party Sites
Please be aware that our website , the websites of our advertiser and publisher clients as well as the websites on which we place advertisements or any third party websites linked to one of our sites also may collect information from you for various purposes , including , but not limited to providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
Such information collected by such websites and their affiliated or third party partners may include non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with such website .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully , Commission Junction is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of such third parties to determine how they handle any information they collect from you .
You will have the option of blocking the use of Cookies by changing a setting in your Internet browser .
Please see your browser supplier 's Web site for details on how to do this .
In order to opt-out of CJ tracking you can delete cookies stored in your browser under the emjcd.com , kdukvh.com , qksrv.net , commission-junction.com , pkracv.com , and apmebf.com domains .
FOR EUROPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS .
The European Union ( `` EU '' ) maintains strict privacy laws .
These rules differ significantly from the laws of the United States of America ( `` U.S. '' ) .
To reconcile these differences , the U.S and the EU have created a safe harbor that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations ( `` U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework '' ) .
The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor ( U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework ) .
Commission Junction complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , Commission Junction , Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
Commission Junction , Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
Commission Junction employs appropriate measures to ensure the security of all Information , and we routinely evaluate our practices to identify security threats or opportunities for the improvement of our services .
No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors may compromise data security .
You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us .
As the standards governing Internet privacy continue to evolve , Commission Junction may find it appropriate or necessary to update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
As a result , we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and shall post such changes on the Website .
Our Website will state the date the Privacy Policy was last updated .
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use this Website to make sure you understand how your information will be used .
Commission Junction is very sensitive to the issue of the privacy rights of children .
Commission Junction Websites and services generally are neither developed for , nor directed at , children .
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
You also agree that you have provided notice to , and obtained consent from , any third party individuals whose Information you supply to us with regard to : ( a ) the purposes for which such third party 's Information has been collected ; ( b ) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party 's Information ; ( c ) which of the third party 's data are obligatory and which data , if any , are voluntary ; and ( d ) how the third party can access and , if necessary , rectify the data held about him/her .
It is the express wish of the parties that the Privacy Policy and all related documents have been drawn up in the English language and that the English version of this Privacy Policy shall be the sole version used in interpreting and enforcing this Privacy Policy .
C'est la volont expresse des parties que la prsente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rdigs en anglais .

Memory Lane , Inc. , d/b/a Classmates.com
Last Updated : October 2 , 2013
Memory Lane , Inc. , d/b/a Classmates.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our members ' personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of our information practices related to the information that you provide when using our services , including :
Collection and Use of Your Information
Changing , Correcting or Removing Your Information
The Security of Your Information
A Note About International Users
A Special Note About the Privacy of Minors
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Please remember that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do n't own or control or to people that we do n't employ or manage .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website and service that collects personal information about you .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information that we collect about you as a user of the services provided via the Classmates.com website ( the `` Website '' ) and/or various applications and tools that we operate on third party websites and devices , such as Facebook , smartphones or tablets ( such services offered through the Website , applications or tools collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Service .
Each time you use the Services , you signify that you have read , understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue using the Services and terminate your membership .
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
When you register for Services directly on the Website , you may be required to provide certain information , such as your name , maiden name ( if applicable ) , mailing address and/or zip code , email address , phone number , birth date or year , marital status , password , and one or more community affiliations ( such as with a school or college ) .
You may also be presented with the option to register for the Services using your Facebook login credentials or similar login processes or co-registration forms from or on other third party websites , in which case you will be authorizing us to access certain information from your current profile on Facebook or other third party website ( which will be specified in such login process ) for purposes of completing your registration .
In addition , when you install certain of our applications on Facebook or other third party websites or devices , you will also be registering for the Services by agreeing to such installation , which takes place when you `` accept '' , `` install '' or `` allow '' ( or similar language ) such application .
Each such application includes a disclosure that this registration will occur upon the acceptance , installation or allowance of the application .
Please keep in mind that , although much of the information described above will not be viewable by other members , once you are registered your name , community affiliations and years associated with those affiliations will be displayed on the Website and you will no longer be anonymous to us or to other individuals who access the Website .
In addition , because this information is publicly displayed on the Website , it may be included in the Website `` search '' tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2 ( i ) below .
We may also publicly display your general geographic location based upon the zip code or other geographical information provided to us , as another means of assisting members in finding each other .
However , you have the option of opting out of having your general geographic location publicly displayed by accessing your privacy settings on the Website and changing your preferences .
In addition , some of our Services may only be accessible if , based on information you have provided to us , you have an affiliation related to our Services .
When You Accept an Application
Some third party websites , such as Facebook , provide their users with access to applications or other tools , such as `` social login '' , which allow that website 's users to share certain personal information with us .
When you accept or allow one of our applications or use another tool to create a connection between us and Facebook or other third party website , you authorize us to collect , store and use ( in accordance with this Privacy Policy ) all information that you agreed Facebook or other third party website could provide to us , which may include such things as your email address , birthday , profile and other photos , school and work affiliations , location , interests , activities and friend information .
This authorization may also include the ability to continue to collect such information from Facebook or other third party website on an ongoing basis .
If you choose to remove or delete any such application on , or otherwise break our connection with your account on , Facebook or other third party website , we will no longer be able to continue to collect your information from that website .
However , deletion or removal of such application does not delete your account from the Website , and we will continue to store and use information that we have previously collected .
You can of course edit or delete your profile information on the Website at any time ( see Section 3 below ) .
In addition , acceptance of one of our applications may authorize us to automatically post information to your profile on Facebook or other third party website about certain of your activities , such as looking at a reunion , joining a community affiliation , viewing a yearbook , tagging someone in a yearbook , becoming a reunion organizer , updating the details of a reunion , responding to a reunion invitation or tagging someone as `` remembered '' .
We may also provide you with the option to post additional information about your activities or information you have found through the Services to your profile on Facebook or other third party website .
When You `` Surf '' the Website
As is the case with most standard website servers , we use and maintain the information that we obtain from and through your browser on our server logs .
This information can include Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , Internet service provider ( `` ISP '' ) , and other data .
We may use this information to analyze trends , administer the Services , track user movement , detect fraud or other types of abuse , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We may associate this information with your information to resolve technical issues , support security for our users , and take action on any activity that may violate this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service .
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored in a browser-related file on your computer or other device .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer or device , and are read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
We link cookies to your unique registration number and use them to enhance and personalize your experience on the Services , including helping authenticate you when you use the Services , remembering your preferences and registration information , and customizing the content and advertisements provided to you via the Services .
For example , storing a cookie on your computer or device allows you to login without typing the registered email address or registration number and password .
We also use cookies to deliver information and content specific to your interests through the Services .
We ( or our third party service providers ) may also use cookies to target advertisements for the Services that you may view when visiting other websites .
If you do not want these cookies stored on your computer or device you can delete and/or reject cookies by modifying your Internet browser setting accordingly ( each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences ) .
However , if you choose to delete and/or reject cookies , you may not be able to sign in or use certain portions of the Services .
Please also note that certain types of emails available through the Services may automatically log you into the Services and/or set new cookies when you click on the links in the emails and that you may need to manually remove such cookies if you do not want them to be stored on your computer or device .
See Section 2 ( d ) below for additional information about cookies in regards to our use of third party ad servers .
A web beacon ( also known as a clear gif ) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier that is placed on a web page or within an email .
It is similar in function to a cookie , and is used to collect a limited set of information , such as a cookie number , time and date of page view , and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides .
We ( and our third party advertisers ) may use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them .
This information helps us better manage content available on the Services by informing us about what content is effective and of interest to users .
In addition , we may use web beacons in our promotional email messages to keep track of how many messages and which emails have been opened and acted upon .
This use allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and our marketing campaigns .
We associate web beacons with individual members for internal purposes only , in an effort to understand our members ' individual preferences with our email products..
When You Purchase a Product or Paid Service from Us
If you choose to purchase a product or paid Service from us , you may be required to provide us with certain personal contact information , such as your name , email address and billing address .
We may also require other information necessary for you to receive the product , access the paid Service and/or process any applicable payment , such as a credit card or debit card number , card security code and expiration date .
We may use the information that you provide to us to bill you for products and paid Services you request , or to notify you of additional products and paid Services we may offer .
When you sign-up for a product or paid Service , you are consenting to our delivery of this information to our service providers , which may include banks and credit card companies that we use to process a transaction or other third parties who may provide all or a portion of the underlying product or paid Services on our behalf .
See Section 2 ( f ) below for additional information about sharing your information with our service providers .
We may also show your membership status through the Services so that other members can see what options they have to contact or communicate with you .
When You Use Member-to-Member Communications
We have developed a `` double-blind '' email system , which hides the email addresses to protect the privacy of both the sender and receiver when a member sends another member an email through the Services .
When using these member-to-member communications , it is up to you to choose when you are comfortable disclosing your email address , or any other personal contact information , to others .
We respect the privacy of these member-to-member communications and do not read or disclose them unless we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of this Privacy Policy and/or our Terms of Service , or as otherwise permitted or required under Section 2 ( h ) below .
Please keep in mind that you will not be able to delete , revise or otherwise recover any message that you send once it has been sent .
When You Use Comment Fields , Message Boards , Events or Other Public Forums
Information and content submitted to comment fields , message boards , events and other public forums on the Services are displayed publicly , so please exercise care in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose .
Because this information is publicly displayed through the Services , it may be included in the Services search tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2 ( i ) below .
Please keep in mind that , because of the interactive nature of these forums , in many cases you will not be able to remove or revise the information or content that you submit in these areas of the Services and such information or content may remain on the Services even if your membership is terminated .
To protect the privacy of our members , we do not allow the public posting of personal contact information .
We have the right , but not the obligation , to monitor any activity and content within the comment fields , message boards , events and other public forums on the Services .
Please review our `` Community Guidelines '' ( found in our Terms of Services ) for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas .
When You Use `` Invite-A-Friend '' , `` Email this Page '' or Other Email Referral Services
If you elect to use any of our referral services for informing friends via email about the Services or any portion thereof , you will be asked to provide your friends ' names and email address .
We will then automatically send your friends a one-time email , plus a reminder email if you so choose ( each of which will usually include your name and email address ) inviting them to visit the Services .
We ask for this information for the sole purpose of sending these emails and tracking the success of our email referral program .
When You Build a Personal Profile
We have created tools to enable you to build a personal profile to share as much information about yourself as you wish .
Except as otherwise noted , when you use a specific profile tool all information that you add to your profile is publicly viewable and may be included in the Services search tools and on third party websites and devices as described in Section 2 ( i ) below .
For this reason , please use care in providing information that you may not want to publicly disclose .
To protect the privacy of our members , we do not allow the public posting of personal contact information .
Additionally , please see the Community Guidelines in our Terms of Service for more information regarding the limitations on the types of information that you may post on your personal profile and elsewhere on the Services .
As provided in our Terms of Service , we may use the information you provide in your profile in a variety of our products and features , such as affiliation-specific emails .
This enables us to provide our members with information in a more personalized fashion .
If you feel that a profile depicting you or your likeness has been created without your consent , please contact Member Care to request its removal .
When You View Other Members ' Profiles
We give you the ability to find other members and view their personal profiles by browsing the affiliation lists , clicking on or hovering over a tagged name or photo in a yearbook , using the search functionality on the Services , or otherwise providing a link on the Website or in an email that takes you to a member 's profile .
Every time that you visit another member 's profile , your name and the date of your visit will be viewable by that member as someone who visited that member 's profile unless you remove that specific visit or choose to opt out of having your name automatically left on other members ' profiles , which you can do by accessing the `` Account '' section on the Website and changing your preferences .
If you opt out of automatically having your name left on other members ' profiles , you will still have the ability to leave your name on specific members ' profiles on an individual basis .
When You Participate in Surveys
From time-to-time we may request information from our users via surveys relating to the Services or on behalf of our affiliates or third party advertisers .
When you participate in a survey , we may request personal contact information ( such as your name and email address ) or demographic information ( such as your zip code , age or income level ) .
We conduct surveys relating to the Services in order to target advertising and content and to better understand members ' needs and opinions .
We may share , in aggregate form , information we collect from these surveys with our advertisers , partners , affiliates and the general public , but we will not share survey information containing personally identifiable information with any third party without your prior consent .
Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary , such that you have the choice of whether you wish to disclose the requested information .
When You or Third Parties Contact Us
If you contact us by phone , email or letter , we may keep a record of such correspondence .
Thus , if you report an issue with the Services , we may collect such information in a file specific to your membership account .
Moreover , if you contact us through our feedback area , we require your name and email address in order to send you a reply .
Additionally , if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Services , we may keep the information in a file specific to you .
How We May Supplement Your Information
In order for us to provide all of the products and Services that are available to you as a member of the Services , it may be necessary for us from time to time to supplement the information we receive through your use of the Services with information from third party resources .
For example , we may obtain updated email address information from email-change-of-address vendors or purchase third party marketing data and address information and add it to our existing database to better target our advertising and provide pertinent offers we think you would be interested in .
We only share your personal information with others when we have your permission or under the types of circumstances described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , we limit access to your personal information to only those employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or Services to you or to do their jobs .
We may provide you with offers of products and services available from other companies , such as our marketing partners and companies that are affiliated with us ( `` affiliates '' ) , through the Services .
Whether or not you decide to participate in any such offer is up to you .
If you sign-up for or purchase a product or service from a third party which requires you to submit personally identifiable information , you are also consenting to our delivery of this information to that party .
The offer will notify you if any personally identifiable information will be shared .
Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices .
We do not control these third parties and you agree that we are not liable for their acts or any failure to act on their part .
As noted above , we may use your information to provide you with advertisements that are targeted to your specific needs and interests .
These advertisements link directly to third party websites or services .
We have no control over the content or privacy policies of such websites or services , and therefore we encourage you to review such content and policies prior to submitting any personal information to them .
We do share certain aggregate information , such as demographic information and the number of times that our members have viewed an advertisement , with our third party advertisers .
This information is not linked with any personally identifiable information , and we do not provide any such information to third party advertisers except as otherwise noted in Section 2 ( b ) above .
We may use aggregated , statistical information to describe our membership and to establish advertising and other business relationships with third parties .
We may serve you with targeted advertisements based on your personal information , but we do not provide any of your personal information to an advertiser or any third party with the exception of those uses expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
However , if you click an advertisement on the Services , then you consent to the possibility that the advertiser may assume that you meet the targeting criteria , if any , that we use to display such advertisement and , as described above , you will be subject to the advertiser 's privacy policy and information collection practices .
Third Party Ad Servers and Networks
We may allow other companies , called third party ad servers or ad networks , to display advertisements on the Services .
Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer or other device .
Doing this allows them to recognize your computer or device each time they send you an online advertisement .
In this way , ad networks may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer or device , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on .
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
We may share certain limited categories of information about you , such as your gender , age or geographic location , with ad networks to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks .
We do not have access to or control over the cookies that may be placed by these parties on your computer or device , and have no control over these parties ' privacy policies or information collection practices .
If you would like to learn more about targeted advertising served by ad networks and your ability to opt out from receiving such advertising from ad networks , click here .
We may run contests , sweepstakes and other promotions on the Services in which we may request entrants to provide personal information .
In some cases , entrants may be required to answer survey questions about a range of topics .
We use the information collected in the entry form to verify the entrant 's identity and age and to communicate with the entrant .
We will not share any of the entrant 's personal information with any third party except to service providers ( if any ) as described below , as disclosed at the time of entry , if you are a contest winner , or as may be required by law .
We may make information about entrants available in aggregated form to advertisers , partners and the general public .
We may use one or more third parties or affiliates to provide specific services on our behalf , including sending emails to our members , conducting member surveys , processing transactions , providing all or a portion of an underlying product or Service on our behalf , or performing statistical analysis of the Services or data relating thereto .
In these cases , we may provide your personal information to these service providers as needed for the Service to be provided .
However , these third parties or affiliates are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from retaining , sharing , storing or using this information for any other purposes .
We may provide certain portions of your information , such as your e-mail address or name , back to your Internet service provider ( `` ISP '' ) if we have an existing advertising relationship with them .
This is done to allow them to target or discontinue your exposure to our advertisements , once you have become a participating member of the Services .
As part of our agreement with your ISP , they will be required to maintain this information in a confidential manner and use it solely for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
In the event that we ( or our parent corporation ) go through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition , liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets , our members ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
Members may be notified of any such business transition via email and/or notice on the Services .
Legal Matters ; Protection of Rights , Property and Interests ; Safety
We may , without your consent , access and disclose your personal information , any communications sent or received by you , and any other information that we may have about you or your account : as may be permitted or required by law , regulation , rule or court order ; pursuant to requests from governmental , regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities ; or to prevent , investigate , identify persons or organizations potentially involved in , or take any action regarding suspected fraud , violations of our Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Service , or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability .
Additionally , we may disclose your personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that your personal information in any way relates to that threat .
Display of Information on Third Party Websites and Devices
Any of your personal information that is publicly displayed on the Services may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a member of the Services and potentially for some time period after your membership is terminated , depending upon the search engine 's indexing practices .
Some or all of this same information may also be displayed in the results of searches on third party websites that provide people search and other similar services in order to make it easier for people to find you on the Services .
If you do not wish to have your information displayed on these search engines or other third party websites , you can opt out by removing your account from the Services .
In addition , we may create applications or other tools for use on various third party websites and devices , such as Facebook , smartphones or tablets , through which certain portions of your information that is publicly displayed on the Services may be shown to the users of those websites or devices who are not members of the Services .
If you do not wish to have your personal information appear through these applications or tools , you can opt out of having your personal information used in this way by accessing the `` Account '' or similar section on the Website and changing your preferences .
Please note that the foregoing opt-out does not remove your personal information from any applications or tools where it is displayed directly by us , is only viewable to other logged-in members of the Services , and is not shared with other third parties .
CHANGING , CORRECTING OR REMOVING YOUR INFORMATION
We provide you with ways in which you can update your personal information .
To make changes to such information as your name , birth date , mailing address , email address , password and payment information , please login to the Services and go to the `` Account '' or similar section on the Services .
We also provide you with certain privacy settings , which can generally be accessed as described above or within specific features of the Services .
In addition , you can go to your profile on the Services , where you can edit various pieces of information or content that you submitted to the Services .
If you have questions about updating your information , please visit the Help section on the Services .
We will retain your personal information for as long as your membership is in place or as needed to provide you the Services .
If you wish to have your membership canceled for any reason , please click here .
If you have any problems canceling your membership , please request assistance from Member Care .
Upon the cancellation of your membership , we will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
As a member of the Services , you will receive our customary business communications ( e.g. , emails facilitating , completing or confirming your registration , upgrade or other transaction , providing you notice of new or updated products or features , alerting you to member-to-member communications or other member activity relating to your membership , or other administrative messages ) .
We may also send certain `` welcome '' messages that are informational and provide useful details about your membership or product usage instructions when you sign up for a membership or begin using a particular service .
In addition , upon registration you may be automatically enrolled in one or more of our regularly recurring email subscription programs .
You may also choose to participate in other email subscription programs that we may make available to you .
We also may send you communications regarding special offers or other promotional material for our products or Services or those of our affiliated companies or advertisers .
We may send all of these communications to the primary email address that you provide to us , any secondary email address that you may have provided to us if we have determined that your primary email address appears to no longer be valid or otherwise functioning properly , or any email address that we receive as described in Section 1 ( b ) or 1 ( l ) .
We may also send these communications to your inbox on the Services .
While we reserve the right to send you our customary business communications , `` welcome '' messages and other transactional emails without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them , we do provide you with the opportunity to select whether or not you wish to continue to receive our subscription-based or commercial emails .
Each subscription-based email communication from us contains instructions on how you can remove yourself from the mailing list for that specific email subscription program , and each commercial email contains instructions on how you can opt out of receiving further commercial emails from us .
Except for schoolFeed subscription based emails ( which contain unsubscribe links within the emails themselves ) , you can also update your email preferences by logging onto the `` Account '' section on the Services .
Please keep in mind that any changes that you make to your email preferences may take up to ten ( 10 ) business days to process and that each subscription-based email and all commercial emails have their own separate opt-out processes .
If you have questions about changing your email preferences , please visit the Help section on the Services .
THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We have instituted physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to store and maintain your personal information in a secure environment .
For example , highly confidential information , such as a credit card or debit card number , is encrypted before being transmitted through the Services .
You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on the Services where certain types of your personal information can be changed or deleted .
It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password , to emails which we may send you , and to your computer or other device .
You take full responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of your password .
Furthermore , while we have implemented safeguards , you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes .
We can not guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your personal information from the threats of tomorrow .
You should also be aware that despite our efforts , factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of your personal information .
Accordingly , we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances .
A NOTE ABOUT INTERNATIONAL USERS
We collect , process and maintain your personal information in the United States , where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country .
If you are using the Services from outside of the United States , by providing your personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy .
A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT THE PRIVACY OF MINORS
Minors ( those under 18 ) are not eligible to use the Services , and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us or use the Services .
We will not knowingly allow minors to become members .
If we later learn that a minor is a member , then that minor 's membership will be terminated .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed .
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here , by email ( sent to the primary email address specified in your account ) , or by means of a notice on the Website for a period of not less than thirty ( 30 ) days prior to the change .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
We have been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response , you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe program covers the information collected on the Website .

Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) Website Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
We 're telling you about the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) website privacy policy so you know what information we collect , why we collect it , and what we do with it .
This policy covers the following websites :
CMS websites do n't collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our site .
We do this so we can understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
CMS websites never collect information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to our mission and goals .
Types of information we collect
When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following types of information about your visit :
Domain from which you access the Internet
IP address ( an IP or internet protocol address is a number that is automatically given to a computer connected to the Web )
Operating system on your computer and information about the browser you used when visiting the site
Date and time of your visit
Address of the website that connected you to a CMS website ( such as google.com or bing.com )
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
How CMS websites use information they collect
CMS websites use a variety of Web measurement software tools .
We use them to collect the information listed in the Types of information collected section above .
The tools collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected by these tools .
CMS website staff analyze and report on the collected data from these tools .
The reports are available only to CMS website managers , members of the CMS websites communications and web teams , and other designated staff who need this information to perform their duties .
CMS websites may also use an online survey to collect opinions and feedback .
This online survey appears on the bottom left of many pages on the site .
You do n't have to answer these questions .
Please do not to include any personally identifiable information ( PII ) in comments you make .
We analyze and use this information to improve the site 's operation and content .
The reports are available only to CMS website managers , members of the communications and Web teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
CMS websites keep the data from our measurement tools as long as needed to support the mission of the website .
How CMS websites use cookies
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies , allows federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from CMS websites collect only information about your browser 's visit to the site .
They do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies : single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to allow better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1 : Single Session .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to understand the differences between new and returning CMS website visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to our site until they expire .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
How to opt out or disable cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources on CMS websites .
Please note that by opting out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just from CMS websites .
How we protect your personal information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit CMS websites .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information through an email message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , survey , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If in order to contact you we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , we will safeguard the information you provide in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
If any CMS website operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following five criteria :
The CMS website 's legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of CMS websites
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
Data safeguards and privacy
All uses of Web-based technologies comply with existing privacy and data safeguarding policies and standards .
CMS conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
For these records , CMS Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the CMS Senior Official for Privacy Website .
When you visit CMS websites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages .
When Web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :
Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology
Usage tier , session type , and technology used
Nature of the information collected
Purpose and use of the information
Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed
Privacy safeguards applied to the information
Data retention policy for the information
Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why
How to opt out of the web measurement/customization technology
Statement that opting out still permits users to access comparable information or services
Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process
How long we keep data and how we access it
CMS websites keep data collected long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected .
How CMS websites use third-party websites and applications
As a response to OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive , CMS websites use a variety of technologies and social media services to communicate and interact with citizens .
These third-party website and application ( TPWA ) tools include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities , and more .
Examples include Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
TPWAs are not exclusively operated or controlled by CMS websites .
Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third party operating the website .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to CMS websites and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly asked for or collected by us .
CMS websites sometime collect and use your PII if you made it available through third-party websites .
However , we do not share PII made available through third-party websites .
Your activity on the third-party websites we use is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites .
You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
If you have an account with a third-party website and choose to like , friend , follow , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to CMS websites based on the privacy policy of the third-party website and your privacy settings within that website .
You should adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences .
Links to other sites
CMS websites link to other HHS sites , other government sites , and occasionally to private organizations .
Once you leave a CMS website , you are subject to the privacy policy for the sites you are visiting .
Page last Modified : 11/04/2013 6:41 PM

This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 11 , 2012 .
This web sites which are located at the domain cnbc.com ( the `` Site '' ) are operated by CNBC LLC ( `` CNBC '' or we or our or us ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you , what we do with it , with whom we share it , and how you can correct or change such information .
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully , especially before providing any personal data through the Site .
This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America .
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY .
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE .
Types of Information Collected
Personal Data : Personally Identifiable Information ( Personal Data ) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual , such as your name , email address , home address , phone number and credit card information .
This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site , for example when you register for our Subscription Services , including without limitation , CNBC Plus ; subscribe for newsletters ; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards ; participate in chat rooms , blogs or other user forums ; respond to polls or surveys ; purchase merchandise via the Site ; register for sweepstakes , contests and other promotional opportunities ; or seek help from our customer service departments .
We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline , or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices ( Other Services ) .
Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical , you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us .
We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties , such as credit agencies .
Aggregate and Anonymous Data : Aggregate and anonymous data are information collected automatically through the operation of the Site ( `` AA Data '' ) .
We may collect site usage data ( such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence ) through the use of various technologies .
For example , we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web .
Web servers , the computers that `` serve up '' Web pages , automatically identify your computer by its IP address , and when you request a page from a website , its servers log your IP address .
We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data , so although your session will be logged , you will remain anonymous to us and the Site .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version .
During some visits , we may use software tools , such as Javascript , to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page .
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like many sites , we use `` cookies '' or other similar technologies to collect AA Data .
A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site .
Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience , for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , allowing you to visit member only portions of the Site without re-registering , and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry , such as sweepstakes .
Similarly , if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions , using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order ( Clickstream Data ) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent , but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so .
In addition , we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIFs or similar means ( collectively , Pixel Tags ) embedded in the Site 's content .
A Pixel Tag is an electronic image , often a single pixel ( 1x1 ) , that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors ' hard drives .
This information is anonymous data .
Our Use of Your Data
Personal Data : We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided .
For example , if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service , to enter a contest or a sweepstake , or to purchase goods or services , we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services .
We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features , services and other offerings that may be of interest to you .
We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give those businesses your name or address .
Under certain circumstances ( for example if you win a contest ) we may post your Personal Data on the Site .
We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and , if possible , when the Personal Data is posted .
Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you .
If any AA Data are linked with Personal Data , the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data .
AA Data : We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services , CNBC often conducts research on its customer demographics , interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data , it does not identify you personally .
CNBC may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties , including its affiliates , agents , and current and prospective business partners .
We may use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration , advertising and promotional purposes , and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes .
For example , IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide AA Data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Site , and Clickstream Data and demographic AA Data may be shared with our advertisers and business partners .
We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site .
This data ( including Clickstream Data about your activities on our Site ) may be shared with these companies for this purpose .
Disclosure of Personal Data
Disclosure to Affiliates : Personal Data collected by this Site may be shared with our affiliates which include other entities owned or controlled by NBCUniversal Media , LLC ( `` NBCUniversal '' ) .
We reserve the right to share both Personal Data with our affiliates .
Disclosure to Third Parties : CNBC , like many businesses , sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing wireless services , mailing information and processing payments .
When we employ a third party to perform these functions , that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function , and is required to protect the Personal Data .
With your consent , we may also share Personal Data with pre-screened third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes .
We will provide you with an opportunity to elect or decline these services or opportunities ( see Your Choices below ) .
In the event you have elected to unsubscribe from any of our services , we will share your Personal Data with third parties with whom we jointly offer such services solely to the extent necessary to ensure that your request not to receive such communications is honored .
In addition , for third-party sponsored sweepstakes , contests or promotions , we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request .
When you register on the Site you will be able to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing on the Member Center page .
Disclosure to Others : In addition , we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to : ( 1 ) protect the legal rights , privacy or safety of CNBC , or its subsidiaries , affiliates or its or their employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( 7 ) comply with the law or legal process .
If NBCUniversal or CNBC sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may , in our sole discretion , transfer , sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction .
Upon such transfer , the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data .
Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites
This Site includes third-party advertising .
These third parties ' websites and advertisers , or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf , may use technology to send ( or serve ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your cookie information .
They may also use cookies , Javascript , Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements , collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements , and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see ( but not your name , address , or other Personal Data ) .
CNBC lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site , set and access their cookies on your computer .
The third parties ' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site .
For instance , clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site .
Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement .
These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not .
Once you 've left this Site , this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you .
You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data .
You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data , but if you decline to provide Personal Data , you may not be able to use certain services or features .
You may opt-out of receiving offers from us and related products and services offered by third parties by adjusting your Site preferences at our Member Center link on the home page .
If you ask that we stop using your Personal Data , we will honor that request .
However we will retain records of your Personal Data as needed in order to comply with applicable federal , state , or local law .
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Site or Other Services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services .
Message Boards , Chat Rooms , Blogs and Other User Forums
Please remember that information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Use caution when posting .
Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public .
Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or Other Services .
CNBC takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss , misuse , alteration or unauthorized access of such information .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of CNBC to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
While we strive to protect your Personal Data , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us .
Any such transmission is done at your own risk .
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to CNBC on or through this Site or Other Services .
Please see our Terms of Service for our policies regarding such Unsolicited Information .
All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential , and CNBC shall be free to reproduce , use , disclose and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution .
Other Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of this Site or Other Services is subject to the Terms of Service .
We control and operate this Site from the United States .
The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Data , we may provide notice of those changes by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of the Site or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Site .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through the Site .
By continuing to use the Site following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Site .
Contacting CNBC Regarding Your Privacy
cnbc.com Customer Care Department
Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632

Like most website operators , Codecademy collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the date and time of each visitor request .
Codecademy 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Codecademy 's visitors use its website .
From time to time , Codecademy may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate , e.g. , by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website .
Codecademy also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
Codecademy does not use such information to identify its visitors , however , and does not disclose such information , other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information , as described below .
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Codecademy 's websites choose to interact with Codecademy in ways that require Codecademy to gather personally-identifying information .
The amount and type of information that Codecademy gathers depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username and email address .
In each case , Codecademy collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor 's interaction with Codecademy .
Codecademy does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities .
Codecademy may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites .
For instance , Codecademy may reveal how many downloads a particular version got , or say which plugins are most popular based on checks from api .
Codecademy , a web service used by Codecademy installations to check for new versions of Codecademy and plugins .
However , Codecademy does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Codecademy discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees , contractors , and affiliated organizations that ( i ) need to know that information in order to process it on Codecademy 's behalf or to provide services available at Codecademy 's websites , and ( ii ) that have agreed not to disclose it to others .
Some of those employees , contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country ; by using Codecademy 's websites , you consent to the transfer of such information to them .
Codecademy will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone .
Other than to its employees , contractors , and affiliated organizations , as described above , Codecademy discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law , or when Codecademy believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Codecademy , third parties , or the public at large .
If you are a registered user of a Codecademy website and have supplied your email address , Codecademy may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with Codecademy and our products .
We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information , so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum .
If you send us a request ( for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms ) , we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users .
Codecademy takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration , or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
Codecademy uses cookies to help Codecademy identify and track visitors , their usage of Codecademy website , and their website access preferences .
Codecademy visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Codecademy 's websites , with the drawback that certain features of Codecademy 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , Codecademy may change its Privacy Policy from time to time , and in Codecademy 's sole discretion .
Codecademy encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change .

This Privacy Policy applies to all products and services offered through Code School .
What We Collect and How It 's Used
When you sign up for or use our products , we may request personal information from you .
We will not sell this information to others , but may use it to offer you additional products , promotions , or for future development ideas .
When you communicate with Code School , through email or other means , we may retain copies or transcripts .
These will be used for such things as internal training , responses to your inquiries , suggestions , or ways to improve the quality of our product .
Unless we have your permission or applicable laws are being enforced , we will not share your sensitive information .
Should Code School ever merge with , acquire , or be sold to another company , you will be notified prior to your personal information being transferred and subjected to a different Privacy Policy .
Security of Your Information
Since you provide us with sensitive information , we take every measure possible to protect your information against unauthorized access or disclosure .
Access to your information is restricted to employees or contractors of Envy Labs who are bound by confidentiality obligations and non-disclosure agreements .
We may update or change our Privacy Policy as needed .
We will notify you of any significant changes .

Thank you for visiting The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Web site ( s ) and service ( s ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we have developed this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used within our sites and services .
Please read on for more details about our privacy policy .
When Personal Information Is Collected and How The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Uses Your Personal Information
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science collects personal information to make our site ( s ) and service ( s ) more relevant and rewarding for you to use .
For each visitor to our Web pages , our Web server automatically recognizes your domain , service provider , operating system , and internet browser .
Our Web server additionally records usage of pages by our visitors .
We use this information , in aggregate , for our research reports and performance surveys .
We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
Some of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science site ( s ) and service ( s ) collect personally identifiable information to further personalize your experience within a site .
Some site ( s ) and service ( s ) require that you provide personally identifiable information in order to participate in the activities and offerings within .
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , and to offer you other products , programs , or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when we make changes to our services , to fulfill a request by you , or to contact you about your account with us .
Most of our communications provide an `` opt-out '' feature .
We may also use your information to update internal systems .
This allows for seamless delivery of services and resources to you across the University .
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Web Site ( s ) and Service ( s ) may contain email services , bulletin board services , chat areas , news groups , forums , communities , personal Web pages , calendars , photo displays , and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others ( collectively , `` Communication Services '' ) .
The information we collect in connection with these Communication Services is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these Communication Services .
Within many of these Communication Services , The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science provides you multiple privacy options that allow you to restrict the use and viewability of your information to others .
To enhance and personalize your experience , some of our Web pages use `` cookies . ''
Cookies are text files that your Web browser places on your computer 's hard drive to store your preferences .
When using cookies , we do not store personally identifiable information within the cookie .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites
Some of our site ( s ) and service ( s ) contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy policies as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
This site contains third-party tracking code for Google Analytics , which uses cookies to track anonymous data .
Will The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Disclose My Personal Information to Parties Outside the University
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science does not sell , rent , give away , or loan any identifiable information regarding its members to any third party other than agents and contractors of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University .
Agents and contractors of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University .
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University may release personal information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with law , ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements , or ( iii ) protect the rights , property , or safety of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science , Columbia University , our users , or others .
How The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Protects Your Information
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect online .
We secure information transmission , storage , and retrieval .
On our secure server ( s ) , we use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site .
SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet helps protect your online transaction information from third-party interception .
We never display your sensitive information such as your full Social Security number or credit card number once it has been entered .
We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes .
We urge you to protect your own privacy .
We recommend that you do not share any account information or passwords used to access our site ( s ) or service ( s ) .
We would never request from your password from you .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy .
Unfortunately , despite all our efforts , there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions .
This reality is true of all Internet use .
As a result , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit , and you transmit all information at your own risk .
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
Many of the online site ( s ) and service ( s ) we provide allow you to manage your personal information .
Should you need further assistance , please contact us using the contact information provided below .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
How Does The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Protect the Privacy of Children Younger Than 13 Years
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science is concerned about the privacy of young children and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years .
We suggest that you become involved with your child 's access to the Internet and to our site to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected .
By using our Web site , you consent to the collection and use of your information by The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science and Columbia University .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy , or the content or practices of our Web site , you can contact Columbia University Information Technology :
615 West 131st Street , Mail Code : 8750
New York , NY 10027

CONNECTED VENTURES , LLC PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED : OCTOBER 16 , 2008
Connected Ventures , LLC , the owner and operator of Dorkly.com and CollegeHumor.com , respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you , as an individual who is a user of any of our websites or our services , the information we collect , how that information may be used , with whom it may be shared , and your choices about such uses and disclosures .
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using any of our websites or services or transacting business with us .
By using any of our websites , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
Connected Ventures , LLC is a part of the IAC/InterActiveCorp family of businesses , which includes Ask.com , Citysearch , Match.com , ServiceMagic , Pronto , Shoebuy , and many others .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and email address and other information that does not identify you .
When you provide personal information through any of our websites , the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world .
Information you provide .
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on any of our websites or provide to us in some other manner .
This includes identifying information , such as your name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number , and , if you transact business with us , financial information such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) .
We also may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information .
Information from other sources .
We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties .
Examples of information that we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and additional demographic information .
Information about others .
We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us .
If you use any of our websites to send other people ( friends , relatives , colleagues , etc . ) messages through our system ( such as an invitation to an event ) , information that may interest them , or products as a gift , we may store your personal information , and the personal information of each such recipient .
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information .
We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our sites .
Information collected automatically .
We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit any of our websites .
This information includes your IP address , browser type and language , access times , the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us ( see `` Cookies '' below ) , and the referring website address .
When you visit any of our websites , we may assign your computer one or more cookies to facilitate access to our sites and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our sites , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our sites .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our websites .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our sites .
We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether you have opened the messages and the subsequent action taken by you .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our websites , advertising , content , programming or other activities .
Information collected by third-parties .
We may allow other IAC companies and third-parties , including our authorized service providers , advertising agencies , and ad networks , to display advertisements , or provide applications and services on our sites .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies or web beacons , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements or use their applications and services .
Our websites do not provide any personal information to these third parties .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and personalized online experiences and gauge their effectiveness .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver the products and services that you have requested ;
manage your account and provide you with customer support ;
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our products , services , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ;
communicate with you by e-mail , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , other IAC companies or other third parties ;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our sites and other sites ;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ;
enforce our terms and conditions ;
manage our business and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases or sales made on any of our websites , to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and otherwise as needed to manage our business .
If your personal information is submitted through any of our websites when applying for a position with our company , the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application .
We may retain your personal information for a period of time , but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions .
This information may be shared with our sister IAC companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions , as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect , maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings .
Please review `` Your choices about collection and use of your information '' below .
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our websites or while using our services .
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared .
We may share personal information with :
Authorized service providers : We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , processing credit card payments , delivering packages , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , supporting our websites ' functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our websites .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
Business partners : When you make purchases or engage in promotions offered through any of our websites or our services , we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products , services , promotions , contests and/or sweepstakes .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
Other IAC businesses .
We may share information we collect , including personal information , with the IAC companies .
Sharing information with our IAC companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you .
All IAC companies comply with the IAC Consumer Privacy .
Our IAC companies also will comply with applicable privacy and security laws and , at a minimum , in any commercial e-mail they send to you , will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such e-mail messages in the future .
We also may disclose your information :
1.In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
2.When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our websites ' terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
3.In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information .
Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties .
These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States .
Aggregated and non-personal information .
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties and our IAC sister companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of third parties .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our websites and the most popular features or services accessed .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
There are a number of places on our websites where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement or a search result on any of our websites , you may be taken to a website that we do not control .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those websites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting .
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION
If you have an online account with us , you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account at CollegeHumor .
You can also review and update your personal information by contacting us .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
If you have an online account with us , you also may choose to close your account at any time by selecting the delete account option in the `` My Settings '' section in the `` My Stuff '' section after logging into your account at CollegeHumor .
After you close your account , you will not be able to sign in to that website or access any of your personal information .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
If you close your account , we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record keeping integrity , as well as to prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , enforce our terms and conditions , take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our websites or our users , or take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
In addition , if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy , retention of that information will be subject to those third parties ' policies .
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may negatively impact or totally prevent your use of certain features of our websites because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions on our websites .
When your register on any of our websites , you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive e-mail messages about special offers or with special distributions of content by us .
You may modify your choice at any time by clicking here and entering the e-mail address associated with your account .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request .
We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Please note that changing information in your account , or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us .
If we have already provided your information to a third party ( such as an event provider ) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information , you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party .
You may tell us not to share your personal information with third parties or the IAC family of companies for direct marketing purposes by by clicking here and and entering the e-mail address associated with your account .
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information .
We want you to feel confident using our websites to transact business .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email .
SUBMITTING CONTENT TO OUR WEBSITES
We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others , as well as upload content ( e.g . pictures , videos , audio files , etc . ) .
Such postings are governed by our Terms and Conditions of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Once you have posted information , you may not be able to edit or delete such information .
Our websites are general audience sites , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
VISITING OUR WEBSITES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our websites from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting any of our websites from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy .
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of any of our websites .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us in your account , profile or registration ( unless we do not have such an email address ) , and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our websites .
We recommend that you check our websites from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies .
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices , or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please contact us by e-mail or postal mail as follows :
555 West 18th Street
New York , New York 10011
United States of America
All rights reserved .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record keeping purposes .
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our site .
When you sign in to your account on our website , we will record your user or member ID and the name on your user or member account in the cookie file on your computer .
We also may record your password in this cookie file , if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in .
For security purposes , we will encrypt any usernames , passwords , and other user or member account-related data that we store in such cookies .
In the case of sites and services that do not use a user or member ID , the cookie will contain a unique identifier .
We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities , such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site , content and advertising .
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings .
( Click `` Help '' in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions . )
If you do so , some of the features and services of our website may not function properly .
We may allow third-parties , including IAC companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties , but they may collect information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver , and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites .
They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you .
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party 's privacy policy .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies .
Unlike cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages ( or in email ) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website .

Commitment to Protection of Individual Privacy
The University of Colorado at Boulder ( CU-Boulder ) supports the protection of the privacy of individuals who visit official campus websites .
It recognizes the numerous laws that govern the collection , storage , transfer , use and access to personally identifiable information .
This statement extends to the collection of all personally identifiable information , regardless of source or medium .
However , because CU-Boulder is a state institution , some information collected from official websites may be subject to the Colorado Open Records Act ( C.R.S . 24-72-201 et.seq . )
In addition , CU-Boulder may disclose information to third parties when such disclosure is required or permitted by law .
This statement does not apply to websites that are created and maintained for purposes other than conducting official university business by individual faculty , staff or students using resources made available within a university domain .
It is the practice of CU-Boulder to collect the least amount of personally identifiable information required to fulfill its duties and responsibilities , to complete a particular transaction , or as required by law .
A wide variety of colleges , schools , departments , divisions , and other units contribute to CU-Boulder 's official web pages .
Any website collecting personally identifiable information must include a privacy statement and collect only personally identifiable information required to fulfill the unit 's duties and responsibilities .
Information you provide will only be shared with individuals within the university community who need to know it in order to respond to your request , to provide services and to carry out university business .
For the same reasons , CU-Boulder may also share your information with other people or organizations that provide services to CU-Boulder or help us provide services to you .
CU-Boulder requires these individuals and organizations to protect your information according to this statement and applicable law .
You may choose whether or not to provide personal information to CU-Boulder via the Internet .
If you choose not to provide personal information , you can still visit most CU-Boulder websites , but you may be unable to access certain options , offers , and services .
For website administration purposes , information , other than personally identifiable information , is collected for analysis .
This information is used to help diagnose problems , assess what information is most of interest , determine technical design specifications , and identify system performance and/or problem areas , and other administrative functions .
This information includes logs of user visits to CU-Boulder websites , network traffic logs necessary to insure security and optimum performance , and small text files called `` cookies '' used to keep track of settings .
If you send comments , please include a mailing address .
Do not send attachments with the message .
( Due to concern about computer viruses and the damage they cause , email messages containing attachments will be deleted without opening them . )
The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business , legal or other advice , or as guaranteeing the security of information provided through CU-Boulder 's websites .
Date : March 26 , 2007
Approved by : G. P. `` Bud '' Peterson , Chancellor
Authors : Electronic Communications Committee ( ECC ) and Office of University Counsel
Distribution : Students , Deans , Directors , Department Heads , Faculty and Staff

Privacy Practices and Feedback
Welcome to this website , a service of Comcast Corporation and its subsidiaries ( collectively , `` Comcast , '' `` we , '' or `` us '' ) .
This statement discloses the privacy practices for this website only , including an explanation of :
the categories of personally identifiable information about you that may be collected ; how the information is used ;
how we collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your use of the website ;
the categories of persons or entities with whom the information may be shared ;
the choices that are available to you regarding collection , use , and distribution of the information ;
how you can opt in or out of Comcast promotional e-mail ;
the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information ;
how you can review and request changes to the information ;
how we notify visitors and users of this website of changes to this privacy statement ; and
the privacy policies that apply to subscribers to each Comcast product and service .
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Comcast through one of the Contact Us forms you will find on the website , or by mailing a notice to :
Philadelphia , PA 19103
Attention : Comcast.com Privacy Feedback
Information Collection and Use
A special note about children : This website is not directed to children under the age of 13 , and Comcast does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18 on this website unless expressly specified on the appropriate pages of the website .
However , some pages of the website may be of interest to children .
On those pages , Comcast or its service providers may provide a special notice or other information describing any additional privacy protections that may apply .
Children should always get permission from a parent or legal guardian before sending any information about themselves ( such as their names , e-mail addresses , and telephone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
What categories of personally identifiable information do we collect ?
The information collected by Comcast falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to and users of the website and ( 2 ) tracking information recorded as visitors and users navigate through the website .
Some of this information is personally identifiable information , but much of it is not .
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies a particular person .
To make use of some features on our website visitors and users need to register and provide certain information as part of the registration process .
We may ask , for example , for your name , e-mail address , street address , zip code , and , if you wish to automate payments , financial account information .
We might also request information about your residence , television , and computer , for example , in order to process your request for new service or make changes to existing service .
In addition , we may ask you for information about your interests in television viewing , sports , personal finance , the performing arts , and the like .
The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features , complete the particular function of the website you are using , and tailor our website to your interests to make it more useful to you .
Our systems will remember some of this information the next time you log in and use our website , but you can always review and change your information by following the instructions below under Changes to Information in this statement .
The more you tell us about yourself , the more value we can offer you .
Supplying this information is entirely voluntary .
But if you choose not to supply the information , we may be unable to provide you with the products and services we make available to other users of and visitors to our website .
And you will not be able to order selected products or services , or automate payments , over our website unless you provide certain personally identifiable information about yourself .
When you submit any personally identifiable information over this website , Comcast ( i ) will use the information for the purposes described at the time you submit it ( for example , your name , address , telephone number , and e-mail address provided while ordering one of our products or services will be used in connection with the processing and fulfillment of your order ) and ( ii ) may use the information to contact you to make you aware of other products and services of interest .
Of course , if you want to remain completely anonymous , you 're still free to take advantage of the publicly available content on our website without registration .
What categories of persons or entities do we share personally identifiable information with ?
We consider the personally identifiable information contained in our business records to be confidential .
We may sometimes disclose personally identifiable information about you to our affiliates or to others who work for us .
We may also disclose personally identifiable information about you to service providers and vendors , and to others who provide products and services to us .
For example , when you use certain functions on this website you may notice that the website actually collecting or processing the information may be other than a Comcast website .
We may be required by law or legal process to disclose certain personally identifiable information about you to lawyers and parties in connection with litigation and to law enforcement personnel .
For example , we may be required by law to disclose personally identifiable information about you without your consent and without notice in order to comply with a valid legal process such as a subpoena , court order , or search warrant .
What do we do to personalize your use of this website and the advertisements that may be presented to you on other websites ?
We , or our advertising providers , may automatically deliver ads for third-party products as well as promotions and offers for our own products and services , to all users of this website , whether the users are registered or not , based on non-personal information including : ( i ) the IP address associated with your computer for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ; ( ii ) the type of web page that is being displayed , such as a page about Xfinity Internet ; or ( iii ) the content on the page that is shown , such as an FAQ about programming your DVR .
Because this activity automatically applies to all users and it is purely contextual , this type of content delivery can not be customized or controlled by individual users .
To help make our website more responsive to the needs of our users and visitors , we use a standard feature of browser software called a `` cookie . ''
We use cookies to help us tailor our website to your needs , to deliver a better , more personalized service , and to remember certain choices you 've made so you do n't have to re-enter them .
Comcast does not store your name or other personal information in cookies .
Of course , if you set your browser not to accept cookies or you delete them , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to and users of our website .
The cookies we use do n't directly identify visitors to or users of our website as particular persons .
Rather , they contain information sufficient to simplify and improve a visitor 's or user 's experience on our website .
For example , we may use session-based cookies to track the pages on our website visited by our users .
We can build a better website if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often .
Or , we may use persistent cookies to simplify access to a user 's account information over our website , for example .
In connection with the standard operation of Comcast 's systems , certain non-personally identifiable information about visitors to this website is recorded .
This information is used primarily to tailor and enhance visitors ' experience using the website .
We may use this information in an aggregate , non-personally identifiable form to , among other things , measure the use of our website and determine which products and services are the most popular with website visitors .
We may also use one or more advertising network providers and/or other audience segmenting technology providers to help present advertisements or other content on this website and other websites that display Comcast advertisements .
These providers uses cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies on your computer or mobile or other device to serve you advertisements or content tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other websites you have visited .
It also helps determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement or content before and in order to avoid sending you duplicates .
In doing so , these providers collect non-personally identifiable information such as your browser type , your operating system , web pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , and other click stream data .
When you visit this website , these providers may use cookies or web beacons to note which product and service descriptions your browser visited .
When you are presented with Comcast advertisements on other websites , we or these providers may use that information to select advertisements related to your interests .
This is intended to provide you with an additional opportunity to look at Comcast offerings that may be of interest to you .
The use of cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies by these providers is subject to their own privacy policies , not Comcast 's privacy policy for this website .
The advertising network providers and/or audience segmenting technology providers that may collect information about your use of this website , and links to their opt-out pages , are available using the hyperlink below :
Advertising Networks and Other Technology Providers
Sometimes Comcast offers different versions of and subscription plans for our products and services in different areas of the country .
When you visit this website , we may use the internet protocol address associated with your computer to try to determine your general geographic area so that we can show you about the general offers for products and services that are available in your region .
When you are interested in a specific product or service , we may also invite you to enter an address to determine exactly which offer , product or service is available to you .
If you are already a Comcast customer and you log in to your account , we will use the address associated with your account to select available offers .
Where do we permit visitors and users to opt in or out of Comcast promotional e-mail or direct mail ?
If you have otherwise provided your e-mail address to Comcast , or Comcast has already obtained it , then Comcast may have already contacted you about receiving promotional e-mails separately .
You may contact Comcast at 1-800-COMCAST to ask us to put your name on our internal company do not mail list so that you do not receive marketing or promotional postal mail from us or made at our request .
To make our website more valuable to our visitors , we may offer some features in conjunction with other providers .
Our website may also include links to other websites whose privacy policies and practices we do n't control .
Once you leave our website by linking to another one ( you can tell where you are by checking the address - known as a URL - in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you 're visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these websites via a link from the site 's homepage , you should contact the website directly for more information .
All information gathered on our website is stored within a database accessible only to Comcast and its specifically authorized contractors and vendors .
However , as effective as any security measure implemented by Comcast may be , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the complete security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
If you do n't want us to know any particular information about you , do n't include it in anything that you submit or post to this website or send to us in e-mail .
You may review and change personally identifiable information that you provide to us through this website by returning to the pages where you entered it , and reviewing or changing the information directly .
You may also request changes to some information , such as billing and account information if you are a Comcast customer , by calling Comcast at 1-800-COMCAST , if you are able to verify your identity using a Comcast account number , personal identification number or PIN , or another identifier requested by Comcast .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may change this privacy statement from time to time .
If we change this privacy statement at some point in the future , we 'll post the changes on our website and by continuing to use the website after we post any changes , you accept and agree to this privacy statement , as modified .
Privacy Policies for Comcast Products and Services
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for this website only .
Comcast supplies a copy of the privacy notice that applies to our cable television , high-speed Internet , and phone products and services separately to our subscribers .
Effective : February 16 , 2013

How we protect you
The protection of your personal information is something we take very seriously .
We protect your personal information in accordance with the National Privacy Principles and relevant industry privacy codes .
Commonwealth Bank Group Privacy Policy Statement
The Commonwealth Bank Group 's ( the Group ' ) Privacy Policy Statement provides information on our privacy and information handling practices .
We understand that you may have concerns about your privacy and confidentiality while online .
Rest assured we 're committed to ensuring your privacy at all times when using our websites .
Contact us about privacy
If you have any questions or would like further information about our privacy and information handling practices , please contact us :

Complex Media , Inc. , together with its partners and affiliates , owns , operates , or provides a network of interactive services and applications ( together , `` Complex '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) .
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection , use and disclosure of your information when you access the services , applications , and other features or functionality ( collectively , the `` Service '' ) on any website that we own , operate or provide ( `` Site '' ) and/or via an application accessible on a mobile device ( an `` Application '' ) that includes an authorized link to this Privacy Policy .
We receive information about you from various sources , including through your use of the Service and from various third party websites and other services .
When you use the Service , you are consenting to the collection , transfer , manipulation , storage , disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Your continued use of the Service after such amendment constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as amended .
Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning given to them in our Terms of Use .
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information , such as your name , username , password , age , and email address , ( `` Personal Information '' ) that we gather when you access the Service .
This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or we share with our business partners .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control , including but not limited to any other sites , services and applications , including Facebook , Google+ and Twitter ( `` Third Party Services '' ) that you elect to access through the Service , or to individuals that we do not employ or manage .
While we attempt to provide access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy , we can not take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services .
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access .
What Information Do We Collect
The information we gather from users enables us to personalize and improve our Service .
We collect the following types of information from our users .
Personal Information Collected Automatically :
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Service .
We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address , cookie information , and the page you requested .
If you access the Service through an Application , we may also collect your location information if you have selected settings that enable us to collect such information .
Generally , our Service automatically collects usage information , such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Site and its components , similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show .
We may use this data in aggregate form , that is , as a statistical measure , but not in a manner that would identify you personally .
This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often users use parts of the Service so that we can improve and make the Service appealing to as many users as possible , and improve .
As part of this use of information , we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our users , collectively , use the Site and Application .
We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use their services and our Service , so that they , too , may provide you with an optimal online experience .
Sign-In Information Collected :
By creating an account or by signing in for the Service using a Third Party Service ( as discussed below ) , you may provide us certain Personal Information , and you may allow others , including us , to identify you .
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Service .
You may unsubscribe from certain of these messages through instructions in the emails we send you , but certain communications , such as important information regarding the Service are not subject to unsubscription .
We do not currently collect financial information , such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) ; that information is collected and stored by our third party payment processing company ( the `` Payment Processor '' ) , and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor 's applicable terms of service and privacy policy .
Third Party Services :
As mentioned above , we may allow you to link your accounts to Third Party Services , such as Facebook , Google+ and Twitter ( `` Third Party Accounts '' ) to the Service .
If you elect to link to such Third Party Services , we may collect information related to your use of that Third Party Service , such as access tokens made available by that Third Party Service , and other content or information that is provided to us from that Third Party Service .
For example , we may receive additional information about you through that Third Party Service , such as gender , age , education , occupation , hobbies , interests , relationship status , and zip code .
Third Party Services may also have the ability to restrict the information that is provided to us .
Moreover , we do n't actually store your passwords for those Third Party Accounts .
Instead , we just use an authentication token to verify your user name .
Any information that you elect to distribute through any of these Third Party Services by using the Service is instantly provided to such Third Party Services and , after leaving our servers , becomes accessible by such Third Party Services .
Therefore , in addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy , you should also review the privacy policies and terms of use of the Third Party Services that you access through the Service .
We may receive email activity data from your personal email provider .
We use this data to understand and enhance our email communications and the Services .
If you do not want to receive email from us , you can unsubscribe from specific email communications or all email communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link in any email we send to you .
Please note that certain communications , such as important information regarding the Service are not subject to unsubscription .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people .
Our cookies do not collect Personal Information , and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your email address is .
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature , which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , as well as ( depending on the sophistication of your browser software ) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways .
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons :
We and our authorized third party partners may use device identification , cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and communications to consumers .
This advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising .
Such advertisements are generally targeted and served to particular users ( as described in more detail below ) and may come from third party companies called `` ad networks '' .
Ad networks include third party ad servers , ad agencies , ad technology vendors and research firms .
We do not provide Personal Information to any ad networks for use outside of the Services .
Interest-based advertisements may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category , may be based on anonymized information inferred from information provided to us by a user ( including Personal Information such as gender or age ) , may be based on usage patterns of particular users on the Services , or may be based on your activity on Third Party Services .
Ad networks may set cookies through our Site that enable them to retarget you on other sites .
Will We Share Any of the Information We Receive
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone .
We may share your Personal Information only as described below .
Internal Use : We use Personal Information to deliver certain aspects of the Service to you , to contact you when necessary , to respond to your inquiries for additional information , to provide you with additional information according to your preferences , and for our other business purposes .
Sometimes Personal Information may be used to send you information about services , and forums that are available at the Site or other websites .
At your election at any time ( `` opt-out '' ) , you may choose to stop receiving future communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link in an email we send you .
Third Party Services : As discussed above , the Service allows you to connect with certain Third Party Services .
When you broadcast information to such Third Party Services , such information is no longer under the our control and is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of such third parties .
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information : We may share or disclose your non-private , aggregated or otherwise non-personal information , with service providers , and other persons with whom we conduct business .
These service providers and other persons may also share with us non-private , aggregated or otherwise non-personal information about you that they have independently developed or acquired .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : In certain situations , business with whom we become affiliated may sell items or provide promotions to you through the Service .
In other situations , we may provide services or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses .
You can easily recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transaction , and we will share your Personal Information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business .
Agents : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you .
Unless we tell you differently , our agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes .
Promotional Offers : We may send you offers on behalf of other businesses .
However , when we do so , we do not give the other business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive offers from us , you can unsubscribe from specific email communications or all email communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link in any email we send to you .
Please note that certain communications , such as important information regarding the Service are not subject to unsubscription .
Business Transfers : In some cases , we may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred .
Moreover , if we , or substantially all of our assets were acquired , or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy , customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur , and that any acquirer may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy .
Protection of Us and Others : We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with that law ; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of us , our employees , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
With Your Consent : Except as set forth above , you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties , and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
Is Personal Information About Me Secure
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For example , only authorized employees and third parties who have agreed to be bound by confidentiality restrictions , such as consultants , may be permitted to access Personal Information , and they may do so only for permitted business purposes .
In addition , we use SSL encryption in the transmission of your sensitive Personal Information between your system and ours , and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your Personal Information .
If you access a Third Party Service via the Service , you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that Third Party Service .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other websites .
When linking to another website , you should read the privacy policy stated on that website .
We want you to feel confident using the Service and endeavor to protect your Personal Information we hold in our records .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your Personal Information will always remain secure .
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their Personal Information and should avoid sending Personal Information through insecure e-mail .
What Personal Information of Mine Can I Access
You can change or access your Personal Information directly through the Service or for information maintained by Third Party Services , through that Third Party Service , such as Facebook Connect .
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service
What Choices Do I Have
You can use many of the features of the Service without registering , thereby limiting the type of information that we collect .
If you do not want to receive email communications from us , you can unsubscribe from specific email communications or all email communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link in any email we send to you .
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Policy , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Service , and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes .
Please note that certain communications , such as important information regarding the Service are not subject to unsubscription .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of Personal Information and other information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email .
Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Service after such changes have been first posted .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Service you may contact us at the email or physical address listed on this Site .
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .
Effective Date : September 27 , 2013

Last Revised : January 2 , 2014
To jump to our Privacy Policy , click here
To opt-out of Third Party Tracking Technologies , click here
To be removed from Cond Nast promotional mailing lists , click here
If you have a complaint about another user , click here
Kids and parents click here
II.Monitoring and Complaints Against Other Users
III.Registration and Account/Profile Creation
The Type of Information the Service Collects
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service .
This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service .
The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information .
Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested .
In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) .
All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your Registration Information .
Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device .
The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information .
How the Service Uses and Shares Information About You
We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service , and/or Content you have requested .
For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication .
Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) .
If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date .
If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters in the public interest .
We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets .
We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
Local Device Storage and other Tracking Technologies ; Do Not Track ( DNT
The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices ( e.g. , `` cookies '' ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( `` Local Device Storage '' ) .
We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service .
For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage .
Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies .
If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it .
However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly .
In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage .
As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time .
However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals .
How to Opt-Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies
Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes .
In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data .
The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith .
Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
Information Security and Notification
Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof .
If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself .
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device .
This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere .
Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service .
If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
Notice to California Customers - Your California Privacy Rights
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below .
Privacy Policy Coordinator , Opt-Out Requests and Other Privacy Questions
If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows :
Wilmington , DE 19801
As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties .
Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator .
Addtionally , you may click here to be removed from our promotional mailing lists .
If you opt-out of promotional mailings from Conde Nast , you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile .
If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service .

At Constant Contact , Inc. ( including its wholly-owned subsidiary , SinglePlatform , LLC ) , we respect and protect the privacy of our customers and those who use our websites , products and services .
This privacy statement provides details about how your personal information is collected and used .
Personal information is any information that identifies you or would enable someone to contact you , such as your name , email address , phone number and other non-public information that is associated with such information .
This privacy statement applies to the Constant Contact website , the Single Platform website , products and services that are located in the roving.com , constantcontact.com and singleplatform.com domains and any other sites owned or operated by Constant Contact ( the `` Sites '' ) .
Constant Contact , Inc. is located at 1601 Trapelo Road , Waltham , MA 02451 .
The summary below provides the key concepts of the full Constant Contact Privacy Statement .
If you have questions , please click the links to view the complete text below .
Information Collection and Use by Us
We obtain any information that you provide to us on the Sites , including activity on our Sites that we collect by means of log files .
We may also obtain information about you that we collect from other sources ( such as at seminars and , with your consent , third party social networking sites ) .
We may generally use this information to provide you with requested information or products and services , to tailor the presentation of the Sites or products and services to you , to facilitate your movement through the Sites or your use of our products and services , to improve our products and services and do a better job of marketing them , or to communicate with you .
We may monitor or record any of your telephone conversations with us for quality control purposes , for purposes of training our employees and for our own protection .
We acknowledge your ownership rights in your contact lists , content and phone numbers .
We will never sell or rent this information without your permission , and will never use it for any purpose other than providing you with and improving our products and services or as described in this privacy statement .
We employ reasonable technical , administrative and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information .
We will never sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their use without your consent .
We may share your contact and other information with our partners for limited purposes , with certain third parties ( who may only use the information for the purpose for which it was provided ) , with courts , law enforcement and other relevant third parties , or with our acquirer if we are ever acquired .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies and other technology to keep track of your online interaction with our Sites .
Information gathered through usage of a cookie is not linked to any personal identifying information , unless you become a trial or paying customer .
We use pixels , or transparent GIF files , to help manage online advertising with certain partners .
Access to Personal Information
You can update your Constant Contact account information by logging in to your account .
If you would like to suspend or cancel your Constant Contact account or obtain further information about or access to your personal information , you can do so by contacting Constant Contact customer support .
You can update your SinglePlatform account information , suspend or cancel your account or obtain further information about or access to your personal information , by contacting the SinglePlatform account management team at ( 877 ) 564-8728 .
We will retain and use your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , we may continue to disclose your storefront information to third parties in a manner that does not reveal personal information after you suspend or cancel your SinglePlatform account unless you request otherwise .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Sites or our products and services , we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit our website .
Third Party Links and Information Collection and Use by Our Customers
Some of our Sites provide links to third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or our customers .
Our Sites and our products and services are not directed to persons under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
We are headquartered in the United States of America and you explicitly acknowledge and consent to the fact that personal information stored or processed in the United States will be subject to the laws of the United States .
Constant Contact , Inc .
Waltham , MA 02451
Attention : Privacy Manager
We are a licensee of the TRUSTe privacy program .
If we do not promptly answer your question , you can contact TRUSTe .
If we decide to change this privacy statement in any material way , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on the Constant Contact website .
For major changes in how we use personally identifying data , we will provide advance notice .
In all cases , your continued use of any Site or our products and services constitutes consideration and your binding acceptance to any such changes .
Information Collection and Use by Us
We are the sole owner of information collected on the Sites , except for contact lists and content that you provide to us in connection with your use of our products and services ( such as your logo or storefront information ) .
We collect information only as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this privacy statement and we will not sell , share , or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed here .
We may obtain information from you that you provide during any voluntary or mandatory registration process on our Sites ( for example , registering for emails from us or signing up to evaluate our products or services ) or when you call or email us ( for support or otherwise ) .
If you have signed up for future mailings and later wish to opt-out of receiving future mailings , you may do so at any time ( see the `` Choice/Opt-out '' section below ) .
We may use this information to provide you with requested information or products and services , to tailor the presentation of the Sites or products or services to you , to facilitate your movement through the Sites or your use of our products and services , to improve our products and services and do a better job of marketing them , or to communicate with you .
Our Sites also offer opportunities for you to purchase some of our products and services .
Any payment information that you provide to us ( on our Sites or otherwise ) , including credit card data , will only be used to facilitate payment for such products and services .
You acknowledge and expressly agree that we may obtain additional information about you that we collect from other sources , such as information you provide at seminars or to our partners , information that is publicly available or that you consent to us receiving from third parties .
With your consent , we may also access information from third party social networking sites ( `` SNSs '' ) .
The information you allow us to access varies by SNS , and it is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS .
When you consent to the SNS sharing information with us , the SNS may know that you have a relationship with us .
You can control and find out more about these privacy settings at the applicable SNS .
We may use this information to provide you with our products and services , to improve our products and services and do a better job of marketing them , or to communicate with you .
We also keep track of activity on our Sites using log files stored on our web servers .
We collect information that includes your IP address , browser type and version , geographic location , pages you view , how you got to our Sites and any links you click on to leave our Sites , and any device or other method of communication you use to interact with the Sites .
We also gather aggregated tracking information regarding overall usage of the Sites and the products and services , including tallies of page views and click-through activity and the number of messages sent using our products or services .
We may use this information to assist us in offering you a personalized experience , to assist you with technical support , to diagnose problems with our servers , in connection with our security program , to administer our Sites , to improve our products and services and do a better job of marketing them , or to tailor our product and service offerings to you .
We may monitor or record any of your telephone conversations with us for quality control purposes , for purposes of training our employees and for our own protection .
We will also obtain any information that you provide to us in connection with the use of our products and services , such as contact lists ( including email addresses and phone numbers of your subscribers ) and content ( including storefront information ) .
We acknowledge your ownership rights in such contact lists and content .
We will never sell or rent your contact lists or content to anyone without your permission , and will never use your contact lists or content for any purpose other than providing or improving our products and services or as described here .
If you offer to sell your products and services to your subscribers and others in the form of various promotional deals or coupons ( each , a `` Deal '' ) , you agree that any Deal-related content is non-confidential for all purposes and that we may make the Deal itself publicly available on one of our Sites .
We obtain information that is provided by you on our public forums , including the Constant Contact Community and Constant Contact Marketplace .
Your posts may remain even after you suspend or cancel your account .
Contributions to any of our public communities are considered public and non-confidential by us and are not treated as proprietary information or personal information covered by this privacy statement .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
We employ reasonable technical , administrative and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information .
We use industry-recognized technical safeguards , such as firewalls , and have adopted and implemented security procedures to protect your information from loss , misuse or unauthorized alteration .
When we collect financial account information , such as credit card numbers , we protect its transmission through the use of encryption such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
Notwithstanding our efforts , we can not guarantee absolute or unqualified protection of this information given the open nature and resulting instability of the Internet and World Wide Web , and we make no representations or warranties as to the effectiveness of our security and assume no liability for security breaches or any failure in the security of your computer equipment , your internet service provider or other networks and communications providers .
We will never sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their use without your consent .
We may share your name , email address and other contact information with certain of our partners so that they may assist you in using our products and services , contact you with offers , services or products that may be of interest to you , and , if you consent , provide you with their products or services .
Our partners are prohibited from using your contact information for any other purpose without your consent .
We will not provide our partners with your credit card information or any other information ( including your contact lists , content and phone numbers of your subscribers ) .
If you are working with a partner and would like that partner to have full access to your account , we will provide access to just that partner upon your request .
We may , in our sole discretion , also share your information with others within your organization ( including your parent organization , any affiliates or any other individuals designated as users on your account ) .
Occasionally , we enter into contracts with carefully-selected third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you ( for example , providing customer service ) or to engage in co-marketing activities with us .
Our contracts with such third parties prohibit them from using any of your personal information for any purpose beyond the purpose for which it was shared .
If you do not wish to have your personal information shared with these third parties for co-marketing purposes , you may do so at any time by opting out of all non-transactional communications with us ( see the `` Choice/Opt-out '' section below ) .
We may also share non-personally identifying information in the aggregate with third parties , such as the media , industry observers , customers , potential customers or partners .
For example , we may disclose mobile search trends , email open rates by industry , or the number of users that have been exposed to , or clicked on , our Sites or evaluated or purchased our products and services .
If we are involved in a merger , acquisition , a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets , or other similar transaction , your information may be transferred as part of that transaction .
We will notify you by email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any such transaction and the choices you may have regarding your information .
We may also share your personal information with any of our parents or subsidiaries .
Any such parent or subsidiary may use your information only according to the terms of this privacy statement .
Lastly , we may disclose your personal information to courts , law enforcement authorities and/or other relevant third parties , such as internet service providers , when such disclosure is necessary or advisable , in our sole discretion , to conduct an investigation , respond to a third party or law enforcement subpoena or court order , bring legal action , prevent harm to others or pursue other relief when you or a third party are or may be : ( a ) violating our terms and conditions of use ; ( b ) causing injury or other harm to , or otherwise violating our property or other legal rights , or those of other users or third parties ; or ( c ) violating federal , state , local , or other applicable law .
This disclosure may include transferring information to the U.S. and outside the European Economic Area .
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so , we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties in connection with a subpoena .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use a variety of technologies on our Sites .
Among these are cookies : a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer so that the website can remember your browser in the future .
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come , the `` lifetime '' of the cookie , and a value , usually a unique number .
When you visit our Sites , open our email , encounter our services online ( including on one of our customer 's websites ) , or click on one of our banner ads or videos , we or an authorized third party may send you a cookie .
Cookies may be used by us in many ways : they allow us to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our Sites , track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our affiliate signup programs , track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign , provide you with improved customer service and provide you with more relevant content .
Cookies also allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer , as well as enable us to make your visit to our website easier by recognizing you when you return and help to provide you with a customized experience .
Information gathered through usage of a cookie is not linked to any personal identifying information , unless you become a trial or paying customer .
Once you submit personally identifiable information on our Sites ( for example , by signing up to be a trial or paying customer or by signing up for a seminar or white paper ) , we may link such information with cookies or other identifiers that are associated with your visit ( s ) to our Sites .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser .
If you choose to disable cookies , you may still use our Sites ; however , you may have limited access to some areas within our Sites or a different experience .
We also provide you with an option to opt-out of receiving certain cookies associated with our online advertising ( see the `` Online Advertising '' section below ) .
Some of our web pages , emails , and other online content may contain electronic images provided by us or authorized third parties known as web beacons , also known as single-pixel GIFs , which are invisible graphical images .
These web beacons allow us to count users who have visited our Sites , seen our ads , or opened our email , and to track whether messages are shared using our social share features and , once shared , whether these messages are opened by the recipient .
In addition , when you click on a link in an email , we record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you .
Web beacons collect only limited information , such as a cookie identifier , time and date of a page being viewed , and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides .
Web beacons can not be declined when delivered using a regular web page , but they can be refused when delivered by email .
If you do not wish to receive web beacons by email , you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML ( select Text only ) emails via your email software .
We may from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze information about your activity on our Sites , including data gathered by cookies or web beacons .
For example , we use Adobe SiteCatalyst and Adobe Test & Target to improve the performance of our Sites , to run tests on the effectiveness of our Sites and marketing efforts and to improve user experience .
All such data is only used for the purposes described in this section .
We may share non-personally identifying information with third parties , such as the media , industry observers or potential customers or partners .
We also use pixels , or transparent GIF files , to help manage online advertising .
These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners and enable our partners to recognize a unique ad impression cookie on your Web browser , which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Sites .
With both cookies and web beacons , the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable .
We give all Internet users the choice to opt-out of receiving our ad impression cookie .
If you opt out , your web browser will be associated with a generic `` opt-out '' cookie , which will prevent us from associating any non-personally identifying information with your browser .
Our `` opt-out '' cookie has no expiration date .
Keep in mind that participating in our opt-out program does not prevent you from seeing our online ads ; instead , information about the online ads we serve to you will not be recorded .
Our ad management partners include Adobe Systems Inc .
( AdLens ) , Facebook , Inc. , LinkedIn Corporation , Google Inc. , and ValueClick , Inc .
( Mediaplex ) .
For more information about our ad management partners , including information about how to opt-out of these technologies , visit the privacy policies on their websites .
You may choose to opt-out or select your email preferences when you sign-up for our email lists .
In addition , anyone receiving emails from us on behalf of our customers always has the opportunity to opt-out of email messages from such customer by using the opt-out link included in the link in the footer of the message .
Some communications ( for example , important account notifications and billing information ) are considered transactional and are necessary for all of our customers .
You must cancel your Constant Contact or SinglePlatform account , as applicable , to unsubscribe from these communications .
To cancel your SinglePlatform account , please call us at ( 877 ) 564-8728 .
To manage the information we receive about you from an SNS or any other third party , you will need to follow the instructions from that party for updating your information and changing your privacy settings .
The information we collect is covered by this privacy statement and the information the third party collects is subject to such third party 's privacy practices .
Privacy choices you have made on any third party site will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications .
Access to Personal Information
You can update your Constant Contact account information , including your organizational information and email address , by logging in and then clicking on the My Settings tab .
Account information , such as your username and password , can be changed by logging in and then clicking on the My Account link at the top of page .
The My Account page is also where you can manage product subscriptions and billing information , such as your credit card number .
You can update your SinglePlatform account information by contacting the SinglePlatform account management team directly at ( 877 ) 564-8728 .
If you would like to suspend or cancel your account or obtain further information about or access to your personal information , you can do so by contacting the account management team at ( 877 ) 564-8728 .
We will retain and use your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , enforce our agreements and for backup purposes .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , we may continue to disclose your storefront information to third parties in a manner that does not reveal personal information after you suspend or cancel your SinglePlatform account unless you request otherwise by calling the SinglePlatform account management team at ( 877 ) 564-8728 .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Sites or our products and services , we will ask you for your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit our website .
We retain this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
Such referrals may not be permissible in all situations or in all jurisdictions .
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws in this regard .
Third Party Links and Information Collection and Use by Our Customers
Some of our Sites provide links to third-party websites , such as those of our business partners , online advertising partners , SNSs and payment processors .
While on these sites , we or these third parties may collect information about you .
In addition , you may be asked to provide certain personal information or credit card information to our customers in connection with their use of our products and services , such as when you respond to a survey or register or pay for an event , or otherwise .
Because we do not control the information policies or practices of these third parties or our customers , you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or our customers .
Our Sites and our products and services are not directed to persons under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without such parent or guardian 's consent , he or she should contact us .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , we will delete such information from our files .
We are headquartered in the United States of America .
Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates , partners , merchants , or service providers elsewhere in the world .
By providing us with personal information , you consent to this transfer .
We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this privacy statement , regardless of where it is processed or stored , however you explicitly acknowledge and consent to the fact that personal information stored or processed in the United States will be subject to the laws of the United States , including the ability of governments , courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of the United States to obtain disclosure of your personal information .
For the purposes of European Directive 95/46/EC and applicable national implementing laws in your jurisdiction , with respect to your data , we are a data controller and with respect to your customer 's information , we are a data processor .
We have been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement , you should first contact us as described below .
We comply with the U.S. - EU and U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of data from the European Union and the Swiss Confederation .
We have designated our Privacy Manager to oversee our compliance with applicable privacy laws .
Constant Contact , Inc .
Waltham , MA 02451
Attention : Privacy Manager
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
For major changes in how we use personally identifying data , we will provide advance notice .
In all cases , your continued use of any Site or our products and services or constitutes consideration and your binding acceptance to any such changes .

Last updated : December 2013
Effective Date : December 31 , 2013
We want consumers to be informed of our privacy practices .
The following applies to the entire Consumer Reports family of information products , programs and services and covers how we collect and use the information we receive from all marketing and distribution channels .
For more information , please read our complete Privacy Policy .
Please note that the Consumers Union Privacy Policy applies to information provided or collected in connection with our consumer advocacy programs and campaigns and their associated websites .
In all marketing channels we do collect information you choose to submit to us , for example , when you subscribe directly to one of our publications or online services , place an order , or participate in a contest .
We may obtain additional information about you , such as updated address , payment card , demographic or lifestyle information , from other sources .
You can visit us online without telling us who you are or giving us personal information .
We use common Internet technologies , such as cookies and web beacons , on our Web sites , mobile products and in our e-mails .
We use the information you submit to provide the products and services you request .
Our products and services may include the presentation of personalized content .
We use your information to inform you of other products , programs or services offered by Consumer Reports .
Sharing Your Personally Identifiable Information
Information about those participants in our consumer advocacy campaigns who have consented to receive communications regarding our advocacy activities , may be rented or shared with our affiliate , Consumers Union Action Fund , Inc. , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) nonprofit consumer advocacy organization .
We may also share information about donors to Consumer Reports Foundation or Consumers Union with Consumers Union Action Fund , Inc .
If you become a new customer of Consumer Reports on or after January 3 , 2013 and later make a donation directly to our organization , we may provide that information to our affiliates , including Consumers Union Action Fund , Inc. and Consumer Media LLC , operator of The Consumerist website .
We may also exchange , rent or otherwise provide information from such donors ( including full name , address and donation information but excluding email address , telephone numbers and any financial account information ) with other organizations .
We may share information about you with vendors we have hired to provide services on our behalf .
We may share information about you with companies that provide online content to Consumer Reports , if those companies host that content on our behalf .
We will not share your e-mail address with other companies for offers of their products and services , including companies that provide content on behalf of Consumer Reports .
We may share your name and postal address with selected other companies for direct-mail offers of their products and services .
You may unsubscribe from our e-mail newsletters and promotions .
You may direct us not to share your name and address with other companies for offers of their products and services .
If you would like to do so , click here for information .
Click here to change your fundraising solicitation preferences and/or opt out of donor information sharing with unaffiliated third parties .
You may direct us not to send you direct mail promotional materials or call you about Consumer Reports products , programs and services .
You may decline participation in our surveys , including our Annual Questionnaire .
You may also turn off cookies in your browser .
We provide you with the ability to access and edit your personal account information .
We encourage you to read our full Privacy Policy .
We take steps to protect the information you provide us against unauthorized users .
Our products and services are for a general audience and intended for adults only .
We do not knowingly request personal information from children .
Personal information you provide will be maintained in the United States .
Some personal information provided by users may be transferred to , processed and stored temporarily by our service providers in other countries .
How to contact us
Questions about our Consumer Reports Privacy Policy or about Consumer Reports ' handling of your information may be sent to :
Consumer Reports Customer Relations
Yonkers , NY 10703
Consumers Union is an expert , independent , nonprofit organization whose mission is to work for a fair , just , and safe marketplace for all consumers and to empower consumers to protect themselves .
To maintain its independence and impartiality , CU accepts no outside advertising and no free samples and employs several hundred mystery shoppers and technical experts to buy and test the products it evaluates .

Privacy Policy for conversion-metric.org
At conversion-metric.org , we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important .
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit conversion-metric.org , and how we safeguard your information .
We never sell your personal information to third parties .
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL or Shaw Cable ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information , such as your personal preferences when you visit our site .
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit , or the ability to login to some of our features , such as forums .
We also use third party advertisements on conversion-metric.org to support our site .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites ) .
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie
- Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on conversion-metric.org .
- Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
We also participate in AOL Behavioral Targeting ( previously TACODA ) to optimize the advertisements you see .
For more information on online advertising and important privacy and safety information , please click here .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
This site uses cookies that collect anonymous traffic data and these cookies may be placed by a third-party in order to provide such services .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
Cooks.com has no affiliation , and no agency or partnership is implied with reference to any products which are advertised or listed as ingredients in recipes , articles or archival materials .
Advertising contributes to the funding of operation and maintenance costs of this site and does not constitute an endorsement of any product by The FOURnet Information Network or Cooks.com .
Please contact the advertiser directly for details concerning any product or offer .
Cooks.com is an archival collection of free cooking recipes and articles available to the general public .
Information is provided free of charge without warranty of any kind .
We are not responsible for any typographical errors or omissions .
Your usage of this site constitues your agreement to the terms stated herein .
If you do not agree to these terms , permission to access any information on this site is hereby rescinded .

Coolmath.com is a Member of the Aristotle Integrity 's Children 's Privacy Compliance Program .
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Coolmath.com and the Coolmath family of sites ( Coolmath4kids.com , Coolmath-Games.com , CoolifiedGames.com SpikesGameZone.com , ScienceMonster.com , FinanceFREAK.com , TotallyStressedOut.com , Coolmath4parents.com and Coolmath4teachers.com )
Integrity Privacy Compliance Certified - Click to Verify
We at Coolmath.com , Inc. want everyone 's visit here to be enjoyable and safe .
This privacy policy tells you what information we collect on the Coolmath network of sites , and how we maintain and use such information .
If we make any changes to this Policy , they will be posted on this page and will be effective when posted .
Your continued use of the Coolmath network of sites following the posting of any change shows your acceptance of the changes .
Coolmath does not collect ANY user information and does not disclose ANY information to third parties .
For our traffic tracking , we use Google Analytics and comScore .
These services use cookies ( not the yummy kind ) to gather anonymous data about our users .
The information gathered are things like your IP address ( that 's a special number that your internet service provider uses ) , your state , what pages you visited while on Coolmath and how long you were on each page .
This information is used only for internal purposes and is invaluable to us because it lets us know what you like and want more of , so we can continue to make Coolmath better .
It 's also really important for us to be able to track our traffic so we know when we need to upgrade our servers ! Without this info , we would n't have a clue !
For our advertising , we use The Rubicon Project and Glam .
These companies use cookies to track their ads , not our users ! They only gather anonymous user data such as your city ( so they do n't show a New York car dealer ad to someone in California ) .
Without cookies , the complicated process of placing ads on websites can not function , but it 's thanks to these great agencies that Coolmath can be free for everyone ! ( They help buy food for my cats , too . )
None of our advertising is behaviorally targeted .
We have asked all of our advertising networks to turn off all behaviorally targeted ads that would track a user or attempt to create a profile on any of our users .
We have also alerted our advertising agencies that we have a large `` under 13 '' audience and that they need to adhere to all COPPA rules and regulations .
Cookies and beacons are industry standard for website traffic tracking ( for sites and advertisers ) and you will receive them from , virtually , every website you visit .
The cookies and beacons used by our analytics and advertisers do NOT track our users or creative user profiles .
Our goal at Coolmath is to have these tools used as safely as possible with our users .
To this end , we are very careful to only work with the most reputable of advertising agencies .
We have been assured that they strictly adhere to all IAB ( Interactive Advertising Bureau ) policies and fully comply with all privacy laws , including COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act . )
Rubicon is an an optimizing company that works with lots of other agencies such as Advertising.com .
We want to let you know about one cookie , in particular , that you will see coming from them .
The cookie is called `` leadback.advertising.com . ''
Typically , a leadback cookie is a user tracker , but not in our case .
Advertising.com told us that this is a `` call '' to comScore to find out what category our sites fall into ( education , family , etc . )
Without being able to target a user in the pre-COPPA way , they are finding out the type of users we have in a safe way ! They do not store this data in the user cookie .
Coolmath only uses cookies to track game progress and level completion .
Here is more information about online advertising that 's put out by the IAB , so you can learn more about all of this :
Here are the privacy policy 's of each of our service providers , along with opt-out options .
( Note that the opt-out option are for behaviorally targeted ads , which they are not allowed to run on Coolmath sites . ) :
The comScore cookie is called Google Analytics
The comScore cookie is called ScoreCard Research Beacon
As stated above , Coolmath does not run behaviorally targeted ads , but , if you want to opt out of these on other websites that do , you can opt out here :
When you send us a question or comment , we will only use your e-mail address to respond to you .
We will NEVER sell your e-mail address or show it to anyone else .
If we are aware that you are under 13 , we will delete your email right after we read it ( which is required by COPPA . )
If you are ever unsure about using our sites or any other website , be sure to check with your parent or guardian .
Remember , always check with your parent or guardian when surfing the Web !
Be sure to check out our tips for safe surfing !
It is important for you to talk with your child about using the Internet safely .
Here are just a few things to keep in mind when talking to your kids about the Internet :
* Remind your child to never give out his or her full name , address , or phone number without your permission .
* Tell your child that if he or she receives something that he or she is not sure about , to let you know .
* Impress upon your child the importance of never engaging others in a communication that would put him or her at risk , such as agreeing to meet someone he or she has been `` chatting '' with , but never met .
Be sure to visit our tips for safe surfing with your child and discuss the importance of this with your child .
Guidelines for Non-Kid Visitors
When you send us a question or comment , we will only use your e-mail address to respond to you .
We will NEVER sell your e-mail address or show it to anyone else .
Note : This policy is subject to change at any time .
When it does , the changes will be posted on this page .
Your continued use of the Coolmath family of sites , indicates that you accept the terms spelled out in this policy .
You can reach me at with any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy .

Coolmath.com is a Member of the Aristotle Integrity 's Children 's Privacy Compliance Program .
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Coolmath.com and the Coolmath family of sites ( Coolmath4kids.com , Coolmath-Games.com , CoolifiedGames.com SpikesGameZone.com , ScienceMonster.com , FinanceFREAK.com , TotallyStressedOut.com , Coolmath4parents.com and Coolmath4teachers.com )
Integrity Privacy Compliance Certified - Click to Verify
We at Coolmath.com , Inc. want everyone 's visit here to be enjoyable and safe .
This privacy policy tells you what information we collect on the Coolmath network of sites , and how we maintain and use such information .
If we make any changes to this Policy , they will be posted on this page and will be effective when posted .
Your continued use of the Coolmath network of sites following the posting of any change shows your acceptance of the changes .
Coolmath does not collect ANY user information and does not disclose ANY information to third parties .
For our traffic tracking , we use Google Analytics and comScore .
These services use cookies ( not the yummy kind ) to gather anonymous data about our users .
The information gathered are things like your IP address ( that 's a special number that your internet service provider uses ) , your state , what pages you visited while on Coolmath and how long you were on each page .
This information is used only for internal purposes and is invaluable to us because it lets us know what you like and want more of , so we can continue to make Coolmath better .
It 's also really important for us to be able to track our traffic so we know when we need to upgrade our servers ! Without this info , we would n't have a clue !
For our advertising , we use The Rubicon Project and Glam .
These companies use cookies to track their ads , not our users ! They only gather anonymous user data such as your city ( so they do n't show a New York car dealer ad to someone in California ) .
Without cookies , the complicated process of placing ads on websites can not function , but it 's thanks to these great agencies that Coolmath can be free for everyone ! ( They help buy food for my cats , too . )
None of our advertising is behaviorally targeted .
We have asked all of our advertising networks to turn off all behaviorally targeted ads that would track a user or attempt to create a profile on any of our users .
We have also alerted our advertising agencies that we have a large `` under 13 '' audience and that they need to adhere to all COPPA rules and regulations .
Cookies and beacons are industry standard for website traffic tracking ( for sites and advertisers ) and you will receive them from , virtually , every website you visit .
The cookies and beacons used by our analytics and advertisers do NOT track our users or creative user profiles .
Our goal at Coolmath is to have these tools used as safely as possible with our users .
To this end , we are very careful to only work with the most reputable of advertising agencies .
We have been assured that they strictly adhere to all IAB ( Interactive Advertising Bureau ) policies and fully comply with all privacy laws , including COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act . )
Rubicon is an an optimizing company that works with lots of other agencies such as Advertising.com .
We want to let you know about one cookie , in particular , that you will see coming from them .
The cookie is called `` leadback.advertising.com . ''
Typically , a leadback cookie is a user tracker , but not in our case .
Advertising.com told us that this is a `` call '' to comScore to find out what category our sites fall into ( education , family , etc . )
Without being able to target a user in the pre-COPPA way , they are finding out the type of users we have in a safe way ! They do not store this data in the user cookie .
Coolmath only uses cookies to track game progress and level completion .
Here is more information about online advertising that 's put out by the IAB , so you can learn more about all of this :
Here are the privacy policy 's of each of our service providers , along with opt-out options .
( Note that the opt-out option are for behaviorally targeted ads , which they are not allowed to run on Coolmath sites . ) :
The comScore cookie is called Google Analytics
The comScore cookie is called ScoreCard Research Beacon
As stated above , Coolmath does not run behaviorally targeted ads , but , if you want to opt out of these on other websites that do , you can opt out here :
When you send us a question or comment , we will only use your e-mail address to respond to you .
We will NEVER sell your e-mail address or show it to anyone else .
If we are aware that you are under 13 , we will delete your email right after we read it ( which is required by COPPA . )
If you are ever unsure about using our sites or any other website , be sure to check with your parent or guardian .
Remember , always check with your parent or guardian when surfing the Web !
Be sure to check out our tips for safe surfing !
It is important for you to talk with your child about using the Internet safely .
Here are just a few things to keep in mind when talking to your kids about the Internet :
* Remind your child to never give out his or her full name , address , or phone number without your permission .
* Tell your child that if he or she receives something that he or she is not sure about , to let you know .
* Impress upon your child the importance of never engaging others in a communication that would put him or her at risk , such as agreeing to meet someone he or she has been `` chatting '' with , but never met .
Be sure to visit our tips for safe surfing with your child and discuss the importance of this with your child .
Guidelines for Non-Kid Visitors
When you send us a question or comment , we will only use your e-mail address to respond to you .
We will NEVER sell your e-mail address or show it to anyone else .
Note : This policy is subject to change at any time .
When it does , the changes will be posted on this page .
Your continued use of the Coolmath family of sites , indicates that you accept the terms spelled out in this policy .
You can reach me at with any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy .

IMPORTANT ! READ CAREFULLY : THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ( `` SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT '' OR `` AGREEMENT '' ) ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND INDIGO STREAM TECHNOLOGIES AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS ( COLLECTIVELY , `` INDIGO STREAM '' ) .
BY USING THIS SERVICE , YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THIS SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT , INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS .
Indigo Stream provides information via its `` Copyscape '' , `` Copyscape Premium '' , and `` Copysentry '' Services ( the `` Services '' ) .
By completing the registration process and using the Services , you agree to be bound by all of the terms in this Subscriber Agreement at any time .
Indigo Stream may change the terms in this Subscriber Agreement .
If you do not agree to be bound by the changes , you should not proceed to use the Services .
By continuing to use the Services after Indigo Stream has posted any such changes in the Subscriber Agreement , you are agreeing now to be bound by all of the changes .
Indigo Stream is not affiliated with any governmental or regulatory agencies and carries no formal legal authority .
Indigo Stream makes no claims that use of the Services or inclusion of Copyscape banners on a web page have any legal effects .
Indigo Stream does not provide legal advice or make legal recommendations .
Indigo Stream is not liable for any actions or decisions taken by anyone based on results obtained through use of the Services .
Indigo Stream does not endorse any external websites or copyright lawyers linked from the Copyscape site .
Indigo Stream is not responsible for use of the Services by others , nor does it certify the ownership of any content that the Services are used to protect .
By using the Services , you understand that there may be copies of your site on the Internet or elsewhere which are not reported in the results .
Indigo Stream is not liable for any omission or inclusion in the results provided by the Services .
The Services use a search engine index to find copies of your site , so they may miss text contained in Flash animations , images such as JPEG and GIF , movies such as QuickTime , or other formats that are not picked up by search engines .
The Services may also miss new text on the Web that has not yet been indexed .
Automated querying of Copyscape by any means is strictly prohibited , unless via a documented Copyscape API .
Failure to comply may cause your access to Copyscape to be permanently blocked .
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY .
Due to the sources from which content in the Services is obtained , and the inherent hazards of electronic distribution , there may be delays , omissions or inaccuracies in such content and the Services .
The Services and all information provided by Indigo Stream are provided `` as is '' .
Use of the Services and any inf ormation received through it are entirely at your own risk .
NEITHER INDIGO STREAM , ITS AFFILIATES , NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES , AGENTS , THIRD PARTY CONTENT SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS ( FOR PURPOSES OF THIS PARAGRAPH ONLY , `` INDIGO STREAM '' ) WARRANT THE ACCURACY , COMPLETENESS , CURRENTNESS , RELEVANCE , NONINFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES .
INDIGO STREAM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY CAUSED IN WHOLE OR PART BY ITS NEGLIGENCE OR CONTINGENCIES BEYOND ITS CONTROL IN PROCURING , COMPILING , INTERPRETING , REPORTING OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THROUGH ITS WEBSITES .
IN NO EVENT WILL INDIGO STREAM BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE ON SUCH CONTENT ON THE SERVICES .
INDIGO STREAM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF INDIGO STREAM , IF ANY , ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM ( WHETHER IN CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE ) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT IN THE SERVICES SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO INDIGO STREAM FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICES IN THE 6 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM .
THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE , ERROR , OMISSION , INTERRUPTION , DELETION , DEFECT , DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION , COMPUTER VIRUS , COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE , THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO , ALTERATION OF , OR USE OF RECORD , WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT , TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR , NEGLIGENCE , OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION .
SUBSCRIBER SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INDIGO STREAM IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY , OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER SUBSCRIBERS OR THIRD-PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF DAMAGES OR INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH SUBSCRIBER .
Subscriber agrees to defend , indemnify and hold harmless Indigo Stream , its affiliates and their respective directors , officers , employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses , including attorneys ' fees , arising out of the use of the Services by Subscriber or Subscriber 's account .
FEES AND PAYMENTS .
If there are any annual , monthly , or other periodic fees for your subscription , you authorize Indigo Stream to automatically bill these fees to the credit card , depending on the type of charge card you designate during the registration process for the Services or subsequently designate at the start of the annual , monthly or similar period , and at the start of each renewal period , unless you terminate your subscription before the relevant period begins .
Indigo Stream outsources all online payment processing to RBS WorldPay or PayPal .
Indigo Stream does not have access to credit card numbers and certain other payment information submitted to RBS WorldPay or PayPal as a result of the online payment process .
You agree to provide RBS WorldPay or PayPal with a valid credit card and accurate , complete and updated information required by the subscription registration form .
Failure to comply may result in the immediate termination of Services .
If you do not bring them to Indigo Stream 's attention within 60 days , you agree that you waive your right to dispute such problems or discrepancies .
You also are responsible for any fees or charges incurred to access the Services through an Internet access provider or other third party service .
YOU , AND NOT INDIGO STREAM , ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY AMOUNTS BILLED TO YOUR CREDIT CARD BY A THIRD PARTY , WHICH WERE NOT AUTHORIZED BY YOU .
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL RENEWAL OF SERVICES .
When cancelling a renewal , you will still receive access to the Services for the period for which you have paid .
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL SERVICES .
If you have purchased a subscription , and you cancel within seven days of purchase , you have the right to receive a full refund of your subscription fee , in accordance with EU E-commerce regulations .
If you have purchased a subscription , and you cancel at any time after the seven day period , you will not receive a refund for the period in which you cancel , but you will not be billed for any renewal periods .
In the event you cancel after the seven day period , and you are not eligible for a refund under the terms of this Agreement , you will still receive access to the Services for the balance of that period for which you have paid .
Other than as explicitly set forth in this Agreement , all payments are non-refundable .
All subscriptions start the day you order the Services ( and such day is included in the calculation of the termination periods ) .
All cancellation dates will be the date that your cancellation notice is received .
You understand and agree that cancellation of your subscription is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with Indigo Stream .
This includes , but is not limited to , any dispute related to , or arising out of : ( 1 ) any term of this Agreement or the enforcement or application of this Agreement ; ( 2 ) any policy or practice of Indigo Stream , including any Indigo Stream Privacy Policy , or Indigo Stream 's enforcement or application of these policies ; ( 3 ) the content available through the Services or the Internet or any change in content provided through the Service ; ( 4 ) your ability to access and/or use the Services ; ( 5 ) the amount or type of fees , applicable taxes , billing methods , or any change to the fees , applicable taxes , or billing methods .
COPYRIGHT AND LIMITATIONS ON USE .
Only one individual may access the Services during a specific time using the same username or password , unless otherwise agreed by Indigo Stream .
The content available through the Services is the property of Indigo Stream and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws .
You may not attempt to , in conjunction with , any device , software program or service , circumvent technological measures employed to control access to , or the rights in the Services .
In addition to any other remedies available in equity or law to Indigo Stream , failure to comply with any of the terms and conditions in this Subscriber Agreement shall immediately terminate this Agreement and your ability to use the Services .
The Services include information , facts , views , opinions and recommendations .
Indigo Stream does not guarantee the accuracy , completeness or timeliness of , or otherwise endorse this information or these facts , views , opinions and recommendations .
IF YOU ARE USING A THIRD PARTY 'S SOFTWARE TO RECEIVE THE SERVICES , THE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LICENSING AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING SUCH SOFTWARE .
Any personal information you provide to such third party in connection with your use of their software is governed by that third party 's privacy policy and terms of use .
Copysentry , Copyscape Premium and Copyscape are copyright of Indigo Stream Technologies , Ltd .
All rights reserved .
Indigo Stream actively protects all trademarks of Indigo Stream Technologies or its affiliates .
All other trademarks appearing on Services are the property of their respective owners .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account information .
You are responsible for all activities that occur in your account and you agree to notify Indigo Stream immediately of any unauthorized account use .
Indigo Stream is not responsible in any way for any loss that you may incur as a result of any unauthorized use of your user account and password .
You may not use the Services for any unlawful purpose or for any purpose other than as expressly authorized herein .
Indigo Stream may discontinue , terminate or change the Services , or its availability to you , at any time , and you may always terminate your subscription at any time .
You may only receive the Services if you are a subscriber in good standing with a valid , authorized credit card on file with RBS WorldPay or PayPal , or if you are in the trial period of the Services .
Except as expressly provided herein , all payments are completely non-refundable .
If Indigo Stream terminates or discontinues your subscription with cause ( for example , due to your breach of this Agreement ) , you will not receive any refund or partial refund for any charges already billed to your account , and Indigo Stream reserves all other rights available to it for such breach .
This Agreement is personal to you , and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone .
The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Indigo Stream .
If any provision in this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law , the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect .
This Agreement , your rights and obligations , and all actions contemplated by this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Gibraltar , as if the Agreement was a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within Gibraltar .
This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods .
Indigo Stream Technologies Ltd. ( `` Indigo Stream '' ) , provider of the Copyscape service , respects the privacy of its users and takes the privacy of all user information seriously .
The email address you provide Indigo Stream will be used exclusively for sending you search updates and other administrative information relating to your account .
The search terms you provide Indigo Stream will be used only to run automated plagiarism searches on your behalf .
Your email address and search terms will not be given or sold to any third parties .
Indigo Stream outsources all online payment processing to RBS WorldPay or PayPal .
Indigo Stream does not have access to Credit Card numbers and certain other payment information submitted to RBS WorldPay or PayPal as a result of the online payment process .

Privacy Policy and Legal Notes
Correios Privacy Policy and Legal Notes
Cookie : English term used to designate a file stored in browsers to facilitate their identification .
Much used by website database to customize routines for each Internet user ;
IP : Internet Protocol is the Internet protocol that identifies , locates and establishes a connection between computers connected to the Internet ;
URL : stands for Uniform Resource Location , which is the standard for address names on the Internet .
Each page should have its own URL for easy access ;
Portal : Set of sites with information on different online and conventional products and services comprising a single environment .
Stio : Information available on the Internet by individuals , institutions , companies etc. , which belongs to the same address ( URL ) and generally deals with a specific subject .
Correios privacy policies are based on the principles of its commitment to transparency and respect in the relationship with its customers and visitors through the use of the Correios Portal .
Correios is concerned about the privacy and security of its customers and of visitors who access its portal .
Correios ensures the protection of privacy of personal information of those who visit its Portal .
However , the user should be aware that security measures on the Internet are not entirely infallible .
Privacy of Registration Data and Treatment of Information
Information requested from customers and users is the minimum necessary for the completion and improvement of the services provided via the Correios Portal , and is stored in Correios information system for statistical purposes and customer relationships .
Information collected through cookies and identification of IP addresses are generic and used jointly for statistical purposes and to improve communications with our visitors .
If desired , visitors can set up their Internet browser to reject the automatic collection of information .
Information from customers and visitors is used by authorized and qualified personnel to perform the functions inherent to contacts and conducting business via the Internet .
Personal information of customers and of those visiting the Correios Portal that will be collected by systems or records and will be stored according to strict standards of confidentiality and security and will not be disclosed to third parties except as expressly authorized by the customer in cases of business contacts/information or by law .
The customer may at any time , correct or update the information provided via the Correios Portal and other registration data , through the various channels of contact with Correios available .
The fields in which there is no indication of requirement for answers about personal data must be filled voluntarily without incurring in decrease of quality or quantity of the corresponding services .
Relationship with Third Parties
The privacy policies adopted by Correios are relevant only to the Correios Portal and shall not apply to any other website that points to it or that somehow is related to it through links or other forms of dissemination and access .
Correios is not responsible for the content available on other sites or companies associated with the Correios Portal through links or other forms of dissemination and access .
Correios is not responsible for damages of any nature arising from the unavailability , lack of continuity , interruption or blocking in the transmission of data and the loss of usefulness or for occasional service failures .
When hiring other organizations for support services , Correios requires them to ensure the same level of confidentiality and security as in our Privacy Policy for customers and visitors to the Correios Portal .
On the Correios Portal , we maintain links with other websites to assist our visitors with a certain functionality or content .
However , this Privacy Policy is limited to the services offered on the pages of this Portal .
Thus , we are not responsible for the services , policies and procedures specific to the sites to which the Portal has a link and/or for those that have a link to the Correios Portal .
For better security , users should inform themselves about the Privacy Statement of each site associated with this Portal .
The Service will last indefinitely , Correios may at any time and at its own discretion terminate or suspend the rendering of a Service as a whole or in part informing the User in advance , whenever possible , of its decision .
Correios ensures secure access to the sites of the Correios Portal in the transactions and the exchange of private information with customers and visitors in specific areas , through the process of data encryption , using the Secure Socket Layers ( SSL ) security protocol .
This system consists of a certificate that proves the authenticity of the Correios Portal and ensures the integrity and confidentiality of data during transmission .
Correios will constantly evaluate security procedures and the privacy available to customers and visitors to the Correios Portal .
The user should not provide his/her password to third parties , under penalty of Correios not being responsible for any loss incurred .
Correios ensures the protection of the information on the Correios Portal through the laws and regulations governing copyrights , trademarks and patents .
All texts , images , sounds and/or applications displayed in the Correios Portal are protected by copyright , and any changes , reproduction , storage , transmission , copying , distribution and/or any other forms of use for commercial purposes without the prior and formal consent of Correios are forbidden .
Hacking attempts to the Correios Portal or to sites related to it will be handled according to legal provisions as damage , theft or other criminal classifications corresponding to the consequences of the invasion , under the Brazilian Penal Code .
The User acknowledges and voluntarily accepts that the Service will be used in any case , under his/her own responsibility , guaranteeing to provide accurate and updated registration information .
The Privacy Policies established herein are subject to possible changes at any time due to changes in the Correios Portal or on sites linked to it , using new technologies or whenever deemed necessary by Correios , which is why we recommend its periodic verification .
The User agrees to use the Service in accordance with the law , with its regulations , moral principles , good manners and in accordance with the public order .
The user must access the Correios Service Center to be assisted in any complaints , requests or clarification on Correios ' Services and Applications .
You can also request information or make suggestions .

Kyle Chandler 's Roles Ranked by DILF Level
He 's a true DILF 's DILF .
20 Political Women to Watch in 2014
Hillary Clinton is n't the only one .
Cosmo Editors Respond to Your Comments
The mail sack strikes again .
Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications , Inc. and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Hearst '' ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ( `` Magazines '' ) , from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
Information You Provide .
Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , request back issues of our Magazines , subscribe to our Magazines , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser .
For more information click here .
Effect of Tracking Requests .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because , this way , we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests .
Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to any of our Magazines , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
When you provide us your email address ( e.g. , to subscribe to our Magazines ) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites , some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences .
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we 've assigned .
Your user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) will function across many of our Covered Sites , regardless of brand .
Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ( `` Shared Registration Sites '' ) ; however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites .
A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below , and may be updated from time to time .
Current Shared Registration Sites are : The National Magazine Company Limited .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned .
If you cancel your User Registration , we will retain your email address , user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again , against your wishes .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Hearst can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Magazines , and in trade media , and advertising .
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Hearst may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site ( as defined in Section 3 ( c ) above ) .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst .
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Hearst ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : alc-opt-out.com .
California & Canadian Users : Your California Privacy Rights.California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
Marketing provided by Hearst .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Hearst , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Hearst can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .

( United States and Puerto Rico )
Last Updated December 31 , 2013
COSTCO 'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
We respect your right to privacy .
We do not sell , rent , share or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent , except in the circumstances described in this Privacy Statement .
In addition , your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us .
This privacy statement explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and protection of personal information .
The links below provide detailed information about our privacy practices :
What is Personal Information ?
Collection of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information by Costco
Sharing of Personal Information
Tobacco Rebates for Business Members
Other Uses and Disclosures
Protection of Personal and Credit Card Information
Online Information Gathering and Use
Links to Other Web Sites
Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information
SMS ( Text ) Messages
Use of the Costco.com Site by Children
Changes to this Statement
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is information that identifies an individual or that can be reasonably associated with a specific person or entity , such as a name , contact information , Internet ( IP ) address and information about an individual 's purchases and online shopping .
Personal information also includes medical information collected through our pharmacies , hearing aid centers and optical centers ( see Health Care Centersbelow ) .
As a convenience to our Members , we allow the primary cardholder to add his/her spouse or others to a membership account .
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect the personal information that you provide us , such as when you :
sign up for or renew your Costco membership ;
register to use costco.com or sign up for news or notifications of specials or other promotions on costco.com ;
place an order or purchase products or services , online or otherwise ;
contact us for any reason ;
participate in a survey or promotion ; or
sign up for or participate in our various Member Services ( see Member Services below ) .
We may automatically collect some information when you visit our website , such as your computer 's IP address and operating system , the site from which you linked to us , your site activity , the time and date of your visit , and your purchases .
This information may be collected through the use of `` cookies '' and web beacons ( see Online Specifics below ) .
We also receive information from third parties who help us correct our records , prevent fraud , and provide Member Services or special promotions or products ( see Member Services below ) .
We may combine any of this information with the other personal information we maintain about you .
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION BY COSTCO
The personal information we collect is generally used to process your requests or transactions , provide you with high-quality service , tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest and administer your account , including distribution of our own surveys and publications .
For example , we may :
Alert you about product recalls or safety issues ;
Communicate membership opportunities and programs ; and
Provide you with promotional information , such as coupons , offers and product recommendations , or information about Member Services ( `` Promotional Information '' ) .
If you prefer not to receive Promotional Information from us , we make it easy for you to let us know .
You may contact us at any time to decline Promotional Information ( see Choice below ) .
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share information in these circumstances :
We may provide to a third party information as necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us .
For example , we may provide your address to a shipper , and if you pay by a credit or debit card , your card number and sales transaction information are passed to the card processor and/or issuer ( including their service providers such as fraud verification services ) .
However , we give suppliers , and others involved in the distribution chain only the information needed to provide you the products or services you order , and we require them to keep the information confidential and not to use it for other purposes .
We are not responsible for any information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them .
We offer special products and services to our members through third parties , such as rebates , financial , travel , insurance and other business and consumer services ( `` Member Services '' ) .
We may share your name , postal address , email address and membership status , number and type ( `` Member Information '' ) with these third parties in order to notify you of their offerings , to determine whether , or at what level , you qualify for the products , offerings or services , and to evaluate new and existing products , offerings or services .
If you prefer that we not share Member Information with third parties , you can contact us at any time ( see Choice below ) .
However , if you apply for or request certain products , offerings or services , information you provide will be shared directly with the third parties who will be providing the requested products , offerings or services .
If you apply for an American Express Card through Costco , we will collect the application on behalf of American Express .
These third parties are required to use personal information we share only to provide the requested services .
We are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices and policies before disclosing information to them .
Information you provide to third parties , may in turn be shared with us along with information about your use of the services .
In some cases , these third parties may require as a condition of providing services to you that you authorize them to share information with us .
If we terminate our relationship with a third party , information you provided to them may be returned to us , and we may provide that information to a new third party offering the same or similar services .
We may contract with others to perform services on our behalf .
For example , we might retain a company to process credit card payments , ship merchandise , distribute emails , process rebates or analyze data .
If any of these service providers need access to your personal information , we require them to use it only to perform the services for us .
We also require that they maintain the confidentiality of the information and/or return the information to us when they no longer need it .
Each membership account has an individual primary account holder who is authorized to designate and remove add-on members and make other account management decisions .
We may disclose Personal Information that relates to activities occurring under the account to the primary account holder .
Tobacco Rebates for Business Members
As a service to our Business Members who purchase tobacco products for resale , we provide information to the tobacco manufacturers ' representative to process retail incentives .
The information we provide is the business Member 's name , address , the brand name , and the amount of tobacco products purchased .
Pursuant to California law , if you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose this information on your behalf , you can notify us ( see Choice below ) .
OTHER USES AND DISCLOSURES
In addition , we may use or disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized to do so , or that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect you , to comply with legal process or authorities , to respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Costco Wholesale , our Members , our employees or the public .
If your membership was purchased for you as an employee benefit , we may share your name , address and membership level ( Gold Star , Business or Executive ) , but no other personal information , with your employer .
Information about our Members , including personal information , may be disclosed or transferred as part of , or during negotiations of , any merger or sale of company assets or acquisition .
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL AND CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
We have physical , administrative and technical security measures in place to protect personal information from loss , misuse or alteration while it is under our control .
We are required to collect , process and maintain payment card information in accordance with the data security rules adopted by credit card companies such as Visa , MasterCard and American Express .
This means that we do not retain debit card PINs or credit card security codes , and that any time we maintain a credit card number , such as when you create an online account , we must limit access to it and use strong encryption to protect it .
Further , when you enter personal information online , that information is encrypted prior to transmission using a security protocol called SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information .
Online account information is accessible only by using a password .
You must keep your password confidential .
We give you choices related to your personal information , and numerous methods to inform us of your decision .
Your choice to opt-out will not apply to your spouse and any add-on members .
Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 ; ( d ) click the provided `` unsubscribe '' link in any email to unsubscribe ; or ( e ) access `` My Account '' if you are a registered user of costco.com , and check the opt-out box .
If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address .
If you receive emails from the online Photo Center or one of our services providers ( see Member Services ) you will need to specifically opt out of these special purpose emails .
There will be an opportunity to do this on the email itself , and you may opt out of Photo Center emails by logging into your Photo Center account .
If you do not want us to track your activity on Costco.com , you can access `` My Account '' if you are a registered user and check the opt-out box .
If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address .
H. HEALTH CARE CENTERS
We appreciate the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal health information and consequently we have special procedures to protect this sensitive information provided to our pharmacies , and optical and hearing aid departments ( `` Health Care Centers '' ) .
Personal health information includes your prescription information , your Pharmacy Patient Profile and other related information .
Review our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers .
If you are an Executive Member , your purchase information from our Health Care Centers will be combined with your other personal information to calculate your Executive Member 2 % Reward , subject to the terms and conditions of that program .
This section explains our policy with respect to the uses of personal pharmacy information , whether you use our services online or in a warehouse pharmacy .
Prescription information is stored in an electronic system separate from all other member stored personal information .
To fill your prescriptions , we collect your name , address , telephone number , age , gender , allergies , and other prescription-related information .
We are required by law to collect this type of information to identify potentially dangerous drug interactions or other health concerns .
We use this information to process your order , contact you with any questions and provide you with the counseling you may require .
Our pharmacist database is maintained separately from other Member databases .
Only licensed pharmacists , specifically authorized staff , and others permitted by law to view this database , are allowed to do so .
When you use our services , you consent to our use and disclosure of your personal health information for purposes of treatment , payment or health care operations .
We do not otherwise sell , share , rent or disclose personal information collected from our pharmacy pages or maintained in pharmacist records unless you have authorized such disclosure , or such disclosure is permitted or required by law .
Additional terms regarding the confidentiality of your prescription information are explained in our confidentiality of personal pharmacy information page located on our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers and incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference .
Please review these terms so that you understand how they affect your actions and information .
Information Gathering and Use .
We use cookies .
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer .
They enable us to monitor online activity .
We use this information to help optimize your shopping experience .
For example , we may customize our home page for you , better display pages according to your browser type , and/or deliver customized product recommendations and email .
To opt out of these features see Choices .
Cookies are not spyware , and Costco does not collect multi-site data , share information with others that we gather through cookies or allow others to gather information on our site using cookies .
Currently our site does not respond to Do Not Track features enabled through your browser .
Like most web sites , our servers log your IP address , the URL from which you accessed our site , your browser type , and the date and time of your purchases and other activities .
We use this information for system administration , troubleshooting , fraud investigation and communications from Costco ( only ) .
Finally , we use web beacons to determine when and how many times a page has been viewed .
Again , we use this information for our own marketing purposes .
Your browser will accept cookies and allow automatic collection of information unless you change the browser default settings .
If cookies are disabled the web site will not load properly .
Currently our site does not respond to `` do not track '' mechanisms .
Links to Other Sites
From our web site you can link to websites of third parties who we allow to offer goods and services to our members or who provide functions and amenities to our site , such as product information and reviews .
If it is not clear from the context that you are being directed to a third party site , we endeavor to notify you that you are visiting a site where a different privacy policy applies .
In general , any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of websites to which we link .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information
You may update , review or correct your online account information at any time by accessing your password-protected registration page via the `` My Account '' area of the Web site .
To update prescription-related information , access the patient profile page at our online pharmacy site .
To update general membership information , such as a change of address , please see below .
SMS ( Text ) Messages
We will send you SMS ( text ) communications only if you consent to receive them .
We may send you information customized based on your area code , but we do not automatically collect any information that discloses your physical location .
You may review our terms of SMS service here .
Before we collect or send location-specific information , we will ask for your consent .
You may use the app without consenting to this , and you may withdraw your consent by changing your selection within the app .
Your general consent to your mobile service provider to allow ( or disallow ) location-based services does not automatically apply to us .
In general , you do not need to provide any personal information to use our app .
If you wish to make a purchase through the app , however , you must create an account .
Personal information you provide is subject to this Costco.com Privacy Statement .
In addition , as with any online service , our app automatically collects information such as an IP address , the unique identifier of your mobile device and the URL from which you accessed our app ( see Online Specifics ) .
Neither your name nor telephone number are automatically collected .
It is not possible to opt out of providing information automatically collected through our apps .
Providers who supply the technology necessary for us to create the app may share in the receipt of automatically collected information .
We restrict their use of personal information to the purpose of providing services to Costco .
In addition , you should review the privacy statements published by your mobile carrier and by your device manufacturer .
Either or both of them may automatically collect information .
Costco does not have access to information you provide to or that is automatically collected by these third parties .
Our apps may provide links to Costco service providers ( see Member Services ) and other third parties ( see Links to Other Sites ) .
Except as described in this Privacy Statement , Costco does not sell or share with third parties any information you provide or information automatically collected through our app .
USE OF THE COSTCO.COM WEB SITE BY CHILDREN
We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children 's use of the Internet .
We do not intend to collect information from children who are under 18 years of age .
If you are under 18 , you should not provide information on the costco.com website or app .
In addition , individuals under the age of 18 may not fill , refill or transfer a prescription on costco.com .
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason , you can do the following :
Visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ;
Call our Membership Service representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ;
Write us at : Customer Service , P. O . Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 .
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We may change this privacy statement at any time , but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated .
We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be used .
If we make a material change to how we use Personal Information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement , we will communicate the changes in advance .

Effective Date : October 10 , 2012
Note from Couchsurfing : Please refer to the footnotes to see what we changed effective October 10 , 2012 .
This Privacy Policy describes the information Couchsurfing International , Inc .
( Couchsurfing ) collects about you , how we use and share that information and the privacy choices we offer .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites , mobile applications and other online products and services ( collectively , the Services ) , or when you otherwise interact with us .
We may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make changes , we will notify you , including by revising the date at the top of this policy .
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy .
Information Users Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us , such as when you create an account , update your profile , use the interactive features of our Services , participate in contests , promotions or surveys , request customer support or otherwise communicate with us .
The types of information we may collect include :
Basic user information , such as your name , username , gender , birth date , email address , mailing address , phone number and photographs ;
Messages and interactive forum information , such as discussion group posts , messages to other Couchsurfing users and information you provide in connection with activities and events ; and
Other background , contact and demographic information , such as your ethnicity , occupation , personalURL , IM username , emergency contact , home descriptions , travel history and plans and other interests and self-descriptions you choose to provide .
We also collect information about you from other Couchsurfing users , such as trust ratings , friend connections , public references and other interconnections and interactions between you and other Couchsurfing users .
Information We Collect Automatically From You
When you access or use our Services , we may also automatically collect information about you , including :
Location Information : We may collect information about your location each time you access or use our mobile application or otherwise consent to the collection of this information .
For more information , please see Your Information Choices below.1
Device Information : We collect device-specific information when you access our Services , including your hardware model , operating system and version , unique device identifiers , mobile network information and information about the device 's interaction with our Services .
Log Information : We collect log information about how you access or use our Services , including your access times , browser type and language , Internet Service Provider and Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies : We may automatically collect information using cookies , web beacons ( also known as gifs , pixel tags and tracking pixels ) and other tracking technologies to , among other things , improve our Services and your experience , monitor user activity , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon .
For information about removing or rejecting cookies , please see Your Information Choices below .
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services .
For example , if you create or log into your Couchsurfing account through a third-party social networking site , we will have access to certain information from that site , such as your name , profile picture , connections and other account information in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site .
We use information about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services .
For example , we may use information about you to :
Operate and improve our Services ;
Protect the safety of Couchsurfing users and verify users ' identities ;
Send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;
Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;
Communicate with you about products , services , offers , promotions , rewards and events and provide other news and information about Couchsurfing and our select partners ;
Monitor and analyze trends , usage and activities in connection with our Services ;
Personalize the Services , which may include providing content or features that match user profiles or interests ;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards ; and
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service .
Transfers of Your Personal Information Abroad
Couchsurfing may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
Couchsurfing complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework and has certified its adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data collected from members in the EU and Switzerland .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view Couchsurfing 's certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
We do not share personal information about you with third parties except as follows :
With your consent , including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ;
With third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out their work for us ;
With others who access or use our Services in accordance with the privacy settings you establish ( please see Your Information Choices below for more information about how to manage your sharing preferences ) ;
With search engines in order to index the content you provide as part of a discussion forum ;
With partners who run contests , special offers or other events or activities in connection with our Services ;
In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company ; and
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; to enforce our agreements , policies and Terms of Use to protect the security or integrity of our Services ; or to protect Couchsurfing , our users or the public from harm or illegal activities .
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you .
The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools , which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features .
The Services may also allow you to access Google Maps .
Please note that when you use Google Maps , you are subject to Google 's privacy policy , as amended by Google from time to time .
Couchsurfing takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
You may change your privacy settings and determine whether certain information about you will be shared with others by navigating to your profile and editing your Personal Designations .
You may update or correct information about you , or deactivate your account , at any time by logging into your account and editing your profile .
Please note that even after you deactivate your account , we may retain certain information as required by law , for legitimate business purposes and to protect member safety .
Location Information via Mobile Device
You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device and by following the standard uninstall process and removing Couchsurfing 's application from your device .
Doing so , however , may mean that you can not use all or a portion of our Services .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies ; however , our Services may not function properly if you do so .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Couchsurfing by following the instructions in those emails or by adjusting the appropriate settings in your profile .
If you opt out , we may still send you transactional or relationship messages , such as emails about your account .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us here .
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your inquiry or complaint , or if your inquiry or complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Couchsurfing , you can refer your inquiry or complaint to TRUSTe , fax to +1 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information aboutTRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
We updated this section because , if you allow us to do so via your web browser 's settings , HTML5 now allows us to access your location information directly from your web browser ( e.g . the dialogue box that appears when you open the website , asking if we may use your location ) .
Google requires any website that uses their Maps feature to include a link to their own Privacy Policy .
We updated this section to give you more information about how to turn off location-based services .

This is our Privacy Policy , and it was last modified on November 4 , 2013 .
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of the personally identifiable information you provide to us and to our clients , advertisers , service providers and other affiliates ( collectively Affiliates ) in connection with your use of the websites , services , products , promotions , mobile applications , and software applications owned , managed or provided to you by us or on behalf of us ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) .
Coupons.com Incorporated created this privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) to help you understand what information we collect ( whether personally identifiable or not ) , how we collect it , how we use it , how we share it , how we protect it , and how you can control it .
This privacy policy applies to the following Sites :
Products and Services :
Brandcaster ( brandcaster.coupons.com )
Our Sites may also include links to third-party websites , products and services .
This Privacy Policy only applies to our collection and use of your information within our Sites .
Any linked websites , products and services of third parties , and their collection and use of your information , are governed by the privacy policies of the respective third parties .
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties .
We will continue to update this Privacy Policy if we change our procedures for handling relevant information , and we will indicate the date when the Privacy Policy was last updated .
If we make any material changes , we will provide notice on the Sites prior to the change becoming effective .
Our most recent Privacy Policy will continue to be available to you on our website .
In connection with your visits or other use of our Sites , we may collect data that does not personally identify you .
If you choose to participate in certain activities offered on the Sites ( such as surveys and grocery list building and sharing , registering a loyalty or payment card , or posting user-generated content ) , we may ask you to provide us with what is generally called `` personally identifiable '' information ( such as your name , email address , postal mailing address , home/mobile telephone number , payment card information , etc . ) .
In addition , you may have the option of providing us with certain demographic information about yourself or your household ( such as age , gender , household income , interests , zip code , and state ) .
There may be other occasions not specifically identified in this Privacy Policy when we may ask you to provide us with personally identifiable information .
However , it will always be your decision whether to provide us with your personally identifiable information .
In some cases , if you decline to share such information with us , then we may not be able to provide you with certain services .
How We May Collect Information
There are different ways in which we may collect information when you interact with or use our Sites .
Many are discussed below , but in general we may collect information when you :
View , print , download , save , and/or display coupons .
Shop with or redeem coupons .
Register with us or our Affiliates .
Use our Sites to create and sync shopping lists .
Interact with advertisements on our Sites .
Communicate with our customer service team for support .
Participate in certain programs , offers , and promotions .
Use our referral service to tell your friend ( s ) about our coupons .
Sharing with others , or inviting others to share your shopping list , recipes , offers , ratings , or other user-generated content .
Register a loyalty account or card , payment card or similar account identifier with us .
Register or interact with us via social networking sites or services ( such as Facebook Connect , Pinterest , Twitter , or other social media provider )
Post user-generated content on any of our Sites .
Our Coupon Printing Software
When you visit our Sites or download and install our coupon printing software , toolbar , or mobile applications on your computer or other device , we may collect and store information about that device that helps us manage our products and services , deliver a more customized experience for you , and detect and prevent coupon fraud .
A device identifier remains associated with your computer even after uninstalling the coupon printer software .
This identifier is used primarily to prevent coupon fraud and does not collect personally identifiable information .
Cookies and Web Beacons
When you visit a Site , we may store one or more cookies or other similar information ( i.e. , a string of alphanumeric characters or small text file that includes information regarding a coupon that you identified , data for a recipe or menu item that you selected , or other information that relates to your use of our Sites ) on your device .
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Sites .
These persistent cookies can be removed , but each web browser is a little different .
Please review your browser 's Help menu to learn how to modify your cookies setup and how to manage your cookies .
Our Sites may also use web beacons ( also known as clear gifs or pixel tags ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are placed in the code of a webpage .
Cookies and web beacons sent to your computer by us , or our Affiliates on our behalf , are governed by this Privacy Policy .
The use of cookies and web beacons by our Affiliates is not covered by this Privacy Policy , as we do not usually have control over such cookies .
Generally speaking , such cookies or web beacons may be used by Affiliates to provide you with customized advertising or services .
Our Affiliates may also employ web beacons and scripts that help them manage content .
When you use the Sites , open one of our emails , or interact with our products , promotions , and services on our Affiliates ' sites , we may use technology ( including web beacons and cookies , IP addresses , unique device IDs , user IDs , and log files ) to automatically collect non-personally identifiable information including :
Coupon activity ( such as requesting , printing , and saving to a loyalty account or a linked payment card ) .
Application activity ( such as searches performed and features accessed ) .
Web browser type and other device attributes .
The website that referred you .
The web pages you viewed .
The advertisements you viewed and clicked .
The dates and times that you visited or used the Sites .
We may link automatically collected information to personally identifiable information you submit while on the Sites when you are logged in or in connection with a service you have requested .
For example , if you sign up for our Grocery iQ application , we may store your user ID together with your email address so that you can manage and , if you chose , to share your shopping list .
To personalize your experience , we may use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences ( e.g. , volume control ) or to display content based upon what you view on our Site .
Affiliates with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Sites or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell someone else about our Sites , we will ask you for that person 's name and email address .
We will use the information you provide to automatically send to that person an email inviting him or her to the Sites you recommended .
We do not share this email with any third party .
Lists & List Sharing
If you use lists features on our Sites , ( e.g. , in our Grocery iQ mobile application or website ) , we will collect and store for you the items you put on your lists .
We also may use that information to serve you tailored advertising , coupons or other content .
For instance , if your list includes baby food , we may present you with a coupon or advertisement from us or an Affiliate for baby food or related items , such as diapers .
If you choose to invite someone to share your shopping list , we may ask you to provide us with that person 's email address in order to send them your invitation .
We store this information in order to administer the list sharing feature .
Use of the Sites , including our mobile applications , may include location-based services .
If you use those services , we may receive information about your location which we may use to send you geographically relevant promotions or advertisements .
We may use tools such as Google Analytics to better understand who is using our Sites and how they are using them .
These tools may use cookies to collect information such as time of visit , pages visited , time spent on each page of the website , IP address , and type of operating system used .
We may use this information to manage and improve our Sites and to improve experience with our Sites .
You can learn how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking software at this website : tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Promotions , Sweepstakes , & Contests
From time to time , we may sponsor sweepstakes , contests , other promotions or surveys .
Personally identifiable information may be required as a condition of participation for purposes of verifying entrants ' identities , notifying winners and fulfilling prizes .
We will not use or disclose any such information beyond the particular program in which you are participating unless we receive your consent to do so .
If we engage a third party to assist us in administering a promotion or fulfilling prizes , this information will be disclosed to that third party .
k. Shopping and Coupon Redemption
If you participate in certain programs or services on our Site , we may receive information about your purchases when you shop and redeem coupons off our Sites .
We may use that information to administer the program or service and for the other purposes described in Section 5 below .
We retain all information we collect about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law .
How We Use Your Information
We may use information that we collect from your use of the Sites , any information you provide when you register with us , and information provided to us by third parties as follows :
Operate , maintain , deliver , and communicate with you about the coupons , advertisements , content , and promotional offerings found on and off our Sites .
Process and record coupon requesting and redemption activity .
Manage and store shopping lists .
Monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns .
Aggregate usage metrics ( such as total number of visitors to the Sites and pages viewed , application usage and downloads , and interaction with advertisements ) .
Understand usage trends and preferences .
Improve the way the Sites work and look .
Improve our marketing and promotional efforts .
Provide you with a personalized experience on and off the Sites ( such as recognizing your system so that you will not have to re-enter information during your current or future visit to the Sites ) by using information internally , sharing information with our Affiliates , or using information from our Affiliates .
Provide you with custom , personalized coupon promotions and advertisements on and off our Sites .
Create new features and functionality .
Anonymize and aggregate information for different purposes , such as website traffic flow analysis , market analysis , and to deliver relevant advertising and information , e.g. , based on click stream data .
For non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as customer service purposes ) .
We also may use the device information to provide targeted ads to you based on your use of the Sites ( e.g. , based on your printing and redemption activity ) .
When We Share Information
We do not share personally identifiable information with our Affiliates or other third-parties for their marketing or promotional uses except as part of a specific program or feature in which you have chosen to participate , in which case we authorize those Affiliates or third parties to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary .
For example , we offer coupons on our Sites that require you to fill out an advertiser survey in order to receive the coupon .
If you choose to participate in the survey , then we will share the information you provide with the advertiser who provided the survey .
As another example , we may need to transmit personally identifiable information to a payment processor or other service provider for a transaction that you are conducting through one of our Sites .
You may be given the option to register with the website of one of our Affiliates , or sign up for an Affiliate 's newsletter .
If we manage the website for the Affiliate and you choose to register or sign up with that Affiliate , then we will share the information you provide with that Affiliate .
In addition , we may use your personally identifiable information for the purpose of obtaining associated non-personally identifiable information from third parties , but we do not permit those third parties to use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing us with associated non-personally identifiable information .
We may aggregate non-personally identifiable information ( such as age , gender , household income , interests , zip code , state , coupon print and redemption data , purchase data and other automatically collected information that does not personally identify you ) and share such aggregated information with our Affiliates in order to help them improve the marketing of their products and services .
We may also share such non-personally identifiable information with our Affiliates when you interact with our promotional content on their websites .
An Affiliate may match the non-personally identifiable information we provide with personally identifiable information you have previously provided to that Affiliate .
For instance , if you have signed up for a loyalty account from one of our Affiliates , such as a grocery retailer , and request that our coupon be saved to that loyalty account , we will provide the Affiliate with the coupon and other information necessary to fulfill your request .
The Affiliate may then match the information with your loyalty account which may contain your personally identifiable information .
We also may share such non-personally identifiable information with third-party ad servers , ad networks , and data exchanges ( Ad Partners ) so that they can tailor their advertisements to your apparent interests and deliver those advertisements to you while you are either on our Sites or on Affiliate or third-party websites .
For example , if you print pet food coupons , then an Ad Partner may conclude that you have a pet and display a pet care supply advertisement instead of a random advertisement .
In addition , Ad Partners themselves use technologies ( such as cookies , pixels , and beacons ) to collect information about your browsing behavior on our Sites which they may match with information they have previously collected ( including personally identifiable information you have provided to them ) .
However , we do not share personally identifiable information with Ad Partners , and we do not permit Ad Partners to collect personally identifiable information about you on our Sites .
We may share information about you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with local , state , or federal laws or to respond to a court order , judicial or other governmental subpoena or warrant , or in the event of bankruptcy proceedings .
We also reserve the right to share information that we believe , in good faith , is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability , protect us or our Affiliates from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses , investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , assist government enforcement agencies , protect the security or integrity of the Sites , and to protect our rights , property , or safety and those of our Affiliates and others .
In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information .
We will respond to you within 30 days from the date you contact us .
If there is personally identifiable information that you or us can not fully delete upon your request , we would be happy to discuss with you and explore available options .
To protect your privacy and security , we may require you to authenticate yourself before allowing access to your Coupons.com account .
We offer you choices about how we use the information we collect through online tracking .
Please note we do not control communications between you and Affiliates or other third parties .
Please refer to such third party in order to determine their opt-out procedures .
Registration via Facebook and Other Third Party Accounts
You may be given the opportunity to register with us via third party accounts such as Facebook , Google+ , and Twitter .
We may collect and store the information you provide us through Facebook and other such accounts ( including personally identifiable information ) with any other registration information you provide us .
Disabling your Facebook or other such account may not terminate your account with us .
Community Forum/Blogs ; User Generated Content
We may ourselves manage and operate a blog , discussion board or other public forum , or otherwise permit registered users to post comments , photos , video and other user-generated content to areas within the Sites ( collectively , Community Forum ) , or use a third party hosted and managed site , for general matters of interest regarding our coupons and Sites or special programs we offer .
The use of any Community Forum feature ( such as posting user -generated content ) on our Sites is subject to our Terms of Use , and the use of a Community Forum on a third party site will be subject to that third-party site 's forum rules .
If you choose to post user-generated content , your name and any photo submitted in the registration process will be publicly displayed as your Coupons account profile , along with your user-generated content ( or derivative works thereof ) ; your Coupons profile may also link to your public profile from a third party account if you registered with us through Facebook or other such service .
Please take special note that your Coupons profile and any user-generated content that you post , including any personally identifiable information , are intended for public consumption , will be publicly accessible and will not be considered confidential .
We may display this information on our Sites , share it with Affiliates , and further distribute it through third party sites and services .
Our users may share this information as well .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the user-generated content and personally identifiable information you post to a Community Forum , and we are not responsible for any use of information you post to a Community Forum , whether hosted by us or an Affiliate .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Our Commitment to Data Security
The Sites may use various physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information .
Additional security measures , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) or other technology , will be used if you engage in financial transactions on our Sites .
However , as no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us .
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , we do not knowingly collect or maintain information from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of our Sites is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access the Sites at any time or in any manner .
If we learn that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Sites , then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information .
Our Sites may include social media features , such as widgets provided by Facebook , Twitter , Google and Pinterest , or interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
400 Logue Ave .
Mountain View , CA 94043
Coupons.com Incorporated has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal .
Special Note to International Users
The Sites are hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to users in the U.S .
If you are a consumer accessing the Sites from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure that differ from U.S. laws , please be advised that through your continued use of the Sites , which are governed by U.S. law and this Privacy Policy , you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the U.S. , and you consent to that transfer .
Coupons.com Incorporated complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries .
Coupons.com Incorporated has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family , or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the personal information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses .
If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year .
If you are a California resident and want a copy of this information , please submit a written request to us at the address provided in Section 13 above .
In your request , please specify that you want a `` Your California Privacy Rights Notice . ''
Please allow 30 days for a response .

The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how Coursera , Inc .
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do .
Your use of our Site is also governed by our Terms of Use .
WHAT INFORMATION THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers information we collect from you through our Site .
Some of our Site 's functionality can be used without revealing any personal information , though for features or services related to the Online Courses , personal information is required .
If you do not use these specific features or services on the Site , then the only information we collect will be `` Non-Personal Information '' ( i.e. , information that can not be used to identify you ) .
Non-Personal Information includes information such as the web pages that you have viewed .
In order to access certain features and benefits on our Site , you may need to submit `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ( i.e. , information that can be used to identify you ) .
Personally Identifiable Information can include information such as your name and email address , among other things .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to Coursera .
Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Site , the information you receive when using the Site , and our ability to contact you .
For example , your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you .
WHAT YOU CONSENT TO BY USING OUR SITE
Please understand that by submitting any Personally Identifiable Information to us , you consent and agree that we may collect , use and disclose such Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use , and as permitted or required by law .
If you do not agree with these terms , then please do not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to us .
If you refuse or withdraw your consent , or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personally Identifiable Information , we may not be able to provide you with the services that can be offered on our Site .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We gather two types of information about users through the Site :
When users come to our Site , we may track , collect and aggregate Non-Personal Information indicating , among other things , which pages of our Site were visited , the order in which they were visited , when they were visited , and which hyperlinks were `` clicked . ''
We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Site .
Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address , operating system and browser software used by each user of the Site .
Although such information is not Personally Identifiable Information , we may be able to determine from an IP address a user 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
We also use or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors , the type of content and sites to which a user of our Site links , the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Site , and the specific functionalities that users choose to use .
Essentially , cookies are a user 's identification card for the Coursera servers .
Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site and related functionalities .
Cookies and web beacons allow Coursera to serve you better and more efficiently , and to personalize your experience at our Site .
Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain Personally Identifiable Information .
From time to time we may also use additional typical methods of collecting data .
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our cookies , many functions and conveniences of this Site may not work properly .
We also use or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors , the type of content and sites to which a user of our Site links , the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Site , and the specific functionalities that users choose to use .
Essentially , cookies are a user 's identification card for the Coursera servers .
Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site and related functionalities .
Cookies and web beacons allow Coursera to serve you better and more efficiently , and to personalize your experience at our Site .
Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain Personally Identifiable Information .
From time to time we may also use additional typical methods of collecting data .
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our cookies , many functions and conveniences of this Site may not work properly .
Personally Identifiable Information .
We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you register for an account , update or change information for your account , purchase products or services , complete a survey , sign-up for email updates or Online Courses , participate in our public forums , send us email messages , and/or participate in Online Courses or other services on our Site .
We may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions , provide you the specific course and/or services you select , send you updates about Online Courses offered by Coursera or other Coursera events , and send you email messages about Site maintenance or updates .
If you register for an account on our Site , you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address
Coursera may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Site only accessible to registered users .
In order to subscribe to these services , you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address .
Coursera may offer public forums from time to time ( the `` Forums '' ) where you can share comments and thoughts .
In order to participate in the Forums , you may be required to register with us and/or provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address .
Personally Identifiable Information shall not include any information posted or sent by or to you via any public Forum .
Please keep in mind that information you post or make available in Forums will be publicly available .
Accordingly , you should be careful when posting any personal or sensitive information .
Please also reference our Terms of Use for our Rules for Online Conduct and additional information about proper use of our Forums .
Participation in Online Courses .
Coursera offers users the opportunity to participate in an Online Course on or through the Site .
If you desire to participate in a course , you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course .
This information may include , among other things , your name and email address .
If you participate in an online course , we may collect from you certain student-generated content , such as assignments you submit to instructors , peer-graded assignments and peer grading student feedback .
We also collect course data , such as student responses to in-video quizzes , standalone quizzes , exams and surveys .
Coursera may offer you the ability to verify your identity ( e.g. , through the Signature Track or ACE-CREDIT courses ) for selected classes .
In order to enroll for these services , you are required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name , address , date of birth , a headshot taken using a webcam , a photo identification document , and a sample of your typing patterns .
Additionally , if you apply for financial aid in connection with these services , you are required to provide information regarding your income .
Communications with Coursera .
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us .
Third Party Sites .
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party site , e.g. , Facebook , from our Sites .
This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party site .
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you provide information in response to a survey operated by us .
Partner sites providing Online Course related tools and services to Coursera users may collect nonfinancial individual level user data regarding the individual 's use of that partner site while engaged with such Online Course related activities , and the partner sites may share that data with Coursera for the purpose of improving Coursera 's services , the partner site 's services , and the individual 's education experience .
This data includes information such as the amount of time spent on the partner site and pages viewed .
Third Party Credit Card Processing .
Coursera provides you with the ability to pay for Online Courses and other services using a credit card through a third party payment processing service provider .
Please note that our service provider - not Coursera - collects and processes your credit card information .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We use Non-Personal Information to build higher quality , more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users , and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Site .
We may also use it for other business purposes .
Personally Identifiable Information .
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , Coursera will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information we gather from you on the Site .
In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may disclose and otherwise use Personally Identifiable Information as described below .
We may also use it for research and business purposes , including improving and customizing the Site and the products and services we offer .
We use Personally Identifiable Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Site or an Online Course .
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
To facilitate your use of the Forums , we use Personally Identifiable Information collected during your use of the Forums .
In addition , we may publish this information via extensions of our Platform that use third-party services , like mobile applications .
We also reserve the right to reuse Forum posts containing Personally Identifiable Information in future versions of the courses we offer , and to enhance future course offerings .
We may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee ( s ) , and/or provide it to the University or the instructor ( s ) associated with the courses you have taken .
We may also use or publish posts submitted on the Forums without using Personally Identification Information .
Participation in Online Courses .
We use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an Online Course through the Site for processing purposes , including but not limited to tracking attendance , progress and completion of an Online Course .
We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information and your performance in a given Online Course with the instructor or instructors who taught the course , with teaching assistants or other individuals designated by the instructor or instructors to assist with the creation , modification or operation of the course , and with the institution or institutions with which they are affiliated .
Also , we may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
For services that require identity verification ( e.g. , the Signature Track or ACE-CREDIT courses ) , we use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect for verifying your identity , and for authenticating that submissions made on the Site were made by you .
Your photo identification document will be deleted after successful verification of your profile information .
Communications with Coursera .
When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us , we may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
Communications with Coursera Business Partners .
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with University partners and other business partners of Coursera so that Coursera University partners and other business partners may share information about their products and services that may be of interest to you .
We may share general course data ( including quiz or assignment submissions , grades , and forum discussions ) , information about your activity on our Site , and demographic data from surveys operated by us with our University partners and other business partners so that our University partners and other business partners may use the data for research related to online education .
Disclosure to Coursera Operations and Maintenance Contractors .
We use various service providers , vendors and contractors ( collectively , `` Contractors '' ) to assist us in providing our products and services to you .
Our Contractors may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing their products or services to us , so that we in turn can provide our products and services to you .
These Contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Site or the Online Course .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us .
Government Authorities , Legal Rights and Actions .
Coursera may share your Personally Identifiable Information with various government authorities in response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of Coursera , the Site , our users , customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements .
Disclosure to Acquirers .
Coursera may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to an acquirer , assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale , merger , or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity , business or assets of Coursera to which your Personally Identifiable Information relates .
If we receive any Personally Identifiable Information related to the extent to which you use designated e-Readers to access Coursera materials , we may archive it , and use it for research , business , or other purposes .
For your convenience we may provide links to sites operated by organizations other than Coursera ( `` Third Party Sites '' ) that we believe may be of interest to you .
We do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to these Third Party Sites without obtaining your consent .
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites .
If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites , you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information .
CONFIDENTIALITY & SECURITY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance .
We will use industry standard physical , technical and administrative security measures to keep your Personally Identifiable Information confidential and secure and will not share it with third parties , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , or unless we have good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others .
Because the Internet is not a 100 % secure environment we can not guarantee the security of Personally Identifiable Information , and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted .
It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information .
Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us through our Site are not encrypted .
UPDATING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You can access your Personally Identifiable Information and confirm that it remains correct and up-to-date or choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners by logging into the Site and visiting your user account page .
We try to answer every email promptly , but may not always be able to do so .
Keep in mind , however , that there will be residual information that will remain within our databases , access logs and other records , which may or may not contain your Personally Identifiable Information .
Under California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses .
If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g . requests made in 2012 will receive information regarding 2011 sharing activities ) .
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response .
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the `` Shine the Light '' requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response .
Coursera 's websites , including websites directed to residents in countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States , are operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States .
By using and accessing our Sites , residents and citizens of countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located in the United States , and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of your residence or location .
CHANGING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time , and that these practices are subject to change .
Any change , update , or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Site .
We will notify you of any material change to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our Site 's homepage for a reasonable period of time following such update , and by changing the effective date ( located at the bottom of this page ) .
Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy .
NO INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13
Coursera strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children .
In line with this belief , we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information on our Site from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of our Site is directed to persons under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access this Site at any time or in any manner .
We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personally Identifiable Information of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Site without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personally Identifiable Information .
Effective as of 2 January , 2014 .

About Covers Careers Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us
We respect the importance of your privacy
Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information of non-employee Persons who interact with Covers Media Group Ltd. that is collected , used or disclosed Covers Media Group Ltd .
Non-employee Persons in this context includes Individuals who are viewers , readers , subscribers , advertisers , contest participants , forum members , customers , Internet users who are exposed to the media and e-commerce content of Covers Media Group Ltd .
The Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies to the management of Personal Information in any form whether oral , electronic or written .
Covers Media Group Ltd. reserves the right to amend this Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy from time to time .
The application of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy is subject to the requirements or provisions of any applicable legislation , regulations or agreements , or the order of any court or other lawful authority .
Exclusions from privacy protection
The Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy does not impose any limits on the collection , use or disclosure of the following information by Covers Media Group Ltd. :
a ) Information which is available publicly , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ;
b ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or
c ) Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes :
a ) To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ;
b ) To understand Individual needs ;
c ) To enhance , develop , market or provide products and services ; and
d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :
i ) Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;
ii ) If a Person indicated that they was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and
iii ) If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Covers Media Group Ltd. will make a reasonable effort to make sure Persons understand how their Personal Information will be used by Covers Media Group Ltd..
Covers Media Group Ltd. will obtain consent from Persons before or when it collects or uses the Personal Information .
Covers Media Group Ltd. will not attempt to deceive Persons into giving consent .
A Person 's consent can be express , implied , or given through an authorized representative .
A Person can withdraw consent at any time , with certain exceptions noted herein .
Covers Media Group Ltd. , however , may collect , use or disclose Personal Information without the Person 's knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection , use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law .
Note : If any Person has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , the Person can either :
i ) Write to Customer Service - Privacy , Covers Media Group Ltd. , Victoria House , Victoria Place , Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland
ii ) Provide information to Covers Media Group Ltd. through the form provided on our feedback page .
Refusing or withdrawing Consent
Subject to legal and contractual requirements , a Person can refuse to consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information about the Person , or a Person may withdraw the Person 's consent to Covers Media Group Ltd 's further collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information at any time in the future by giving Covers Media Group Ltd. reasonable notice , unless :
i ) The consent relates to certain information required for credit approval which a Person applies for or accepts ,
ii ) The consent is otherwise required by law or iii ) the use or disclosure is permitted by law or is related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
If a Person refuses or withdraws the Person 's consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide the Person or continue to provide the Person with some products , services or information which may be of value to the Person .
Personal Information may be collected when a user conducts activities on or related to all websites of Covers Media Group Ltd. ( see `` Covers Media Group Ltd .
Companies Sites '' ) or related to services made available on the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Although information collected , used or disclosed on the Internet as described below often does not constitute Personal Information ( and to the extent that such is the case , then the obligations under the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy do not extend to such information ) , Covers Media Group Ltd. provides the details below about Internet aspects of Covers Media Group Ltd. services for the purposes of disclosure .
Internet Protocol Address ( IP Address
When the user 's web browser requests a web page from another computer on the Internet , it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information .
This address is called the computer 's `` IP address . ''
For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider ( ISP ) , the IP address will be different every time the user logs on .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may use the user 's IP Address to :
a ) Facilitate the diagnosis and remedy of a technical problem reported by the user 's or Covers Media Group Ltd 's technical team .
b ) Display ( or allow the display by Third Party advertising providers of ) more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on the user 's geographic area .
c ) Estimate user traffic from specific countries or organizations .
Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers , universities , or major corporations in specific regions or localities .
Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers .
A cookie is a small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to the user 's web browser from a web site 's computers and is stored on the user 's computer 's hard drive .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to a user 's computer .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may use cookies to :
a ) Improve the operation and performance of the Covers Media Group Ltd. services and to make Covers Media Group Ltd. services easier and more convenient to use .
For example , cookies help Covers Media Group Ltd. provide more personalized services by recalling user preferences on subsequent visits ( e.g . language preference ) .
Cookies also allow Covers Media Group Ltd. to save passwords and preferences for a user so that the user will not have to re-enter them on the next visit to a Covers Media Group Ltd. website ;
b ) Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to Covers Media Group Ltd. websites and advertisements ( e.g . number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) .
This information helps Covers Media Group Ltd. to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides Covers Media Group Ltd. with details as to the performance of Third Party advertisements and content .
This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to Covers Media Group Ltd 's current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners .
No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ;
c ) Display advertisements .
Covers Media Group Ltd. and Third Party advertising providers may use cookies when serving advertisements on Covers Media Group Ltd. websites .
In some cases , advertisements from Third Party advertisers are delivered to users ( in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services ) by such Third Party advertisers , or by separately contracted advertising providers on their behalf , and not by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; as such , the Third-party advertisers ' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy , and users should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party advertisers .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
If a user prefers , the user can reset his/her browser either to notify the user when the user has received a cookie , or to refuse to accept cookies .
The user should understand that while Covers Media Group Ltd. do not require a user to use cookies , certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services will not function properly if a user sets his/her browser to not accept cookies .
Links To Other Sites And Advertisements
A Covers Media Group Ltd. website may contain links to other websites and services .
While Covers Media Group Ltd. try to link only to sites and services that share Covers Media Group Ltd 's high standards and respect for privacy , a user should understand that Covers Media Group Ltd. is not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites .
This Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy applies only to the Covers Media Group Ltd. services related to this Covers Media Group Ltd .
The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with Covers Media Group Ltd. services are served through one or more reputable Third Party advertisement-serving companies which deliver the advertisements to users in conjunction with Covers Media Group Ltd. services .
For more information about what information is collected and how information is used by a major Third Party advertising provider click here .
Covers Media Group Ltd .
Companies automatically collect certain information about the user 's computer hardware and software .
This information may include : browser type , operating system type , domain names , access times and referring Web site addresses .
This information is used by Covers Media Group Ltd. to operate the service , to maintain the quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Certain Covers Media Group Ltd. services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company .
If a user registers for or uses such services , both Covers Media Group Ltd. and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services .
Covers Media Group Ltd .
The Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy in Detail
Collection - the act of gathering , acquiring , recording or obtaining Personal Information from any source , including third parties , by any means .
Consent - voluntary agreement with the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information for defined purposes .
Consent can be either express or implied and can be provided directly by the Person or by an authorized representative .
Express consent can be given orally , electronically or in writing but is always unequivocal and does not require any inference on the part of Covers Media Group Ltd..
Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from a Person 's action or inaction .
Disclosure - making Personal Information available to a Third Party .
Individual - an individual other than an Employee who
( a ) Corresponds with Covers Media Group Ltd. , including complaints and including applications for employment ;
( b ) Enters an contest or forum sponsored by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; or
( c ) Uses , or applies to use , the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd..
Person - an Individual .
Personal Information - information about an identifiable Person , but not :
a ) Information that is publicly available , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ;
b ) Business-contact information , such as the name , title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ;
c ) Information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or
d ) Aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Covers Media Group Ltd. customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Third Party - a person other than the Person or his agent , or an organization other than a Covers Media Group Ltd..
Use - the treatment , handling , and management of Personal Information by the Covers Media Group Ltd..
Principle 1 - Accountability
Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information under its control and shall designate one or more persons who are accountable for Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the following principles .
1.1 Responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy rests with the senior management of Covers Media Group Ltd. , which shall designate one or more persons to be accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Other people within Covers Media Group Ltd. may be delegated to act on behalf of the designated person ( s ) or to take responsibility for the day-to-day collection and processing of Personal Information .
1.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. has designated a Chief Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
The Chief Privacy Officer can be contacted at Chief Privacy Officer , 26 Monivea Park , Ballybane , Galway City , Ireland .
1.3 Covers Media Group Ltd. is responsible for Personal Information in its possession or control , including information that has been transferred to a Third Party for processing .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use appropriate means to provide a comparable level of protection while information is being processed by a Third Party ( see Principle 7 ) .
1.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. has implemented policies and procedures to give effect to the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy , including :
a ) Implementing procedures to protect Personal Information and to oversee Covers Media Group Ltd 's compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
b ) Establishing procedures to receive and respond to inquiries or complaints ;
c ) Training and communicating to staff about Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices ; and
d ) Developing public information to explain Covers Media Group Ltd 's policies and practices .
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the purposes set out below , and shall identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected at or before the time the information is collected .
2.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes :
a ) To establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ;
b ) To understand Individual needs ;
c ) To develop , enhance , market or provide products and services ;
d ) To meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Covers Media Group Ltd. corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Covers Media Group Ltd. , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :
i ) Covers Media Group Ltd. may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Covers Media Group Ltd. products and services ;
ii ) If a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from Covers Media Group Ltd. or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Covers Media Group Ltd. may send the Person materials about products and services that Covers Media Group Ltd. feels may be of interest to the Person ; and
iii ) If a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Covers Media Group Ltd. website , Covers Media Group Ltd. may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Further references to `` identified purposes '' mean the purposes identified in this Principle 2 .
2.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall specify orally , electronically or in writing the identified purposes to the Person at or before the time Personal Information is collected .
Upon request , persons collecting Personal Information shall explain these identified purposes or refer the Person to a designated person within Covers Media Group Ltd. who shall explain the purposes .
2.3 Unless required by law , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose , for any new purpose , Personal Information that has been collected without first identifying the new purpose and obtaining the consent of the Person .
Principle 3 - Obtaining Consent for Collection , Use or Disclosure of Personal Information
The knowledge and consent of a Person are required for the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information , except where inappropriate .
3.1 Generally , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information at the same time it collects the information .
However , Covers Media Group Ltd. may seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information after it has been collected but before it is used or disclosed for a new purpose .
3.2 In obtaining consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that a Person is advised of the identified purposes for which Personal Information will be used or disclosed .
Purposes shall be stated in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the Person .
3.3 Covers Media Group Ltd. will require Individuals to consent to the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information as a condition of the supply of a product or service only if such collection , use or disclosure is required to fulfill the identified purposes .
3.4 In determining the appropriate form of consent , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the reasonable expectations of the Persons .
3.5 In general , the use of products and services by an Individual constitutes implied consent for Covers Media Group Ltd. to collect , use and disclose Personal Information for all identified purposes .
3.6 An Individual may withdraw consent at any time , subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice .
Individuals may contact Covers Media Group Ltd. for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent .
3.7 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may collect or use Personal Information without knowledge or consent if it is clearly in the interests of the Person and consent can not be obtained in a timely way , such as when the Person is a minor , seriously ill or mentally incapacitated .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect , use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent if seeking the consent of the Person might defeat the purpose of collecting the information such as in the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may also use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent in the case of an emergency where the life , health or security of an individual or property is threatened .
Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent to collect a debt , to comply with a subpoena , warrant or other court order , or as may be otherwise related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection of Personal Information
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Covers Media Group Ltd..
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall collect Personal Information by fair and lawful means .
4.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. collects Personal Information primarily from Individuals .
4.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. may also collect Personal Information from other sources including credit bureaus , employers or personal references , or other third parties that represent that they have the right to disclose the information .
Principle 5 - Limiting Use , Disclosure and Retention of Personal Information
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected , except with the consent of the Person or as required by law .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain Personal Information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected .
5.1 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
( See Principle 3.7 )
5.2 In addition , Covers Media Group Ltd. may disclose a Person 's Personal Information to :
a ) Another person for the development , enhancement , marketing or provision of any of the products or services of Covers Media Group Ltd. ;
b ) A person who , in the reasonable judgment of the Covers Media Group Ltd. , is seeking the information as an agent of the Person ;
c ) Any Covers Media Group Ltd. to permit the provision of services requested by the Person , and
d ) A Third Party or Third Parties , where the Person consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required by law .
5.4 Only those Employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. who require access for business reasons , or whose duties reasonably so require , or properly designated representatives of Covers Media Group Ltd. , are granted access to Personal Information about Individuals .
5.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall keep Personal Information only as long as it remains necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or as required by law .
Depending on the circumstances , where Personal Information has been used to make a decision about a Person , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall retain , for a period of time that is reasonably sufficient to allow for access by the Person , either the actual information or the rationale for making the decision .
5.6 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain reasonable and systematic controls , schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to Personal Information that is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or required by law to be retained .
Such information shall be destroyed , erased or made anonymous .
Principle 6 - Accuracy of Personal Information
Personal Information shall be as accurate , complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used .
6.1 Personal Information used by Covers Media Group Ltd. shall be sufficiently accurate , complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about a Person .
6.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall update Personal Information about Persons as and when necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or upon notification by the Person .
Principle 7 - Security Safeguards
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information .
7.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information against such risks as loss or theft , unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use , modification or destruction , through appropriate security measures .
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect the information regardless of the format in which it is held .
7.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall protect Personal Information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used .
7.3 All employees of Covers Media Group Ltd. with access to Personal Information shall be required as a condition of employment to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information .
Principle 8 - Openness Concerning Policies and Practices
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make readily available to Persons specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information .
8.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make information about its policies and practices easy to understand , including :
a ) The title and address of the person or persons accountable for the compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy and to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded ;
b ) The means of gaining access to Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. ; and
c ) A description of the type of Personal Information held by Covers Media Group Ltd. , including a general account of its use .
8.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall make available information to help Persons exercise choices regarding the use of their Personal Information .
Principle 9 - Access to Personal Information
Covers Media Group Ltd. shall inform a Person of the existence , use and disclosure of his or her Personal Information upon request and shall give the Person access to that information .
A Person shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the Personal Information and have it amended as appropriate .
9.1 Upon request , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall afford to a Person a reasonable opportunity to review the Personal Information in the Person 's file .
Personal Information shall be provided in understandable form within a reasonable time and at minimal or no cost to the Person .
9.2 In certain situations , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not be able to provide access to all of the Personal Information that they hold about a Person .
For example , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if doing so would likely reveal Personal Information about a Third Party or could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another person .
Also , Covers Media Group Ltd. may not provide access to information if disclosure would reveal confidential commercial information , if the information is protected by solicitor-client privilege , if the information was generated in the course of a formal dispute resolution process , or if the information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law , or if the information was collected as part of journalistic , literary or artistic activities .
If access to Personal Information can not be provided , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide the reasons for denying access upon request .
9.3 Upon request , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide an account of the use and disclosure of Personal Information and , where reasonably possible , shall state the source of the information .
In providing an account of disclosure , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed Personal Information about the individual when it is not possible to provide an actual list .
9.4 In order to safeguard Personal Information , an individual or employee may be required to provide sufficient identification information to permit Covers Media Group Ltd. to account for the existence , use and disclosure of Personal Information and to authorize access to the individual 's file .
Any such information shall be used only for this purpose .
9.5 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall promptly correct or complete any Personal Information found to be inaccurate or incomplete .
Any unresolved differences as to accuracy or completeness shall be noted in the Person 's file .
Where appropriate , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall transmit to third parties having access to the Personal Information in question any amended information or the existence of any unresolved differences .
9.6 A Person can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting a designated representative at Covers Media Group Ltd. principal office .
9.7 An employee can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting his or her immediate supervisor within Covers Media Group Ltd..
Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance
A Person shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated person or persons accountable for the compliance of Covers Media Group Ltd. with the
Covers Media Group Ltd .
10.1 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall maintain procedures for addressing and responding to all inquiries or complaints from Persons about Covers Media Group Ltd 's handling of their Personal Information .
If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Covers Media Group Ltd 's privacy practices , please contact us at :
Covers Media Group Ltd .
Victoria House , Victoria Place
Eyre Square , Galway , Ireland
You may contact us through our feedback page
You may contact us by phone on 1-866-662-6837
10.2 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall inform Persons about the existence of these procedures as well as the availability of complaint procedures .
10.3 The person or persons accountable for compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
Privacy Policy may seek external advice where appropriate before providing a final response to individual complaints .
10.4 Covers Media Group Ltd. shall investigate all complaints concerning compliance with the Covers Media Group Ltd .
If a complaint is found to be justified , Covers Media Group Ltd. shall take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint including , if necessary , amending its policies and procedures .
A Person shall be informed of the outcome of the investigation regarding his or her complaint .
Customer Service : Site Map | Help | About | Advertising | Contact Us | Careers | Privacy | Terms of Service
Features : Print Sheets | Covers RSS feeds | Covers Facebook Page | Covers on Twitter | Mobile
Copyright 1995-2013 Covers Media Group Ltd .
All Rights Reserved .
Activities offered by advertising links to other sites may be deemed an illegal activity in certain jurisdictions .
Viewers are specifically warned that they should inquire into the legality of participating in any games and/or activities offered by such other sites .
The owner of this website assumes no responsibility for the actions by and makes no representation or endorsement of any of these games and/or activities offered by the advertiser .
As a condition of viewing this website viewers agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from the viewer 's participation in any of the games and/or activities offered by the advertiser .

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission , a Federal Government regulatory agency , provides these World Wide Web pages as a public service .
Providing the public with vital safety information over the Internet is an essential part of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission 's ( CPSC ) effort to carry out its mission .
Web page text , brochures , and posters presented on CPSC websites are public information .
You may freely distribute , copy , or link to any of this information .
However , the information may not be used in a way that states or implies CPSC endorsement .
If you do distribute , copy or link to any of this information , please credit CPSC .
Images on this website may have been licensed for use by CPSC from a stock photography service or other copyright holder and the copyright holder may prohibit republication , retransmission , reproduction or other use of the images .
You may freely copy and distribute recall notices , including photographs of recalled items , without permission .
Any other use of photographs found in recall notices may require permission from a copyright holder .
Questions about use of specific images or other materials may be submitted via our Contact Us form .
We do not attempt to identify individual users of the site or their usage habits .
The exceptions to this are Section 15 reports submitted through the online reporting form , reports of harm ( Reports ) and business comments submitted through SaferProducts.gov , information provided voluntarily on contact forms , and authorized law enforcement investigations .
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail to CPSC or filling out a web site form , any personal information provided is used only to respond to your message , and will not be disclosed outside of the agency without explicit permission .
If you join one of the CPSC 's e-mail subscription lists , your e-mail address will be used for that purpose only and will not be disclosed outside of the agency .
If you submit a Report through SaferProducts.gov , via the CPSC Hotline , or by fax or postal mail , the Report will be processed and placed in the Database if it meets the minimum requirements for publication .
Your name and contact information will never appear in the Database .
You will be given the option of allowing the CPSC to provide your name and contact information to the manufacturer or private labeler that you identified in your Report .
By law , we can provide this information to the manufacturer only if you give us written permission to do so .
When you visit some websites , their web servers generate pieces of information known as `` cookies . ''
Cookies are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ( session cookies ) or saved on a visitor 's hard drive in order to identify that user , or information about that user , the next time a user logs on to a website ( persistent cookies ) .
Visitors can accept cookies ( generally their browser 's default setting ) or decline them through their browser settings .
The CPSC website uses a session cookie when users submit online forms , such as Section 15 reports , contact forms , e-mail subscription forms , and query forms .
This Tier 1 , single session cookie does not utilize any specific tracking or customization technology , but is intended to maintain session continuity during form submission , which assists in site navigation .
The information collected from this cookie is a random , computer-generated number for use regarding session continuity and website troubleshooting and is captured in CPSC web logs , which are accessible only by CPSC Information Technology staff .
The cookie does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) , is not stored on your computer , and is deleted as soon as you close your browser .
Web logs containing information collected from the cookie are maintained for three years .
In accordance with U.S. Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidelines ( pdf ) , the CPSC website also uses a persistent cookie as part of a Web customer satisfaction survey we are conducting in collaboration with ForeSee Results .
The sole purpose of this Tier 2 ( multi-session , persistent , tracking ) cookie , which ForeSee Results ' survey mechanism places by default on a visitor 's hard drive , is to track whether a particular visitor to the CPSC website has previously taken or declined to participate in the survey so as not to be offered it again within a certain amount of time .
No PII is saved in this cookie set by ForeSee Results , nor can this cookie be used to track visitor activities across other websites .
You may opt out of this tracking technology by modifying your individual browser settings .
Please note that by opting out , you will remain eligible to be randomly selected to complete the survey on future visits to our website .
CPSC uses Google Analytics , a web service by Google , Inc. , to perform web measurement and analytics on its Pool Safely website .
Google Analytics sets one multi-session , persistent , tracking cookie ( classified by the OMB guidelines as Tier 2 ) and three single session cookies ( classified by the OMB guidelines as Tier 1 ) .
The Tier 2 cookie expires up to two years after it is set to the user 's browser .
The CPSC utilizes Google Analytics to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with the Pool Safely website , which ultimately enables better website design and user experience .
No PII is saved in these Google Analytics cookies , nor can the cookies be used to track visitor activities across other websites .
The measurement data that is collected is retained only for as long as is needed for proper analysis and optimization of the Pool Safely website and is accessible only to CPSC Information Technology staff and agency contractors .
Since disabling this web measurement technology requires modifying individual browser settings , it is enabled by default .
You may opt-out of this technology by modifying your individual browser settings .
Please note that opting-out in no way affects your access to content within poolsafely.gov or how you see the website .
The CPSC 's Publicly Available Consumer Product Safety Information Database ( Database ) at SaferProducts.gov also utilizes cookies .
The Public Portal of SaferProducts.gov utilizes single session , non-persistent cookies ( classified by the OMB guidelines as Tier 1 ) to identify that ( 1 ) a registered user has logged on to the site and ( 2 ) an e-mail has been sent to a registered user who saves the report for the first time to avoid the issuance of duplicate e-mails when a report is continually saved .
The Public Portal of SaferProducts.gov also utilizes a multi-session , persistent cookie ( classified by the OMB guidelines as Tier 2 ) to continue to display search results and web pages based upon the search and font size settings selected by the user .
The business portal of SaferProducts.gov utilizes a single session , non-persistent cookie ( classified by the OMB guidelines as Tier 1 ) to identify which company a registered user would like to represent when the user is associated with more than one company .
These technologies are enabled by default for the user 's convenience .
No PII is saved in these cookies , nor can these cookies be used to track user activities across other websites .
Search result preferences will be retained for 30 days from the last time the user utilized the search functionality and font size preferences will be retained for 30 days from the last time the user accessed the site .
Flickr - CPSC maintains official Flickr account ( s ) ( owned by Yahoo ) to share CPSC imagery with the public .
As part of the Flickr service , anonymous usage statistics ( not containing any PII ) are made available to users to understand the amount of traffic and use of their uploaded content .
CPSC may periodically review this usage data to help improve our content .
CPSC will not receive any PII .
In addition , CPSC provides embedded Flickr content within our own pages on the domains which we own and maintain .
In these cases , Flickr may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
CPSC use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside the embedded content .
The CPSC 's websites utilize some third-party applications to maintain site security and enhance visitor accessibility of information contained on these sites .
The CPSC has embedded LongTail Ad Solutions , Inc. 's ( LongTail ) JW Player on several CPSC sites , including CPSC.gov , SaferProducts.gov , and PoolSafely.gov , to play Adobe Flash and compatible videos .
No PII will become available to the CPSC or LongTail as a result of this application .
CPSC.gov , SaferProducts.gov , and PoolSafely.gov also utilize Clearspring Technologies , Inc. 's ( Clearspring ) AddThis .
AddThis is a content sharing platform that allows visitors to the CPSC 's websites to e-mail , print , or share across the Internet content from the sites .
No PII will become available to the CPSC as a result of this application .
Clearspring will have access to PII only if you explicitly provide it with this information , such as asking the company to send an e-mail on your behalf .
In this instance , Clearspring will use the e-mail addresses to deliver that message .
Clearspring , however , will not share this information with anyone , including the CPSC , and the information will be removed automatically from its site after a short period .
The Public and Business Portals of SaferProducts.gov utilize Google Inc. 's ( Google ) reCAPTCHA service to prevent spam and other harmful computer programs .
No PII will become available to the CPSC or Google as a result of this application .
In addition , the Public Portal of SaferProducts.gov utilizes Adobe Flash Player , which allows an individual to upload to the Database , on an optional basis , supporting documents associated with a Report , such as photographs or product packaging .
If you upload a file that contains PII , that PII will become available to CPSC staff .
Only authorized CPSC personnel will have access to this information and may utilize it in investigations and other legally-authorized agency activities .
This PII will not be shared outside of the agency , unless you provide explicit consent to share your name and contact information to the manufacturer or private labeler that you identified in your Report .
The CPSC 's secure Consumer Product Safety Risk Management System maintains this PII for an indefinite period of time .
In order to manage our sites , we collect some information for statistical purposes .
This is standard information which is automatically collected and stored in log files ; it does not identify a visitor personally .
This government computer system uses software programs to analyze the data and furnish statistics .
We use the statistics for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest to users , improving technical design specifications , and identifying performance or problem areas .
On PoolSafely.gov , we also use Google Analytics ( see above ) for web analytics .
Below is an example of the information written to log files based on a standard request for a World Wide Web document :
xxx.yyy.com ( or 123.123.23.12 ) -- this is the host name ( or IP address ) associated with the requester ( you as the visitor ) .
In this case , ( ... .com ) the requester is coming from a commercial address .
Depending on the requester 's method of network connection , the host name ( or IP address ) may or may not identify a specific computer .
Connections via many Internet Service Providers assign different IP addresses for each session , so the host name identifies only the ISP .
The host name ( or IP address ) will identify a specific computer if that computer has a fixed IP address .
5/8/99 , 3:37:51 -- this is the date and time of the request .
W3SVC , WEB , cpsc.gov -- this is the name of the service , server computer name , and server host name ( or IP address ) .
2125 , 332 , 7485 -- this is the processing time , bytes received , bytes sent .
200 , 0 -- these are the status codes - 200 is OK - the request was filled , and 0 , there were no Windows NT errors .
GET , /index.html -- GET is the operation performed , followed by the location of the requested file .
Mozilla/4.04 [ en ] ( Win95 ; U ) -- this identifies the type of browser software and operating system used to access the page , which may affect the design parameters to use in constructing the pages .
123.123.23.12-1633920240.29265185 , - -- session ID if appliable
Requests for other types of documents use similar information .
No other user-identifying information is collected .
The log files are destroyed after three years .
Policy On Internet Web Site Links With Other Organizations
CPSC recognizes that an open Internet policy , with respect to the dissemination of information via its web site , is an ideal way to deliver safety information to the widest possible audience .
In accomplishing its safety mission , CPSC also recognizes the importance of the global marketplace and , therefore , does not preclude links from international sites .
Links IN -- Other Organizations ' Links To CPSC 's Web Site
However , no link may present or display a product or activity in a way that states or implies CPSC endorsement .
Links OUT -- CPSC 's Links To Other Organizations
CPSC 's web site has links to other Federal government sites .
CPSC will not consider requests to `` out-link '' to private , commercial or other non-Federal web sites .
From time to time , CPSC also may decide on its own , not based on any request , to out-link to a non-Federal web site .
This would be a Commission decision , where such a link would clearly support the agency 's mission of preventing deaths and injuries from consumer products , and where it is clearly determined that it would not in any way jeopardize the agency 's independent , regulatory status .
Such a link may be short or long-term , at the discretion of the Commission .
We will not collect personal information about any visitor to this site unless it is voluntarily given to us .
All materials on the site are presented by the CPSC for general informational purposes only .
These materials do not , and are not intended to , constitute legal advice .
CPSC is responsible for ensuring the privacy and confidentiality of the information it collects on members of the public , business partners , and its own employees .
These people have a right to expect CPSC will collect , maintain , use and disseminate identifiable personal information only as authorized by law and as necessary to carry out agency responsibilities .
Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIAs ) are performed on computer systems and applications in order to evaluate any risks these systems may pose to personally identifiable information .
The Privacy Act requires agencies to publish in the Federal Register notices of new or substantially altered systems of records , that is , systems from which personal information , confidential or not , is retrieved by personal name or identifier .
CPSC reviews each system of record notice biennially to ensure it accurately describes the system of records .
All systems containing personally identifiable information are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that holdings are accurate , relevant , timely and complete and necessary for the proper performance of a documented agency function .
To ensure the security of the site and to ensure that the service remains available to all users , this government security system employs software programs to monitor network traffic so we can identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited .
Such attempts may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .

Who We Are .
We are Cracked.com ( `` Cracked.com , '' `` Cracked.com.com , '' `` Site , '' '' Service , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) .
Cracked.com.com is a popular place to access hundreds of great articles and videos , post content and to share ideas with others .
In conducting our business , as further described below , we collect information , including PII , about the individuals who use the Service .
This Policy and the Terms of Use .
This Policy is part of and incorporated into the Cracked.com Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Terms '' ) .
BY PROVIDING PII OR OTHER INFORMATION TO US OR BY USING OUR SERVICE , YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY AND THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THE POLICY .
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US
The Types of Information Cracked.com Collects .
We collect any information you enter on the Service or give us in any other way ( such as through an email , survey , or letter ) .
The information that we collect varies depending upon how you use our Service .
Our Account registration process requires that you provide us with your user name , birthday and e-mail address , and that you create and provide us with a password .
We may also request other information , such as your actual first and last name , gender , and zip code .
Information in Public Areas of the Site .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily provide information in public areas of the Service , such as the user profile pages or forums , that information can be viewed and possibly used by others .
We therefore advise visitors not to disclose contact information , including phone number , email address , street address or instant messenger address ( within these public areas ) that they do not wish to share .
We are not responsible for PII you choose to submit in these public areas .
Also , we may highlight content you post to the public areas of the Service such as reviews or comments , such as by featuring your content on the Site 's home page .
Like many Web sites , we use `` cookies '' .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser .
We use persistent , identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you .
While you can take steps to warn of , block or disable cookies , if you do , the Service may not function and appear as we have designed it .
Nonetheless , if you want to take these steps , you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser .
Our cookies do not collect PII that you provide to us during the registration process , but they do collect other information such as :
the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours ;
the date and time you access the Site and pages you visit ;
your computer 's IP address and information about its operating system , platform and the Web browser type and version you use ;
demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you ; and
information to combat fraud or misuse .
In our e-mails to you , we use `` pixel tags '' to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted e-mail ( this helps us optimize the size of our e-mail messages and conserve bandwidth ) .
Collection of Information by Third Parties .
Some of the advertisers and other businesses that advertise or place other content our Site use cookies on our Site and may place a cookie on your computer .
The content posted by these businesses will be identified as coming from a third party .
In addition , we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads .
These companies ( 1 ) use information obtained from your visits to this Site and other sites to serve ads to you and ( 2 ) place unique third-party cookies on your browser .
Also , we use Web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help optimize our advertising .
Web beacons enable us to recognize your browser when a cookie has been placed on your computer .
Some but not all third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology .
The information collected by third party cookies is subject to the privacy policy of the third party , not Cracked.com 's privacy policy .
Click here to adjust your advertising preferences
Promotions , Sweepstakes , and Contests .
From time to time , we may host a promotion , sweepstake or contest on the Service .
You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer to a third party of your personal information in connection with such promotion , sweepstake or contest .
It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy statement applies , and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer to or collection of personal information by a third party .
CRACKED.COM 'S USE AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Use of PII .
We use your PII for such purposes as responding to your requests ; monitoring and providing the Service ; maintaining your Cracked.com account ; providing you with advertising and non-advertising content that we believe would be of interest to you ; enforcing our rights and the rights of third parties , and investigating and ensuring compliance with the Terms .
We also may use your PII to contact you regarding your account , such as to inform you that you have received an email from another Cracked.com member , or to forward to you user comments about the content you have posted .
We may also email Cracked.com messages of the day , newsletters , and similar communications about the Service .
Use of Other Information .
We use non-PII for purposes such as measuring the number of visitors to sections of our Site , making the Service more useful to visitors and delivering targeted advertising and non-advertising content .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track a user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate , nonpersonally identifiable use .
Retention of Information .
We retain information for as long as required , allowed or we believe it useful , but do not undertake retention obligations .
We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice , subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information .
You must keep your own , separate back-up records .
CRACKED.COM 'S SHARING OF INFORMATION
Cracked.com shares information with third parties , but only as described in this Section 4 .
Advertisers and Others .
We share non-personally identifiable information with advertisers , service providers , and other persons with whom we conduct business .
Service Third Parties .
We contract with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to provide services to us or to you on our behalf .
Examples include providing marketing assistance , providing customer services , sending Cracked.com email to you , removing repetitive information from customer lists , and analyzing data .
These third parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions .
As we develop our business , we might sell or buy businesses or their assets , or engage in acquisitions , mergers , restructurings , changes of control , or similar transactions .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets , and your PII is subject to such a transfer .
Also , in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , customer information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser .
We may share PII , non-PII and other information with our corporate affiliates .
Corporate affiliates are those entities that we control , are controlled by us , or are under common control with us and any joint venture in which any of the controlled entities may participate from time to time .
Any use of your information by our corporate affiliates is subject to this Policy or another policy no less protective of your privacy .
Likewise , we may obtain information about you from our corporate affiliates or from your visits to other web sites that we or our corporate affiliates control .
We may share information about you with our corporate affiliates and our corporate affiliates may share information with us using cookie or any other available technology .
Compliance and Safety .
We may release PII when we believe release is appropriate to :
comply with applicable law , and to respond to legal process , including subpoenas , search warrants and court orders , and to respond to or otherwise address written complaints of copyright infringement ;
make disclosures under programs intended to prevent potential crimes or investigate persons ;
enforce or apply agreements , including the Terms ; or
protect the rights , property , or safety of Cracked.com , our users , or others , including exchanging information with other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
You must protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Please sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Your e-mails to us are not necessarily secure against interception so do not include sensitive information in them - we generally will not ask for passwords in an email and you should assume that if you get such a request , it might be fraudulent .
YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
Our Security Measures .
We have physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to help safeguard , prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use your information .
HOWEVER , WE DO NOT GUARANTEE SECURITY .
Neither people nor security systems are foolproof , including encryption systems .
In addition , people can commit intentional crimes , make mistakes or fail to follow policies .
If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty ( if any ) , you agree that the standard used to measure our compliance with that duty will be one of intentional misconduct .
The Service contains links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects your personally identifiable information .
This Policy applies only to information collected by the Service .
We reserve the right to send you customary business communications such as acceptance/rejection notices regarding content submissions , general system and administrative messages , address confirmations , and transactional information about your account , and we may not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications .
However , we provide you with the opportunity to elect not to receive other types of communications , such as friend requests or the Cracked.com of the day emails .
If you want to stop receiving these communications , you may opt by going to the Profile tab on the Site and editing your email preferences .
ACCESS AND RECORD KEEPING
Information relating to our programs is not necessarily maintained in a retrievable form .
However , you may make changes , corrections or updates to some PII provided through the Service which we use for communications with you , by going to the `` Profile '' tab on the Site .
We may keep a record of all information that is changed .
We may determine what may be changed .
For example , if we are required to keep track of certain kinds of transactions , you may be prevented from changing relevant information .
CONDITIONS OF USE , NOTICES , AND REVISIONS
Your use of the Service and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms .
If you think we are in default of the Terms , you may contact us at Our Legal Notices Address in Section 10 below .
Notice Required by Law .
In those jurisdictions that permit email notice , if we are required to disclose or provide notice of invasion of certain security systems , we will do so by email to the most current email address provided by you to us .
It is critical that you keep your email contact information correct and updated with Cracked.com at all times .
If you believe that you are a victim of identity theft entitled by law to request information from us , write us at our Legal Notice address ( see the next section of this Policy ) and we will let you know what additional information you must provide to us .
After we have received that information , we will supply without charge the information legally required to be disclosed that we then have , subject to applicable law and reserving all of our rights and defenses .
CONTACT INFORMATION AND INFORMATION ABOUT ENFORCEMENT OF OUR POLICY
Contacting Us & Our Address for Legal Notices ; Notices to You .
To send us a legal notice , mail it by certified mail ( return receipt requested ) to : Legal Department , 5808 Lake Washington Blvd .
Ste . 300 Kirkland , WA 98033 .
Copyright fax 1-425-298-2780 .
When we need to contact you , including when we give a legal notice , we may do so to a email address that we have on file for you or to your Cracked.com email account , or we may post notice on the Site .
You must keep your email address information accurate .
If we make a material change to this Policy , we will notify you by posting notice to the Site for at least 30 days and sending you an email to your Cracked.com email account or to the non-Cracked.com email address that we have on record for you .
Cracked , Cracked.com , the `` Cracked '' logo , and Demand Media are each a trademark or a registered trademark of Demand Media , Inc. in the United States and/or other countries .
Demand Media , Inc .

craigslist Privacy Policy ( updated December 5 , 2013 )
terms of use | feedback
This policy details how data about you is collected/used/disclosed when you visit our websites and services ( together , `` CL '' ) or otherwise interact with us .
If we update it , we will revise the date , place notices on CL if a change is material , and/or obtain your consent as required by law .
We take precautions to prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of data about you .
We do not run ads , other than classified ads posted by our users .
We do not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes .
We do not engage in cross-marketing or link-referral programs with other sites .
We do not employ tracking devices for marketing purposes .
We do not send you unsolicited communications for marketing purposes .
We do not engage in affiliate marketing ( and prohibit it on CL ) .
We do provide email proxy & relay to reduce unwanted mail .
CL links to third party sites - please review their privacy policies .
Data we use to provide/improve our services and/or combat fraud/abuse
data you post on CL , or send us directly or via other sites .
Please do not post private data .
credit card data , which is transmitted to payment processors via a security protocol ( e.g . SSL ) .
data you provide ( e.g . email address , name , address , phone , fax , photos , tax ID ) .
web log data ( e.g . pages viewed , access times , IP address , HTTP headers ) .
data collected via cookies ( e.g . keyword searches and `` favorites '' lists ) .
data about your devices ( e.g . screen size , DOM local storage , plugins ) .
data from 3rd parties ( e.g . phone type , general location derived from IP address ) .
We retain data as long as needed for our business purposes and/or as required by law .
We make good faith efforts to store data securely , but make no guarantees .
You may access and update certain data about you by logging into your account .
Circumstances in which we may disclose user data
to vendors and service providers ( e.g . payment processors ) working on our behalf .
to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process .
to protect our rights , property , or safety , or that of our users or the general public .
with your consent ( e.g . if you authorize us to share data with other users ) .
in connection with a merger , bankruptcy , or sale/transfer of assets to another company .
in aggregate or summary form , as long as it can not reasonably be used to identify you .
International Users - By visiting CL or providing us data , you agree we may use and disclose data we collect for purposes listed here or as communicated to you , transmit it outside your resident jurisdiction , and store it on servers in the United States .

This privacy policy was last modified on March 13 , 2013 .
CraveOnline Media , LLC ( Crave ) , a subsidiary of Evolve Media , LLC ( Evolve ) , knows that you care how information about you is used and shared .
Evolve , Crave and any and all entities that control , are controlled by , or are affiliated or under common control with , Evolve are collectively referred to herein as `` Company '' `` we , '' `` us '' or our .
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Site and related services ( the Service ) , how the information will be used , and how you can control the collection , correction and/or deletion of information .
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy .
You provide us information about yourself , such as your name and e-mail address , when you register with the Service .
Also , you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests , message boards and chat rooms , and other interactive areas of our Site .
If you correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our responses .
When you visit the Site , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Company help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site .
A cookie does not collect personal information about you .
Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled .
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you register with or view our Site , our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website .
These server logs may include information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information .
When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously .
No personally identifiable information from your Company account is collected using these clear gifs .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
The information is used to enable more accurate reporting , improve the effectiveness of our marketing , and make us better for our users .
As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way but are protected by confidentiality .
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service .
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ( for instance , in User Content you post ) becomes available to the public .
If you remove User Content , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content .
By providing Company your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices , including any notices required by law , in lieu of communication by postal mail .
We may also use your email address to send you other messages , such as newsletters , changes to features of the Service , or special offers .
If you do not want to receive such email messages , you may opt out by sending an email message to legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com with the words `` No email '' and the Site name in the subject field .
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers .
Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties .
We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used , diagnosing service or technical problems , maintaining security , and personalizing advertisements and promotions .
Company reserves the right , but has no obligation , to monitor the User Content you post on the Site .
Company has the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason , including without limitation , if in its sole opinion , such information or material violates , or may violate , any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of any third party .
Company also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party .
We use cookies , clear gifs , and log file information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of our service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP ; and ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in .
How We Share Your Information
Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others .
Company may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you .
If we do this , such third parties ' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy .
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company ( for instance , on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers ) .
As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets or business offerings .
Customer , email , and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions .
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , or dissolution .
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the law , comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates , or investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use , take precautions against liability , to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , to assist government enforcement agencies , or to protect the security or integrity of our Site ; and ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Company , our users or others .
Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases .
We may share non-personally identifiable information ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc . ) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services .
Company allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the Site .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the Site .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
The Company privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such advertisers .
How We Protect Your Information
Company uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial , and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission of information , Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information , and for controlling access to your email communications from Company , at all times .
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Company will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Your Choices About Your Information
You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information through Company , in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you .
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
The Site is designed to be of service and interest to users ages 13 and older .
If you are a minor over the age of 13 , you may only use this Site with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian .
If you are a minor under the age of 13 , you are not allowed to provide any personal information to the Company , on the Site or through any other Service provided by the Company .
Please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com .
We expect our partners , advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users .
Be aware , however , that third parties , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on message boards or in chat areas , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this document .
Links to Other Sites : We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site nor the information or content contained therein .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website , our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect .
User browsing and interaction on any other website , including those that have a link on our Site , is subject to that other website 's own rules and policies .
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding .
Third Party Advertisements and Technologies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site as is explained in detail in our Site 's Terms of Use .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser .
This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Site to target advertising within this Site .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you ( sometimes called online behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising or OBA ) .
We also use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Site , to learn which banner ads bring users to our Site and to deliver more relevant advertising .
In addition , our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Site and other websites .
We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties .
You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites .
If you would like to opt-out of being served OBA on the Site by our third-party advertising companies , click on the Ad Choices icon below and select the companies whose OBA technology you would like to block on the Site .
It is our policy to provide notifications , whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes , to you via email notice , written or hard copy notice , or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Site page , as determined by Company in its sole discretion .
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you , provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will constitute acceptance of those changes .
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site , or your dealings with this Site , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com , or send mail to :
Evolve Media , LLC
5140 W. Goldleaf Circle , Third Floor
Los Angeles , CA 90056
Attn : General Counsel

We respect your privacy and recognise that you have a right to know about the information we access or collect about you , how your information is being used by us and what we do to protect your information .
You provide us information about you on the following occasions :
When you log on to Cricbuzz Site through a third party social networking site account , you provide us your account information with such third party social networking sites which may include your email id , your profile picture and profile data .
When you create a user account on the Cricbuzz Site , you provide us with , email id , user id and password .
When you post or upload your comments , opinions and feedback on the Public Forum of the Cricbuzz Site .
When you access Cricbuzz App you allow the Cricbuzz App to access the features of your mobile device such as the phone number , your contacts , IMEI number of your device , whether a phone call is active , the number that the phone call is connected to and the like .
The access to your mobile device features is used to stop the radio commentary and terminate internet access when you make or receive a call .
However , Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your mobile device features by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of stopping the radio commentary and the internet access when you make or receive a call so as to enable you to make or receive a call without any disruption from the Cricbuzz App .
The Cricbuzz App may access your personal contacts stored on your mobile device for the purpose of enabling you to share with your contacts auto generated live scores of a cricket match via SMS as and when you wish to .
Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your contacts by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of providing you with the convenience of sharing live scores of a cricket match with your personal contacts as and when you so desire .
When you send us a feedback mail , your mobile device 's IMEI number , your device model , OS version and the Cricbuzz App version is automatically accessed by us .
Your name and email id is provided by you to us at your discretion .
The information specified in this paragraph is used for the purpose of addressing any specific issues that the user may have and for enhancing user experience and user convenience while using the Cricbuzz App .
We collect the usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site through third party tools like Google Analytics .
While we do n't know the individual user 's usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site , we collect the aggregate usage pattern of all users of Cricbuzz Site .
However , we are not aware if the third party tools that we use would store individual user specific usage pattern .
When you use the Cricbuzz Site you provide us with your IP address .
We may use cookies or similar electronic tools to store this information .
We may store a cookie on your computer or mobile device which in turn would store information about your geographical location .
We collect the geographic location of the users of Cricbuzz Site and only at the city level .
The cookie stored on your computer or mobile device may be refreshed once every month so that the information stored in the cookie is the latest and most relevant to you .
We retain the right to bust the cookie ( forcibly reset the cookie ) before the expiry of one month from the date of last refresh for any technical reasons .
However , any such cookie bust will not target any specific user and will apply to all the users of Cricbuzz Site .
Link to Third Party Sites
The Cricbuzz Site may include links to other websites or web pages .
Such sites or pages are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control .
Once you leave the Cricbuzz Site ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
How We Use Your Information
We use your information for the following purpose .
To personalise your experience on the Cricbuzz Site by presenting you advertised products and services that are tailored to you .
To communicate with you about your account or transactions and queries or issues that you may have relating to Cricbuzz Site or any of its services and send you information about features on Cricbuzz Site or changes to our policies .
To send you news alerts , match alerts and match scores ( if subscribed ) .
To optimize and improve the products and services offered by the Cricbuzz Site .
To detect and investigate any fraud or illegal activity on the Cricbuzz Site .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not rent , use , sell or transfer any information collected from you to advertisers or spammers .
We may disclose your information when it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences .
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for complying with the applicable laws and regulations .
We may disclose your information to law enforcement agencies if we believe that the Cricbuzz Site is being used for any fraudulent activities or to prevent any fraud or any illegal act that we have reasons to believe may be caused on us or through the use of the Cricbuzz Site .
Your information may be accessed by our employees during the course of their normal work , however , such employees are governed by confidentiality agreement and access is provided on a need to know basis for fulfilling the responsibilities assigned to them by us .
Your information may be accessed by third party service providers who are engaged by us to provide any services relating to the Cricbuzz Site ( such as maintenance services , database management , web analytics etc ) .
These third party service providers have access to your information only to perform the task assigned to them and are governed by confidentiality agreement .
In the event ownership or control of Cricbuzz Site is acquired by a new owner , your information may be transferred to the new owner as such a transfer may be necessary for the continued operation of the Cricbuzz Site .
Any changes to the privacy policy by the new owner will be notified here .
We take industry standard security measures to protect your information .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store user data .
All information gathered is securely stored within controlled database .
The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited .
However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
Changes to the Policy
The internet is a fast evolving medium and changes to the policy may be necessary to address any future requirements .
If we make any changes to the policy , users will be notified of the changes here .
Akuate Internet Services Pvt Ltd .
No . 190-B , 1st Floor , HN Plaza ,
Above Corporation Bank ,
100 Ft Ring road ,
6th Main , BSK 3rd Stage ,
Phone : +91 80 40965631

This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Project Investors , Inc .
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways , including , but not limited to , when Users visit our site , register on the site , place an order , fill out a form , and in connection with other activities , services , features or resources we make available on our Site .
Users may be asked for , as appropriate , name , email address , phone number .
Users may , however , visit our Site anonymously .
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us .
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information , except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities .
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site .
Non-personal identification information may include the browser name , the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site , such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information .
Our Site may use `` cookies '' to enhance User experience .
User 's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them .
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
If they do so , note that some parts of the Site may not function properly .
How we use collected information
Project Investors , Inc may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes :
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently .
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site .
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services .
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order .
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service .
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order .
It may also be used to respond to their inquiries , questions , and/or other requests .
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list , they will receive emails that may include company news , updates , related product or service information , etc .
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails , they may do so by contacting us via our Site .
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access , alteration , disclosure or destruction of your personal information , username , password , transaction information and data stored on our Site .
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures .
Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users .
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell , trade , or rent Users personal identification information to others .
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners , trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above .
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners , suppliers , advertisers , sponsors , licensors and other third parties .
We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site .
In addition , these sites or services , including their content and links , may be constantly changing .
These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies .
Browsing and interaction on any other website , including websites which have a link to our Site , is subject to that website 's own terms and policies .
Changes to this privacy policy
Project Investors , Inc has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time .
When we do , we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page .
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect .
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications .
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site , you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our Site .
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this site , please contact us at :
Project Investors Inc DBA Cryptsy.com
1300 NW 17th Ave Suite 152
Delray Beach , FL 33445
This document was last updated on July 16 , 2013

We at The Christian Science Monitor respect and protect the privacy of our users .
What information do we collect from our users and how do we collect it ?
In particular , when purchasing a subscription or signing up for an e-mail newsletter , you must provide certain contact information ( e.g. , your name , e-mail and shipping address , as applicable ) and you may be asked to provide financial information ( e.g. , credit card number , expiration date , billing address , etc . ) to be used for billing purposes and to fill customers ' orders .
If the Site has trouble processing an order , this contact information is used to get in touch with you .
We also collect anonymous , aggregated data from our website and e-mail newsletters , and provide it to our advertisers and other companies that we do business with for market research and statistical purposes .
The Christian Science Monitor may use such information to help determine ways to improve our Site .
The Christian Science Monitor reserves the right to publish non-personally identifiable , summary information regarding its website and e-newsletter visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers .
Please note that this is not personally identifiable information , only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers .
We also allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) collected during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use cookies or third party web beacons to collect this information .
The Christian Science Monitor supplies some of its subscriptions and content , such as the Digital Edition and the Historic Archive 1901 - 1980 , through third parties .
These services and purchases are processed by third-parties on behalf of The Christian Science Monitor , and such third-parties collect and store billing and credit card information solely to process these purchases .
This information will not be used for any other reason except as instructed by the Monitor .
Generally , we do not provide , sell or lease personally identifiable information to any third parties .
However , if you provide us with your postal address when subscribing to the print edition we may include that address in postal address lists that we sell or rent to third parties .
If you would like us to stop including your postal address in such lists , please send us a letter addressed to The Christian Science Monitor , P.O .
Box 98 , Boston , MA 02117-0098 , or please e-mail us , requesting that we remove your postal address from these lists .
Also , to protect site visitors and the general welfare , the site will release personal information when necessary in order to comply with the law or regulatory authorities .
You will receive advertising information from the Monitor when you sign up to receive such information on the Monitor E-mail Newsletters page .
If you submit your email address to the Site in other ways , such as submitting a comment or question , we may contact you about receiving occasional offers from advertisers .
We do not provide users ' personally identifiable information to our advertising partners .
Advertisers will only receive your personally identifiable information if you provide it to them directly .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding what is done with your information on any part of CSMonitor.com , or would like such information deleted from our records ( with the exception of postal addresses ) please e-mail us .
We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , data processing , and email and text message distribution .
These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf .
The Site 's offices are located in the United States .
If you visit the Site from another country , please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law .
U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence .
By using the Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States .
What are cookies ? How do you use them ?
`` Cookies '' are text files that are used to collect information about visits that helps us create an overall profile of how visitors use our Site and e-mail newsletters , and how often visits occur .
Cookies can not be used to collect personally identifiable information from any user 's computer - cookies can only be used in conjunction with visits within our Site and e-mail newsletters .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However , it is possible that some portions of the Site will not function properly if you do so .
For further information on cookies and their use , see the help instructions delivered with your browser or contact the browser 's manufacturer .
Is the information you collect about me secure ?
We take every precaution to protect users ' information .
When you submit sensitive information via the Site , your information is protected both online and offline from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , and unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
When the Site asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as your credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption software .
All of the Site 's employees and data processors , who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal information , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal information .
What about children using your site - is their privacy protected ?
In accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , The Christian Science Monitor does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent .
If it is learned that such information has been collected without parental consent , that information will be deleted from the Site 's database as quickly as practical or the child 's parent ( s ) will be contacted to obtain consent for the collection of the information .
And we encourage parents to get involved with their children 's online usage and to be aware of activities in which they are participating .
Finally , parents should be aware that if a child voluntarily discloses his or her name , e-mail address , etc . on various forums , or chat areas , such disclosure may result in unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should discourage your child from doing so .
What about my privacy on linked sites ?
This Site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that The Christian Science Monitor is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements and terms of service of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Site .
By using this Site , you consent to the collection of information as described in this policy .
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please e-mail us .
You may also send a letter to :
The Christian Science Monitor 's Electronic Edition
210 Massachusetts Avenue , P02-15
Boston , MA 02115

The following policy applies to users of cuny.edu and is intended to explain what types of information is gathered from users and how that information is used .
CUNY employees should also refer to the CUNY Computer User Policy < pdf > which outlines CUNY 's internal policy for the use and protection of CUNY computer resources .
The City University of New York ( CUNY ) is committed to respecting your privacy .
As an unregistered user , you can visit most of cuny.edu without revealing any personal information .
However , in order to personalize your view of our site and gain access to certain information systems , you must register and provide some personal information .
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily .
Any personal information you choose to provide us will only be used by CUNY to conduct official CUNY business .
CUNY does not sell , rent , loan , trade or lease personal information collected on this site .
For purposes of this policy , ''personal information '' means any information concerning a natural person which , because of name , number , symbol , mark or other identifier , can be used to identify that natural person .
To protect your privacy and prevent unauthorized use , please keep your IDs and passwords in a secure place .
Also , whenever you use CUNY systems from a public workstation , be sure to logout of the systems and close all web browser windows before you leave the public workstation .
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND STORED AUTOMATICALLY
A cookie is a piece of text placed on your computer by a web server .
We occasionally use ''session '' cookies on some parts of cuny.edu to enhance your experience of the site and to help you move through it easily .
Session cookies created on your computer by CUNY servers do not contain personal information .
We may use a session cookie to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer .
Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed .
If you register to personalize cuny.edu you will be asked for permission to store a ''persistent '' cookie on your computer 's hard drive .
This permanent cookie will allow the web site to recognize you and your access privileges when you visit again , and to tailor the information presented to you .
CUNY uses persistent cookies only with your permission .
Most web browsers may be customized to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies .
Rejecting or deleting cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this web site and could result in the loss of any customized setting .
Logs and Network Monitoring
We maintain log files of all access to cuny.edu and also monitor network traffic for purposes of site management and security .
We use this information to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks .
We also use log analysis tools for such purposes as creating summary statistics to determine which information is of most interest to users , identifying system problem areas , and determining technical requirements .
The following information is typically collected in these files :
the Internet Protocol address and domain name of your Internet Service Provider and/or computer , if your computer has an IP address assigned directly to it ;
the type of browser and operating system you use ;
the date and time you visited cuny.edu ;
the web pages or services you accessed at cuny.edu and amount of time spent at each page ; and
the web page from which you accessed cuny.edu and from which any page on this site was linked .
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information by the New York State Internet Privacy and Security Act .
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY E-MAIL AND ONLINE TRANSACTIONS
If you send us an e-mail , we will collect your e-mail address and the contents of your message .
We will use your e-mail address and the information included in your message to respond to you , to address the issues you identify , and to improve this web site .
We may also use your e-mail address to notify you about updates , services , special events or activities offered by CUNY or its colleges .
If you complete a transaction such as an online application or an information request form , we will collect the information , including personal information , that you volunteered in completing the transaction .
We will use this information only for the purposes for which the transaction was intended .
We may redirect your e-mail message or information you provided through an online transaction to a CUNY office other than the one which originally received the message or information in order to better respond to you .
The information we collect is not limited to text characters and may include audio , video and graphic information formats included in the message or transaction .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
You are cautioned , however , that we will treat personal information submitted in an e-mail as though it was submitted by an adult , and it may , unless exempted from access by federal or state law , be subject to public access .
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE
We may collect or disclose personal information without your consent if the collection or disclosure is :
necessary to perform CUNY 's statutory duties or necessary to operate a program authorized by law , or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation ;
made pursuant to a court order or by law ;
for the purpose of validating your identity ; or
of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in the form that can not be used to identify any particular person .
Further , the disclosure of information , including personal information , collected through this website is subject to the provisions of the U.S. Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act and New York State 's Freedom of Information Law .
We may also disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce CUNY 's rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to CUNY 's information technology assets .
RETENTION OF INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE
We retain the information collected through this web site in accordance with the CUNY records retention and disposition policy .
The retention period differs depending on the type of information collected .
Questions regarding the records retention and disposition policy should be addressed to :
CUNY Central Office Records Access Officer
The City University of New York
205 E. 42nd Street
New York , NY 10017
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE
You may submit a request to the CUNY records access officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to you has been collected through this web site .
Your request must be in made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of your identity .
Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature , inclusion of an identifier generally known only to you , or similar appropriate identification .
The address of the records access officer is :
CUNY Central Office Records Access Officer
The City University of New York
205 E. 42nd Street
New York , NY 10017
The records access officer will , within five business days of the receipt of a proper request , provide access to the personal information ; deny access in writing , explaining the reasons therefore ; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing , stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied , which date shall not be more than thirty days from the date of the acknowledgment .
If we have collected your personal information through cuny.edu and that information is to be provided to you pursuant to your request , the records access officer will inform you of your right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in Section 95 of the Public Officers Law .
We limit employee access to personal information collected through cuny.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties .
Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information .
In addition , we have implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of CUNY 's information technology assets , including , but not limited to , authentication , authorization , monitoring , auditing , and encryption .
These security procedures have been integrated into the design , implementation , and day-to-day operations of cuny.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information .
For security purposes and to maintain the availability of cuny.edu for all users , we employ software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this web site .
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
Cuny.edu contains links to , and may be linked from , sites outside of CUNY .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices , terms of use , or the content of such web sites .
A link to an outside web site from cuny.edu does not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship of such web site or its content .
CHANGES TO POLICY AND DISCLAIMER
We may change this policy from time to time , and reserve the right to do so without notice .
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business , legal or other advice , or warranting as fail proof , the security of information provided through cuny.edu .

CURSE , INC. & CURSE , LTD .
Last updated October 2 , 2012
Welcome to Curse ! Curse , Inc .
& Curse , Ltd .
As such , we have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to the Site ( s ) and users of the Curse Features how we use and protect the information we collect through the Site ( s ) .
By visiting the Site ( s ) or using any of the Curse Features , you consent to Curse ' collection , use , storage , deletion and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only applicable to the Site ( s ) and not to any other website that you may be able to access from the Site ( s ) which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies .
This policy answers the following questions :
What information do we collect about you and how do we use it ?
Will we share your personal information with third parties ?
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information ?
What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information ?
What information do we collect about you and how do we use it
Types of Information We Collect
Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you .
You do not need to submit personal information to access certain areas of the Site ( s ) , but if you do not want to disclose certain personal information to us , you will not be able to access certain aspects of the Curse Features .
We collect personal information when you create an account through the Curse Features ; subscribe to our newsletter ; participate in chat rooms , forums , polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; participate in contests , sweepstakes , other promotions , or opt into third party offers and/or newsletters ; purchase a product through the Curse Features ; register a product that you have purchased ; or receive customer or technical support .
To create an account for the Curse Features , we require you to provide your name , email address and country in which you reside .
You will also need to create a screen name .
When you are purchasing premium services or products through the Curse Features you may have to submit personal information to our billing partner , PayPal , including your email address , billing address and additional billing information depending on your preferred method of payment through PayPal , such as your credit card number .
When you enter a contest or sweepstakes with Curse , in addition to your screen name , name and email address , we will ask for your mailing address in case we have to mail you a prize , and may ask you to opt into receiving a third party 's offers and/or newsletter .
Additionally , we may also collect other types of information ( known as demographic information ) such as your gender , hobbies , occupation , platform preferences , and other game ownership information .
This demographic information may be associated with your personal information .
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information you provide to us will allow us to fulfill your product or service order ; alert you of new products or services , features , or enhancements ; handle/route your customer service questions or issues ; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities , contests , promotions , or special events and offers .
We also use your e-mail address to send you messages about the Curse Features and other general announcements .
We keep track of your interactions with us , including but not limited to your activity within the Curse Features .
We may use personal information that you provide to us to send messages to you in response to your request to perform an activity in connection with your use of any of the Curse Features .
We may also use your personal information to contact you when necessary .
Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor 's browser and are stored on the visitor 's hard drive .
Like many websites , we employ cookies in certain areas of the Site ( s ) to allow us to provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your online experience more convenient .
For example , when you return to one of our websites after logging in , cookies provide information to the website so that the website will remember who you are .
Should you disable cookies in your browser , you will have to provide your screen name and password each time you log in .
Additionally , advertisements that are managed by third parties which may appear on the Site ( s ) use cookies .
Advertisers use cookies to collect non-personal information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements .
You may not realize this information is being collected .
Advertisers use this information to monitor the performance of their advertisements .
In some cases , we may have access to information from cookies used by these advertisers on the Site ( s ) and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated such advertisers .
Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site ( s ) .
Additionally , some of the Curse Features may collect information regarding your computer system .
This information includes your Internet Protocol address , your browser type and version , the search engine you used to find the Curse Features , if any , the operating system your computer uses , the type of computer hardware you have ( such as the amount of RAM , the type of GPU or type of CPU in your computer ) which Curse Features you use and when and how long you use them .
We use this information to monitor and analyze how users use the Curse Features , to provide customer service and to maintain and improve the Curse Features .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
We take children 's privacy seriously , and encourage parents to play an active role in their children 's online experience at all times .
Will we share your personal information with third parties
We may use your personal information to provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties .
We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , affiliation , position , interests and other non-personal information about customers .
In addition , we will share the personal information we collect from you under the following circumstances :
Protection of rights .
We will share personal information if we have a good faith belief that ( i ) access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , such as a court order or subpoena , or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities , ( ii ) such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Service for the Curse Features , including any investigation of potential violations thereof , ( iii ) such action is necessary to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues associated with the Curse Features , or ( iv ) such action is appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Curse , its employees , users of the Curse Features or others .
If we become involved in a merger , acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of Curse 's assets , user information , including personal information collected from you through your use of the Curse Features , could be included in the transferred assets .
Should such an event occur , we will use reasonable means to notify you , either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site ( s ) .
We may share your personal information with service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf .
For example , have partnered with other companies to host and manage contests , fulfill product orders and prizes , and process payments .
Additionally , we may partner with other companies to process consumer surveys , or to process , analyze , and/or store data .
While providing services for us , these companies may access your personal information .
To the extent applicable , we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
Third Party Offers .
We may also share your personal information with third party partners when you have opted into receiving third party offers and/or newsletters on our Site ( s ) .
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes when you have not opted into receiving or have opted out of receiving such third party offers and/or newsletters through the Site ( s ) .
Curse 's disclosure to third party partners may be made for cross promotional purposes , but Curse will not receive compensation as the primary consideration for such disclosure .
Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third party websites linked to the Site ( s ) or third party offer and/or newsletter opt-ins provided through the Site ( s ) .
Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies , we are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information .
You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection , use and disclosure policies .
When you have clicked on an advertisement or third party logo displayed on our Site ( s ) which links you to a different website , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website .
The Curse Features may also have message boards , forums and/or chat areas , where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another .
When you post to a message board , forum or chat area , please be aware that the information you post is made publicly available on-line and you do so at your own risk .
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information
Control of Your Information
We may use third-party advertising companies , such as Yahoo ! , Google , OpenX , Lijit to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , see the Digital Advertising Alliance 's or Network Advertising Initiative 's website .
Please note that when you delete your account , we may retain your account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities .
Opting Out of Receiving Communications from Us
Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions .
If you wish to unsubscribe from any newsletters , offers , e-mails or other announcements from our third party advertising partners that you have opted into through the Site ( s ) , you will need to contact such third party advertising partner directly through their independent website ( s ) .
If you are a resident of a country outside of the European Union , you also agree that , in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Policy that you and Curse will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties .
You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five ( 45 ) days after notification ( via certified mail or personal delivery ) that a dispute exists , all parties shall join in mediation services in San Francisco , California with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute .
Should you file any arbitration claims , or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation , then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorney 's fees , even if you would otherwise be entitled to them .
Dispute Resolution for Residents of the European Union
If you are a resident of the European Union , in the event that you have any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy , you may report your claim to the European Union Data Protection Authorities located in your jurisdiction .
What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information
The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers , which are located in secured facilities with restricted access , and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information .
In addition , we restrict access to personal information to Curse employees , independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop , operate and maintain the Curse Features .
All Curse personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information .
However , no server , computer or communications network or system , or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect user information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of any of the Curse Features and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk .
Once we receive a transmission from you , we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems .
European Union and Switzerland Directive on Data Protection - Safe Harbor
Curse complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Curse has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and we will post all changes on this page .
Questions ? Contact Us
Please read the Terms of Service and Premium Subscription Additional Terms of Service governing the use of the Site ( s ) and the Curse Features .

CVS Caremark 's Privacy Commitments
Effective Date : November 30 , 2012 .
At CVS Caremark , we are committed to ensuring your privacy .
This commitment guides our decisions about how , where , and when to collect and share your personally identifiable information .
Our goal is to provide you with clear , easy-to-read explanations about our information practices in one place .
This explanatory information applies throughout our businesses and across our websites , mobile apps and social media presences for cvs.com , caremark.com , cvscaremark.com and minuteclinic.com ( `` Our Sites '' ) .
We welcome your questions and feedback about our Privacy Policy or our privacy commitments , and invite you to Contact Us .
As part of our privacy commitment to you , we want to share with you the basic components of our Privacy Policy :
We will make our privacy commitments easy to find and easy to read .
We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy before they take effect .
You have choices about what information you provide to CVS and how CVS Caremark will use your information for marketing purposes .
We will use state of the art security safeguards to protect your privacy and the data entrusted to us .
We will not sell your personal information to anyone , for any purpose .
And when we share information with our subsidiaries or trusted service providers , they too must comply with our privacy commitments .
We will listen to your feedback and answer your questions about our Privacy Policy , commitments , and practices .
We recognize the trust you place in us to safeguard your privacy .
Our privacy commitments are and will remain a fundamental part of our business , and will apply to everyone who has a relationship with CVS Caremark , including patients , customers , and visitors to Our Sites .
These commitments may well grow as our business grows and we develop new ways to interact with you , but rest assured that we will keep you informed about these changes through our updated policies .
The CVS Caremark Privacy Policy
The Scope of this Privacy Policy
CVS Caremark Sites and Mobile Apps are owned and operated by the CVS Caremark Corporation .
This Privacy Policy describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
Our Privacy Policy applies to the information collected on Our Sites and to any other information that CVS Caremark collects about you .
For information about the privacy of your personal health information , please review the CVS Caremark Notice of Privacy Practices .
Your Consent to Use Our Sites
By using Our Sites , you signify your consent to our collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Our Sites .
The Information We Collect About Customers and Users
CVS Caremark may collect different types of personal or other information when you visit Our Sites , when you place orders with us , and in other circumstances described in this Privacy Policy .
Some examples of the information we collect include :
Contact Information , which we use for contacting you regarding your orders or for services which may be of interest to you ;
Billing Information necessary for your financial relationship with us , including payment method data you store with us for the completion of orders ;
Personal Health Information necessary for filling prescription orders from CVS Caremark .
We may also collect Personal Health Information while providing you services at CVS MinuteClinic .
This information is also protected under our Notice of Privacy Practices ;
Technical Information relating to your use of our Sites or mobile apps .
How We Collect Information About Customers and Users
CVS Caremark collects information in four primary ways :
When you provide us with information when you purchase or interact with us about products or services offered by CVS Caremark ;
When you register as a user of a CVS Caremark Site ;
When we collect technical information automatically when you visit Our Sites ; and
When we obtain information about you from your employer or health care plan in connection with your prescription orders .
How We Use Information About Customers and Users
CVS Caremark may use the information we collect in a variety of ways to enhance our customers ' experiences , including to :
Process your orders for products or services ;
Improve customer services ;
Respond to your questions ;
Deliver you customized content , advertising and savings that may be of interest to you ;
Communicate with you regarding updates , offers , and promotions ;
Monitor and ensure Site integrity and security ;
Investigate , prevent , or take action relating to illegal activities , violations of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy ; and
Aggregate non-identifiable information for business analysis .
Online Activity Tracking and Advertising
We collect information about your activity on Our Sites and through our advertisements using technologies such as cookies , including third-party cookies , web beacons and server log files .
We and our third party business partners use this automatically generated information , as well as other information that we or they have , to provide you with an optimal website experience .
This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions them , and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on Our Sites and third-party sites .
Our Sites may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for CVS Caremark and other third parties on Our Sites and elsewhere on the web .
To opt-out of these type of cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) website by clicking here .
Remember that even if you opt-out through the NAI website , you can still receive tailored offers through your CVS ExtraCare savings and rewards program , which can be accessed through mycvs.com .
How We Share Personal Information
CVS Caremark will only share your personal information in manners described within this Privacy Policy .
We do not sell your personal information to anyone for marketing purposes .
With CVS Caremark Companies : CVS Caremark and its subsidiaries may share your personally identifiable information with one another to ensure that your experiences as a customer or user of CVS Caremark Sites is as seamless and enjoyable as possible .
With Third Party Companies : In limited circumstances , CVS Caremark may share your personally identifiable information with third party companies to provide you with technologies , services , or content that may be of interest to you , or to assist us in fulfilling your orders .
In all instances in which CVS Caremark shares your personally identifiable information , we require that the recipient agrees to protect it in a manner consistent with this privacy policy .
In Other Circumstances : CVS Caremark may share your information in other limited circumstances , including :
Responding to requests from law enforcement officials or judicial authorities or to otherwise cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter ;
Responding to matters of personal or public safety ;
In litigation , investigations , and other legal matters where the data is pertinent ;
To investigate security incidents ;
In the event of the sale or transfer of CVS Caremark or of some of our assets , or in the context of similar business negotiations .
Anonymous and Aggregate Information
We also collect technical , non-personal information about Site users .
CVS Caremark may also remove personally identifiable information to create anonymous data .
This data can not be used to identify any individual , and we will not attempt to re-identify later or allow others to do .
CVS Caremark uses and shares this data for historical , statistical , or business planning purposes .
Our Online Privacy Policy for Children
CVS Caremark Sites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13 .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know to be under the age of 13 .
We instruct users under the age of 13 not to send any information to CVS Caremark through our Sites .
Our Data Protection and Security Policy
We maintain industry standard security measures , including SSL encryption , to protect sensitive data such as when it is stored by CVS Caremark and when you send it to us .
We ask all third parties acting on our behalf to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to implement comparable data protection and security policies .
We maintain personal information for registered Site users in accordance with our Records Retention Policy and Procedure , and you have the right to change your membership information or status at any time .
CVS Caremark Customer Privacy Choice and Control
You have the ability to review , modify , or request the removal of personal information we collect about you .
Certain information may be retained , however , to satisfy legal obligations .
You may choose to limit the types and frequency of communications you receive from CVS Caremark .
You may choose to end your relationship with CVS Caremark at any point .
Our Privacy Commitments to Employment Applicants
We collect information , including personal contact information , education and work history , as well as Social Security numbers in order to process and consider your application .
Your application information will not be sold to unaffiliated third-parties for marketing purposes .
The information on your application may be shared with background services and our affiliates and used for certain regulatory , compliance and legal purposes .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be prominently posted on the CVS Caremark Privacy Site so that you are aware of any changes in the data we collect and how we use it .
If you register and provide us with a valid email address , we will notify you by email of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy .
You will be given the opportunity to opt in to any significant new uses of personal information if that information was collected prior to the change in this policy .
If you do not opt in to any significant new uses of your personal information , that information will continue to be governed by the policy in effect at the time your information was collected .
If you do not register , we will not have your email address and can not provide you with any notifications of Privacy Policy changes .
Your Personal Health Information
In some circumstances , CVS Caremark 's use of your information will also be subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( frequently referred to as 'HIPAA ' ) .
For example , when you are submitting personal health information for prescription refills , or you provide information to during a visit to the MinuteClinic or through the Patient Center My Records at MinuteClinic.com , we are subject to the requirements of HIPAA .
In these circumstances , the terms of CVS Caremark 's HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply .
If you have questions about which policy applies to information you have provided us , please do not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , CVS Caremark will not sell or transfer your personal information with third party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent .
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions more generally about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers and Site users should not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 .

Daily Kos : Privacy
You are free to peruse our website anonymously and we will collect no personal information from you unless you choose to provide that information to us .
We do , however , collect non-personally identifiable IP addresses and web site usage information when you visit Kos Media 's websites ! stuff
If you choose to provide your personal information by creating an account , purchasing a subscription , sending us an email , or filling out a contact form and submitting it through our website , you may receive emails from Kos Media , LLC related to Kos Media websites .
If you signed up for our email list you will receive email updates from Daily Kos .
You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time .
If you participate in a joint action with a partnering organization you may receive email updates from the partner as well .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our partners so we encourage you to read their privacy policies .
We use cookies to allow you to quickly navigate and use all of the functionality of the site .
You may also receive cookies and web beacons from third party network advertisers .
They do not collect any personally identifiable information .
This privacy policy applies only to Kos Media , LLC and does n't apply to third parties .
For more info on how third parties collect and use this information , you can go here :
You can visit Google 's Ads Preference Manager to opt out of Google 's use of cookies .
You can also visit Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page to opt out of other third parties ' use of cookies .
Our websites may contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that Kos Media , LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before sharing your personal information .
Return policy for merchandise
Daily Kos merchandise is sold and shipped by Blue Collar Distribution .
You can read their return policy here :
Donations to Daily Kos are not tax-deductible .
Daily Kos does not provide any goods or services in return for donations .
Facebook/Twitter : Daily Kos allows users to connect their Facebook and Twitter logins with their Daily Kos logins .
In doing so , we are only accessing Facebook 's and Twitter 's API to verify you are whom you say you are .
We do not have access or store any private information .
Subscriptions can be canceled at anytime and you can manage your subscription from the user profile page .
No refunds are given for canceled subscriptions , but any time remaining will be honored .
If you 're banned from posting or commenting on Daily Kos , your subscription will still be honored , but the no refund policy still applies even for lifetime subscribers .
So be good !
Kos Media , LLC reserves the right to update our privacy policy at any time .

Privacy policy & cookies
Please note , this privacy policy applies to this website or our mobile applications ( for example our iPhone , android and iPad apps ) ( a Site ) .
If you do not accept this privacy policy and cookies notice , do not use this Site .
Associated Newspapers Ltd is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc group ( DMGT ' ) .
Members of the DMGT group may , use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out below .
For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website .
When you create or log in to an online account you agree to our privacy policy and cookie notice .
Information collected from your use of this website or our mobile applications ( for example , iPhone , android and iPad apps ) will be processed in accordance with this notice .
Please see our cookies notice .
Information we may hold about you
Information you 've provided to us , including our websites
Information about products and services you 've ordered or enquired about
Information provided by other companies who have obtained your permission to share information about you
Information about your interaction with adverts and services such as registration , comments
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device ( for example , this may be a PC , phone or tablet ) about your use of MailOnline and/or selected third party websites .
For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see our cookies notice below .
Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device and is required for your device to communicate with websites
Technical information from your device relating to the service you receive
Information relating to the location of the device you use to access our Site .
Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it .
Message boards , blogs and other public forums
Please note , the Site makes message boards , blogs and other such user generated content facilities available to users of the Site and registered users can provide content for and participate in these facilities .
Any information that is disclosed in these areas of our Site becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information .
For more information , please click on the Site 's Terms and House Rules .
Email a friend and share this article facilities
Please note , when you use these facilities and provide us with personal data ( e.g . the name and email address ) of a third party , please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details .
Location-based and user specific services
Delivery of certain content on the Site requires you to agree to the use of your location ( for example to deliver content , advertising or services such as weather that need to be relevant to where you are ) along with an anonymous device identifier to enable us to recognise your browser or mobile device and provide these services across subsequent visits to our Site .
To enable the delivery of these services we will use ( i ) the latitude and longitude of your location and ( ii ) your Identifier for Advertisers ( IFA ) code for your iPhone , or the Android ID on Android or , place a unique cookie on the browser of your device when you first visit the Site , or a similar identifier as applicable ( each a Device Identifier ) .
See our Cookies notice for more information on the use of cookies and Device Identifiers on our Site .
Your location will be determined either from a lookup of your public IP address ( sent in the request for content to our servers ) from a public GeoIP database ( effectively giving us the location of your Internet Service Provider ) , or directly from the device depending on its capabilities and the permissions granted to access this information .
If you consent , your location and Device Identifier will be used so that we can , together with our advertisers , provide content and advertising which is relevant to both you and your location ( called Personalised Advertising ) .
Please see Internet Based Advertising , Advertising Services below for further information .
You can unsubscribe from these user and location based services or withdraw your consent to receiving Personalised Advertising at any time by setting the Do Not Track ' preference in your browser .
More information about how to do this is available by visiting our controlling interest based advertising and other third party cookies ' page .
You can also set the Limit Ad Tracking ' property located in the settings screen of your Apple iPhone or iPad , or by resetting your Android ID through many of the apps that do this available in the Play Store .
You can also stop all information collection by uninstalling applications on your device .
You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device .
How we may use your information
By using this Site , you agree that we may collect , hold , process and use your information ( including personal information ) for the purpose of providing you with the Site services and developing our business which shall include ( without limitation ) :
Verifying your identity ( for example when you return to the Site )
Personalising your visits to the Site and developing the design and style of the Site to improve the services provided to you
Informing you about the latest changes to the Site , or products , services or promotional offers that you might find interesting
Dealing with , and responding to you about , a comment you have submitted for or on our message boards , blogs and other such user generated content facilities
Enabling you to share our content with others e.g . using our Email a friend and Share this article facilities
Informing you if you have been successful in any Site competitions or promotions
Carrying out statistical , technical and logistical analysis
According to your preferences , communicating ( and personalising such communication ) with you :
To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services
To send you direct marketing .
This may include communications by post , telephone or email or SMS about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a reader of ours
To provide you with personalised services , such as providing with you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising .
This includes where we have agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you
To provide you with location based services such as weather information based on your location
To provide you with advertising more relevant to your interests and your online behaviour through the use of cookies when you visit our website ( s )
We may share your personal information with other companies within the DMGT group of companies
Subject to obtaining your consent , we may also supply personal information about you to third parties
We may transfer , sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale , merger , consolidation , change of control , transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business .
You can opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe ' link in the direct marketing/newsletter emails from us .
Your can opt out of marketing text messages replying STOP ' .
Or you can use the contacting us ' details at the end of this privacy notice .
Online behavioural advertising ( OBA )
If you do not want to receive online advertising where this advertising is relevant to your interests , or do n't want information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section below on cookies .
Cookies used by the A & N Media Advertising Network & Associated Newspapers .
In order to fund our websites we run advertising on them much of this advertising is run by the A & N Media Advertising Network .
To make its advertising more relevant and effective , the network uses a range of technologies provided by third parties ; many of which use cookies .
Cookies are files that store small amounts of information on your computer or other device ( for example , your mobile phone ) .
None of the cookies that we use contain information such as your real name or address , so you can not be identified personally by them .
Some of the cookies used by our websites are set by us , and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf .
We gather anonymous information such as on the types of pages visited , and keywords searched on in order to build an overall , but anonymous , picture of interests or preferences based on individual users browsing habits so that we can offer a more personal experience .
To this information , we include information relating to a user 's country , region and connection type gathered from elements of the IP of the browsing device .
This practice is a core method used by our group to make our online advertising more efficient for our advertisers and more relevant to consumers .
With permission from our advertisers , we also collect information about their sites , for use on their advertising campaigns .
This is often called Retargeting , or Remarketing , and involves showing ads to groups of users that have , for example , visited that client 's homepage .
We will also gather information , still anonymously , on the users that reach an action page on an advertiser 's site .
This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for a client , and therefore how effective our advertising is .
In order to know how many advertisements we serve , how many times these are clicked , how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate , we use cookies when we show advertisements on a page .
As well as our licensed ad servers , ads are also often served from third-party ad servers , such as those of media agencies , which all use cookies to track the same metrics as ours do .
For more information about interest based advertising and how to turn this feature off , please see our cookies notice below .
In order to protect our advertisers ' brands , we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane , sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics , before serving an ad there .
This process is called Ad Verification , and these technologies use cookies to count ads served , those blocked , clicked and engaged by a user ( i.e . they have hovered over them with their cursor ) .
For a list of cookies served to specific A & N Media websites and MailOnline , please see our cookies notice below .
For more information about other cookies , please see our privacy policy and cookies FAQs .
No data transmission over the internet can be entirely secure , so we do not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the Site .
However , we use reasonable endeavours to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorised access or use by using encryption technology .
In addition to these safeguards , your personal information is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 1998 .
This provides that the information which we hold about you should be processed fairly and lawfully , should be accurate , relevant and not excessive , not be retained for longer than is necessary and , if applicable , be kept up to date .
You should be aware that when you use our websites , mobile sites , or mobile apps , we may collect information by using 'cookies ' .
If you 'd like to learn how to manage these cookies and 'opt in ' and 'out ' of different types , please see our privacy policy and cookie FAQ .
What are cookies and how do they work ?
Cookies are small bits of text that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website .
Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again , so it can recognise you and can then tailor what you see on the screen .
What do you use cookies for ?
Cookies are an important part of the internet .
They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites .
There are many different uses for cookies , but they fall into four main groups :
( i ) Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for
Some cookies are essential so you can move around the website and use its features .
Without these cookies , services you 've asked for ca n't be provided .
These cookies do n't gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you 've been on the internet .
Here are some examples of essential cookies :
Keeping you logged in during your visit ; without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to .
When you add something to the online shopping basket , cookies make sure it 's still there when you get to the checkout .
Some are session cookies which make it possible to navigate through the website smoothly .
However these are automatically deleted after you close your web browser .
( ii ) Improving your browsing experience
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make , such as your language or region and they provide improved features .
Here are a few examples of just some of the ways that cookies are used to improve your experience on our websites :
Remembering your preferences and settings , including marketing preferences .
Remembering if you 've filled in a survey , so you 're not asked to do it again .
Remembering if you 've been to the site before .
If you are a first-time user , you might see different content to a regular user .
Restricting the number of times you 're shown a particular advertisment .
This is sometimes called 'frequency capping ' .
Showing you information that 's relevant to products of ours that you have .
Enabling social media components , like Facebook or Twitter .
Showing 'related article ' links that are relevant to the page you 're looking at .
Remembering a location you 've entered such as weather forecasts .
( iii ) Analytics
We like to keep track of what pages and links are popular and which ones do n't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date .
It 's also very useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate ( find their way through ) our sites and if they get 'error messages ' from web pages .
This group of cookies , often called 'analytics cookies ' are used to gather this information .
These cookies do n't collect information that identifies you .
The information collected is anonymous and is grouped with the information from everyone else 's cookies .
We can then see the overall patterns of usage rather than any one person 's activity .
Analytics cookies only record activity on the site you are on and they are only used to improve how a website works .
Some of our websites and some of the emails you might get from us also contain small invisible images known as 'web beacons ' or 'tracking pixels ' .
These are used to count the number of times the page or email has been viewed and allows us to measure the effectiveness of its marketing and emails .
These web beacons are anonymous and do n't contain or collect any information that identifies you .
We also use 'affiliate ' cookies .
Some of our web pages will contain promotional links to other companies ' sites .
If you follow one of these links and then register with or buy something from that other site , a cookie is sometimes used to tell that other site that you came from one of our sites .
That other site may then pay us a small amount for the successful referral .
This works using a cookie .
Learn how to manage your analytics cookies .
( iv ) Showing advertising that is relevant to your interests
We sell space on some of our sites to advertisers .
The resulting adverts often contain cookies .
The advertiser uses the browsing information collected from these cookies to :
restrict the number of times you see the same ad ( frequency capping ) ;
and help show other ads that are relevant to you while you 're on our websites .
This is often called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) .
OBA is a way of using information about your web-browsing activity , collected by using cookies , to group you with other users into interest groups and show you advertisements based on those interests .
The OBA data collected from cookies you get when you 're on our sites is only used to show relevant ads on our sites , not on other websites .
Sometimes our websites contain ads for our own MailOnline or Daily Mail products .
These ads use cookies in the same way as described above .
So how does OBA work ? Let 's look at an example .
Imagine you visit a website about travel .
That website shows an advert and with that advert you receive a cookie .
Imagine you then visit one of our websites which has an advert from the same advertiser you saw on the travel site .
The advertiser will give you a new version of the cookie you received on the travel site .
The advertiser can then use that cookie to recognise that you 've previously been to a travel site and show you a relevant ad .
Although the OBA data collected uses your browsing activity to understand your interests , the data is anonymous and is n't linked to you as a person .
Even if you log in to our websites , the OBA data is still not linked to you .
Neither we , nor the companies who show ads on our sites sell data collected from cookies to any other organisations .
It 's easy to control interest based advertising and manage your cookies if you want to .
For more information , see our controlling interest based advertising and other third party cookies ' page or visit or our privacy policy and cookie FAQs .
A Device Identifier is a tool with an equivalent function to that of a cookie which is used to target and track the effectiveness of content and advertising delivered to users of our mobile applications .
You can reset your Device Identifier at any time through the Advertising settings on your iPhone , or opt out of sending this information by setting the Limit Ad Tracking ' option located in the on your iPhone .
Contacting us and accessing your personal information
We may charge a small administration fee ( not exceeding the maximum permitted by law ) in relation to fulfilling a request for access to personal information .

This Policy governs the use and collection of your information by A.H. Belo Corporation and its affiliated companies ( collectively , AHC , we , us , or our ) when you use certain of AHC 's digital products , including any of our websites , mobile versions thereof , and downloadable mobile applications that display an authorized link to this Policy ( collectively , the Services ) .
This Policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us offline or through any means other than the Services .
For example , this Policy does not apply to information you provide when you subscribe by postal mail , telephone , at a live event , by survey , or by invitation to a sweepstakes .
Please read this Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices .
By using any of our Services , you agree that your use and any dispute over our privacy practices are governed by this Policy as well as our Terms of Service , including the limitation of liability , indemnity , forum selection , and governing law provisions contained in the Terms of Service .
As technologies evolve rapidly , we reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time .
Any such changes to our Policy will be posted promptly on this page .
We will update the Last Updated date to reflect the effective date of the changes .
This Privacy Policy explains the following :
What types of information we collect
What cookies , scripts , and beacons are and why we use them
How we use your personal information
With whom we share your personal information
Other parties that may collect information when you use our Services
How you can opt-out of sharing your personal information or receiving our promotional communications
How you can update your personal information or registration information
What safeguards we put in place to protect your personal information
What you should know about third-party sites and advertising
Whether we knowingly collect personal information from children under 13
How you can contact us
What you should know about phishing
When this privacy policy is effective and how changes to the privacy policy are posted
What Types of Information Do We Collect ?
The information we gather falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information ( e.g. , your name , e-mail address , mailing address , etc . ) that you voluntarily supply when you register , initiate transactions , or communicate with us ; and ( 2 ) information collected automatically when you navigate our Services or read our e-mail newsletters .
In some cases , a vendor or service provider of ours collects information on our behalf .
Third-party providers featured on or linked to by our Services may also gather information through processes that we do not control .
As such , collection of such information is subject to the third-party 's privacy policies .
Registration and Other Personal Information
When we use the term Personal Information in this Policy , we are referring only to information that uniquely identifies a specific individual such as the individual 's name , phone number , mailing address , or e-mail address .
It may also be information about an individual 's online activity .
We may ask you for Personal Information when you register for or use various aspects of our Services , including when you order products or services , complete a survey , enter a contest , or report a problem with our Services .
We may also collect contact information about other individuals when you use the sharing ' tools available within our Services to share content or offers with your friends and associates .
As such , please note that if you use any send-to-friend features of our Services , your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend .
Much of the information we collect is compiled into aggregated statistics , such as traffic generated by visits onto various pages or the surfing habits and preferences of our audience .
Such aggregated information does not include any information that would specifically identify you and does not constitute Personal Information under the Policy .
Such information is often used to diagnose and resolve server problems , analyze trends , and improve our products , services , and offerings .
As such , we may disclose Aggregated Information or other similar data and metrics to third parties as we see fit .
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Services
We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services , including :
Your browser type , browser identifiers , language , plug-ins , Internet domain , and operating system ;
Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online ) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;
The site you visited before visiting our Services and the site you visit after leaving our Services ;
Content and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services ;
Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;
Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies ;
Information about your interactions with our video content , such as the type of content viewed using our Services ;
Information about your interactions with our e-mail messages , such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message ; and
Standard server log information .
With your consent , we also may also collect information about the real-time location of mobile devices you use to access our Services .
We use this information to provide you with content and location services you request , such as location-based weather reports and traffic maps .
We may also make location-based offers that might interest you , enable you to submit user-generated content based on your location , and otherwise improve your experience using our Services .
To use our Services , you are not required to consent to the collection of location-based information and can adjust the settings of your mobile device to turn it off .
What Are Cookies , Scripts and Web Beacons and Why Do We Use Them ?
What are Cookies ?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored within your browser .
Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites and companies you visit so that companies may recognize your browser as you navigate online .
We use cookies for the following general purposes , among other purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor so that we may save and remember any preferences that may have been set when you last visited us .
For example , if you register for our Services , we may store your username and password to save you time and convenience when you visit .
To help control the display of advertisements you see and customize the content you encounter while using our Services .
To help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns as well as to improve the quality and effectiveness of our content , features , advertisements , and other communications .
Some of our third-party affiliates may also place cookies within your browser .
We do not control these cookies .
You may set your browser to accept or reject most cookies , but blocking cookies may prevent access to some of the features of our Services .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies
In delivering our Services , we may use scripts , web beacons , and/or similar technologies to collect information about your use of our Services .
We use web beacons to improve your experience when you use our Services through providing you with content , advertising , and offers customized to your interest , as well as to understand whether our users read email messages and access links contained within those messages .
How Do We Use Your Personal Information ?
We believe we can enhance your experience using our Services by analyzing the information you share with us .
We analyze the Personal Information you share to improve our advertising and marketing efforts , to statistically analyze Services usage , to improve our content and product offerings , and to personalize the content , layout , and features of our Services .
We also use your Personal Information to respond to your comments and questions .
We may also use your Personal Information to contact you regarding products and/or services that we think may be of interest to you unless you have elected not to receive these promotions .
We may also match Personal Information we collect through our Services with other information about you supplied by third parties so that we can provide you with customized product and content offerings , as well as to otherwise improve our advertising and marketing efforts .
After registering with one of our Services , you may receive communications from us related to products and services that we believe will interest you .
Although we hope you will find these communications informative and useful , you can opt-out from receiving these types of communications from us by changing your privacy preferences in your member profile or by deleting your profile from our database .
Please refer to How Can You Opt-Out of Sharing Your Personal Information or Receiving Our Promotional Communications ? for additional information and instructions .
With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information ?
We may share any information that we collect with any company that is directly or indirectly owned , controlled , or operated by AHC .
This is so that AHC and its affiliated companies can communicate with you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you .
The use and further disclosure of the information collected through our Services by our affiliated companies will be governed by this Policy .
Vendors , Service Providers and Provider Partners
We currently have and will continue to have arrangements with third-party vendors and service providers ( e.g. , credit card processors , shipping companies , fulfillment services , etc . ) that assist us with the operation and development of our Services .
We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect , provided that they commit to use the Personal Information only in relation for the services they provide for us or our users .
To make our Services more valuable to our visitors , we may offer some features of our Services in conjunction with other unaffiliated companies ( Provider Partners ) that specialize in operating such features .
For example , we may offer a car buying service , personalized finance and weather information services , social networking tools , sweepstakes offers , or other promotions through cooperative arrangements with Provider Partners .
We share Personal Information with our Provider Partners as is useful or necessary for them to provide you with the features that they offer through our cooperative arrangement with them .
Some of these Provider Partners may also collect their own Personal Information in connection with providing their services .
Their use of such information will be subject to their own privacy policies .
Please refer to What Other Parties Might Be Collecting Information When You Use Our Services ? for additional information .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Policy or within our Services , we reserve the right to release Personal Information about our users when we deem such release to be appropriate to comply with law , respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests , enforce our Terms of Service , or protect the rights , property or safety of our users , the public , AHC , our affiliates , or any third party .
Over time , we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services , we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties , in connection with any proposed or actual purchase , sale , lease , merger , foreclosure , liquidation , amalgamation , or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance , or financing of all or any portion of AHC or our affiliates .
What Other Parties Might Be Collecting Information When You Use Our Services ?
Third-Party Advertising , Data and Analytics Companies
We work with third-party advertising companies and data providers to focus and serve some of the advertisements you see on our Services and websites , to send e-mails on our behalf , and to provide related analytics , forecasting , and optimization services .
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with , including DoubleClick and Google , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
Some of the ads you see in our Services may contain cookies and web beacons that are managed by other third parties ( e.g. , advertisers or their advertising agencies ) that we do not control .
If you have questions regarding the data collection practices of any of the advertisers that appear on our Services , we encourage you to contact the applicable advertiser .
We also engage Omniture , a third party analytics company , to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users to help us improve our Services .
For information about Omniture 's information collection practices and related opt-out choices , click here .
When you visit our mobile websites or use our mobile applications , third-party mobile advertising networks in which we participate may collect certain information , including your unique device ID and information about your wireless carrier , carrier user ID , the make , model , and operating system of your device , cookies stored on your mobile browser , location information , and information about how you navigate within our Services .
These networks may collect and track such information over time and combine it with other information collected when you access other mobile websites and applications that participate in the network to display advertising that is customized to your interests .
Blogs , Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas
This Policy only addresses the use and transfer of information that we collect from you .
To the extent that you disclose any information to other parties , whether through interactive features , third-party services , or promotions offered on or through the Services , or through other websites throughout the Internet , different policies will apply and AHC will not be responsible for the use or dissemination of such information .
Our Services may offer social network tools , message boards , chat rooms , or other forums or interactive areas you can use to communicate with other users or to submit and post your own content ( such as stories , blogs , photos and videos , and the like ) .
If you disclose Personal Information in one of these forums , the information can be viewed , collected , and used by others .
AHC is not responsible for the dissemination of information you disclose in these forums .
We encourage you to consult the forum rules and the Terms of Service regarding the policies and procedures that apply to that portion of our Services .
Co-branded Sites and Services
Our Services may operate as part of a larger group of sites and applications and may carry co-branded pages .
In addition , other third-party sites or applications may use the AHC name or the name of one of AHC 's affiliated companies or Services .
Since AHC does not control the privacy policies of third parties , you are subject to the privacy policies , if any , of such third parties .
AHC will not be responsible for the use or dissemination of your Personal Information by such parties .
Therefore , we encourage you to ask questions and review those parties ' privacy policies before you disclose your Personal Information to others .
How Can You Opt-Out of Sharing Your Personal Information or Receiving Our Promotional Communications ?
You may choose to opt-out of sharing Personal Information in several ways .
When choosing to use certain features of the Services , you may choose whether to share optional Personal Information in connection with the feature .
If you receive e-mail , phone , or mail communications from one of our websites that you prefer not to receive from , you may opt-out from receiving these communications by modifying the notifications options in your registration profile .
You may change your contact options at any time by following the process described in How Can You Update Your Personal or Registration Information .
Attn : Opt-Out Request
Dallas , TX 75202 .
Please note that changing the contact preference options described above will not affect your receipt of any wireless text message communications you may have registered to receive .
Attn : Opt-Out Request
Dallas , TX 75202 .
You may opt-out altogether from providing Personal Information to us by not registering on the Services , or registering for any AHC-sponsored promotion , and thereby not providing Personal Information .
You may also choose at a later date to have your name removed from our database by deleting your registration profile .
To do so , please follow the process described in How Can You Update Your Personal or Registration Information .
How Can You Update Your Personal Information or Registration Information ?
For certain services and options , we require you to register a profile with us online and provide information including , but not limited to , your name , street address , city , state , zip code , ( collectively , Registration Information ) ..
You can manage your Registration Information by accessing your online profile .
We use this procedure to better safeguard your Personal Information .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your profile or making changes .
You may also change or delete your profile and its related Registration Information from our database using this procedure at any time .
You should know that if you choose to delete your profile , certain aspects of our Services may no longer be accessible to you .
Go to myaccount.dallasnews.com and sign in with your dallasnews.com username and password .
Click Update Profile and edit the appropriate fields .
To opt-out of receiving offers and notifications via email , click Manage Notifications and unselect the option .
What Safeguards Do We Put in Place to Protect Your Personal Information ?
AHC does its best to maintain reasonable safeguards to protect the security and integrity of the Personal Information that you provide to us .
However , no security system is impenetrable and we can not guarantee the security of our database nor can we guarantee that the Personal Information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
For purposes described in this Policy , Personal Information may be transferred to , processed , stored , and accessed by us , our affiliates , and our service providers in the United States and in jurisdictions where any of us may operate .
Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may , in certain circumstances , be entitled to access your Personal Information .
By using the Services , you consent to this transfer , processing , storage , and access of your Personal Information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside .
What Should You Know About Third-Party Sites and Advertising ?
Our Services include links to many third-party websites and provide access to products and services offered by third parties whose privacy policies we do not control .
Any use of a third-party website is AT YOUR OWN RISK .
When you access another website , purchase products or services from it , or conduct transactions through third-party links , use of any Personal Information you provide will be governed by the privacy policy , if any , of the third-party website .
AHC assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices , if any , of the operators of any such linked websites .
The mere linking to a third-party website does not imply endorsement or sponsorship by AHC of the website , products , or services offered on the third-party website .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act
We do not knowingly collect nor do we encourage the collection of any Personal Information from anyone below the age of 13 .
Do not use the Services if you are under the age of 13 .
How Do You Contact Us ?
What Should You Know About `` Phishing ? ''
What we do NOT do : a warning about phishing .
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , login name , or password , in an unsecured or unsolicited e-mail or telephone call .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to us .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority .
Your California Privacy Rights .
When is this Privacy Policy Effective ? How Do We Post Changes to the Privacy Policy ?
This Policy is effective as of October 1 , 2013 .
AHC reserves the right to modify the terms of this Policy at any time by posting a change notice to this page and/or on the Services .
Your continued viewing , browsing , use or access of an AHC Service following our posting of a change notice will constitute your binding acceptance of those changes .
We care about your privacy and strive to protect your Personal Information .
However , AHC recognizes that there are often circumstances beyond our control .
In these situations , please be aware that unauthorized access to your Personal Information may occur .
If access occurs , we will do our best to rectify the situation , but we are not liable for the damages or effects of such breach .
To aid in the protection of your Personal Information , please use caution when accessing on Services on any public computer .
Recognize that public computers are not considered secure and that using your personal login or account on a public computer or network may comprise its security and your Personal Information .
We are not liable for any damages that may result from such a security breach .
We may , in our sole discretion , terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Services for any reason , including breach of the Terms of Service or the Policy .
If we terminate your access or account , you agree that the following provisions will survive ( as defined by the Terms of Service ) : the provisions regarding limitations on your use of Content , the license ( s ) you have granted us , and all other provisions for which survival is equitable or appropriate , including indemnity and limitations of liability .
Please refer to the Terms of Service for more information .
This Policy along with our Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and us , and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or other communications ( written or oral ) between you and us .
In entering into these agreements , all parties represent and warrant that they did not rely upon any prior representations , discussions , agreements , or negotiations not otherwise contained in the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and that the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy constitutes the entire agreement between the parties .
We may amend our policies and terms at any time .
If you do not accept the Policy , Terms of Service , or any amendments thereto at any time , you agree to discontinue your use of our Services .
Governing Law ; Statute of Limitations .
This agreement will be construed , interpreted , and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without application of choice-of-law provisions that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction .
By accepting this agreement , all parties irrevocably submit themselves to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts of Dallas County , Texas , with regard to any dispute between them , arising under , or relating to this agreement .
The parties also hereby waive any venue or personal jurisdiction challenge they may have to a lawsuit relating to or arising under this agreement that has been filed in a state or federal court in Dallas County , Texas .
You agree to file any claim you have arising out of or related to the Services within one 1 year after the claim accrues ; otherwise , such claim will be permanently barred .
Severability ; No Waiver .
If any provision of the Policy is found to be unenforceable , that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible , and the remainder of the Policy will continue in full force and effect .
Any failure of ours to enforce or exercise any provision of the Policy or related right will not constitute a waiver of that right or provision .
We control , operate , and administer the Services from the United States .
We make no representation that any material on our Services is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States .
Illegal access to the Services from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited .
You may not use the Services or export them in violation of U.S. export laws , rules , and regulations .
If you access the Services from a location outside the United States , you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws .
Communications from us to you will be sent via electronic mail .
You agree that this satisfies any legal requirement of in writing from us to you .
We provide a monitored and active email address for you to report abuse .
Any notices or communications from you to us must be in writing , in English , and sent to the address below :
Attn : Christine Larkin
Dallas , TX 75202 .

DateHookup.com - Privacy Policy
Last updated April 5 , 2013
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by DateHookup.com , operated by Search Floor , Inc. , ( we , us or DateHookup.com ) , how that information may be used , with whom it may be shared , and your choices about such uses and disclosures .
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us .
By using our website , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
The information we collect
We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and email address and other information that does not identify you .
When you provide personal information through our website , the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world .
Information you provide .
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website or provide to us in some other manner .
This includes identifying information , such as your name , address , email address , and telephone number , and , if you transact business with us , financial information such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) .
We also request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information such as your hometown or your username .
Information from other sources .
We may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other IAC businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties and add it to our account information or other information we have collected .
Information about others .
We may collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us , such as their name , address and email address .
If you use our website to send others ( friends , relatives , colleagues , etc . ) a product as a gift , we may store your personal information , and the personal information of each such recipient in order to process those requests or facilitate future activities .
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information .
We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our site .
Information collected automatically .
We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our website .
This information includes your IP address , your browser type and language , access times , the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us ( see `` Cookies '' below ) , and the referring website address .
Cookies and Use of Cookie Data .
When you visit our website , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site , such as the web pages you visit , the time and date of your visits , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our site .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our website .
Other cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to the registration data you have submitted to us , e.g. , your email address , in hashed , non-human readable form .
No personally identifiable information is contained in these cookies .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our site .
We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email messages to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
Information collected by third-parties .
We may allow third-parties , including our authorized service providers , IAC companies , advertising companies and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
How we use the information we collect
We may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver the products and services that you have requested .
manage your account and provide you with customer support .
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our products , services , or content , or products , services or content offered by others .
communicate with you by email , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , other IAC companies or other third parties .
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests .
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes .
enforce or exercise any rights in our terms and conditions .
manage our business .
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
register you with and display your profile on other online dating and other social websites owned by IAC , such as match.com and websites operated by People Media .
We may use financial information or payment method information to process payment for any purchases made on our website , enroll you in the discount , rebate , and other programs in which you elect to participate , to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and otherwise as needed to manage our business .
If your personal information is submitted through our website when applying for a position with our company , the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application .
We may retain your personal information for a period of time , but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions .
This information , which may include your name and contact information , prior education and experience , and other information you provided to us , may be shared with other IAC companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions , as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect , maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings .
Please review Your choices about collection and use of your information below .
With whom we share your information
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared .
We may share personal information with :
Service providers : We may share your personal information , which may include your name and contact information ( including email address ) , with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , member screenings , supporting our website functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our website .
We may also share your name , contact information and credit card information with our authorized service providers who process credit card payments .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
Other IAC businesses .
IAC 's businesses include the online dating websitesmatch.com , chemistry.com , OkCupid.com , SpeedDate.com and the websites operated by People Media ( ourtime.com , seniorpeoplemeet.com , blackpeoplemeet.com and other sites listed onpeoplemedia.com ) .
We may share information we collect , including your profile and personal information such as your name and contact information , photos , interests , activities and transactions on our website , with the IAC companies .
As part of our online service , your profile may be registered on and/or appear in search results or other areas of other online dating websites owned by IAC .
All IAC companies comply with the IAC Consumer Privacy statement .
Business partners : When you make purchases on our website , we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you the applicable products , services or advertisements .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
We also may disclose your information , including personal information :
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Anonymized and non-personally-identifiable information .
We may share non-personally-identifiable information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with IAC companies and third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our website and on websites of third parties , and to analyze and report on advertising you see .
We may combine non-personally-identifiable information we collect with additional non-personally-identifiable information collected from other sources .
We also may share anonymized , non-personally-identifiable information with third parties , including advisors , writers , researchers , partners , advertisers and investors .
This data may be used for commercial and research purposes and analysis , including for studies , articles , and essays , as well as media and entertainment purposes .
There are a number of places on our website where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on our website , you may be taken to a website that we do not control .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those websites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting .
How you can access your information
If you have an online account with us , you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account and clicking on Settings .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
If you have an online account with us , you also may delete or disable your account at any time by visiting the `` Settings '' page for your account .
If you delete or disable your account , we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity , as well as to prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , enforce our terms and conditions , take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our users , or take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
In addition , if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy , retention of that information will be subject to those third parties ' policies .
Your choices about collection and use of your information
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions on our website .
You may be given the opportunity , in any commercial email that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
We request a reasonable time to process an opt-out request .
We may send you other types of transactional and relationship email communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Please note that changing information in your account , or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications , will only affect future activities or communications from us .
If we have already provided your information to a third party ( such as a service provider ) before you have changed your preferences or updated your information , you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party .
You can also control information collected by cookies .
See Cookies below for information about declining or deleting cookies .
How we protect your personal information
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email .
Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission 's website for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft .
Information you provide about yourself while using our service
We provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others or upload content such as photographs .
Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Although our website is a general audience site , we restrict the use of our service to individuals age 18 and above .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Visiting our websites from outside the United States
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our website from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy .
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
We recommend that you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies .
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices , or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please contact us by email or postal mail as follows :
8300 Douglas Avenue , Suite 800
Dallas , Texas 75225
( 347 ) 903-3283
All rights reserved .
Cookies : A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record keeping purposes .
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
Cookies on our website do not link to or store your personal information .
For example , when you sign in to our website , we will record your user or member ID and the name associated with your user or member ID in the cookie file on your computer .
We also may record your password in this cookie file , if you indicated that you would like your password saved for automatic sign-in .
For security purposes , we will encrypt any usernames , passwords , and other user or member account-related data that we store in such cookies .
In the case of sites and services that do not use a user or member ID , the cookie will contain a unique identifier .
We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities , such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site , content and advertising .
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings .
Click `` Help '' in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions .
If you do so , some of the features and services of our website may not function properly .
We may allow third-parties , including IAC companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties , but they may collect information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver ( such as click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc . ) , and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites .
They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third-party 's privacy policy .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
This policy covers the use of cookies by DateHookup.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Web Beacons : Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies .
Unlike cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages ( or in email ) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website .
Third parties may use anonymous information about your visits to our site and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .

Our Policy Behind Our Privacy Policy
We refuse to make you read through pages and pages of boring text about a policy that does nothing but trick you into not reading it .
Because we have every intention of protecting your privacy , we have made our privacy policy clear and concise enough that you will read it and feel comfortable using our site .
We 're here to help you , not put you to sleep !
Respecting the privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us .
We realize that providing us with personal information is an act of trust .
Therefore , we have created a Privacy Policy to show you the steps we have taken to secure that trust .
Please take a few moments to read this policy carefully .
In certain instances , you may be asked to provide personal information on our site .
This information is for administrative or transaction use only .
We use it to fulfill orders you have placed , better understand and serve your needs , and provide services tailored to you .
Non-personally identifiable information may be collected by our web-based tools for the purpose of online advertising and is completely anonymous .
This information may include such information as your IP address , date and time of visit , domain type , and their activity on our website .
None of this information , individually or grouped together , can be traced back to you as an individual .
In web language , a cookie is used to store data on a computer 's hard drive .
Almost all websites utilize cookies to one extent or another .
Some of our web-based tools utilize cookies .
These cookies only collect and utilize non-personally identifiable information .
We do not use your information for any purpose without your consent .
Your information will not be accessible to anyone other than our staff or business affiliates whose services you have requested .
This information is specifically used by our affiliates to provide you with services you have requested and is not redistributed in any way .
All that to say , we wo n't sell your information to all the spammers that clutter your inbox !
We make every effort to keep you informed of our own special events , news and offers .
Periodically , we send announcements via email or direct mail .
If you do not wish to be contacted by our office , simply click on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email newsletter .
Note : We 'll have to hand over the information you provide if we 're ordered to do so by a court of law .
We are determined to keep your information private .
We have even added measures to protect your personal information during transactions .
For example , when you supply us with your debit card or checking account information to make a purchase , we encrypt your information to ensure a safe and secure transaction .
Your payment information is temporarily stored on a secure server before processing .
All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access .
We use vendors that specialize in providing secure online payment solutions .
None of your payment information can be accessed via the internet .
Hey , we buy things online , too , so we understand how important this issue is to you !
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy .
You are welcome to call our Customer Care Center at 888.22.PEACE between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. CST to speak with a customer service representative .
Brentwood , TN 37027
Still awake ? Thanks for reading this privacy policy !

Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information
The Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information applies to Dell Inc. and its worldwide corporate affiliates ( `` we '' or `` our '' ) , but not to those Dell corporate affiliates that have published their own privacy and security statements .
This privacy statement also does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties , even if their websites are linked to our website .
We recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with whom you interact .
This privacy statement governs personal information we collect from our customers and online from our website users ( `` you '' ) , through Dell products , services , software , websites , contacts or our relationship with you .
Please refer to your warranty statements and Dell 's Return Policy for policies that apply to information contained on hard drives returned to Dell .
For the purposes of this privacy statement , `` corporate affiliates '' means any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by Dell Inc .
`` Business partners '' means any subcontractor , vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products , services or information .
`` Personal information '' means information that identifies you , such as your name , telephone number and email address .
How We Use Personal Information
How We Can Access Your Information
Selecting Your Information Preferences
How We Secure Your Personal Information
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons
Third-Party Websites and Services
Changes to Our Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User information
We may ask you to provide personal information when you
Use our website ;
Request quotes , services , support or information ;
Place orders for products or services ;
Apply for credit card or financing ;
Participate in surveys , sweepstakes or other promotional activities ;
Subscribe to newsletters , promotional emails or other materials ;
Apply for a job , submit your resume/CV or create a candidate profile ; or
Information we may request includes your email address , name , home address and telephone number .
If you make a purchase , we may ask for your credit card number and billing information .
We may also ask for your Social Security number and other data to process your credit or financing request .
Job applicants may be requested to provide information such as educational background , employment experience and job interest .
We may also collect demographic information , such as your business or company information , age , gender , interests , preferences and favorites .
Forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary .
We may collect information about your visits to our websites , including the pages you view , the links and ads you click , search terms you enter , and other actions you take in connection with the Dell websites and services .
We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type and language , access times , the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Dell , information collected through one source may be combined with information obtained through other Dell resources .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties .
Some Dell services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company .
If you register for or use such services , both Dell and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services , and may use the information according to each company 's privacy statement and other agreements with you .
How We Use Personal Information
Dell uses your personal information to :
Deliver the services and support , or carry out , the transactions you have requested ;
Send communications to you , such as product safety information , your transactions status ( for example , order confirmations ) , information about products and services available from Dell and its corporate affiliates , promotional offers and surveys ;
Customize , analyze and improve our products , services ( including the content and advertisements on our website ) , technologies , communications and relationship with you ;
Enforce our conditions of sale , website terms and/or separate contracts ( if applicable ) with you ;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities ;
Protect the security or integrity of the website , our business , or our products or services ; or
Otherwise , as disclosed to you at the point of collection .
Personal information collected may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Dell or its corporate affiliates , subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities , and by using Dell products and services ( including our website ) , you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country .
We may share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request , or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs , which includes our corporate affiliates providing you with information about Dell , and Dell-branded products and services .
We may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement , fraud prevention or other legal action ; as required by law or regulation ; or if Dell reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Dell , its customers or the public .
In addition , we may share your personal information to carry out transactions you request with business partners that help Dell or our corporate affiliates to customize , analyze and/or improve our communication or relationship with you .
This may include requests relating to Dell and Dell-branded products or services .
We will only share your information with business partners who share Dell 's commitment to protecting your personal information .
Except as described above , we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent .
How You Can Access Your Information
Dell wants to help you keep your personal information accurate .
To view or edit your personal information that has been stored online in your Dell 'My Account , ' please visit the My Account/Premier Account sections of the dell.com website .
For the security of your account , you will be required to sign in with your login ID and password .
Selecting Your Communication Preferences
You may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from Dell by indicating your preferences .
Opportunities to select your preferences include the following :
The My Account/Premier Account sections on Dell.com allow you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from Dell.com , and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services ; and
At any point you can also visit our List Removal Page and request to be removed from our advertising and marketing lists ( catalogs , telephone , faxes and email ) ;
At the time you save a cart while shopping online , you can choose to receive email reminders ;
Any marketing by Dell , or any third parties on behalf of Dell , will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws .
Please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect .
Because some promotions , such as direct mail catalogs , are developed in advance , you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your preference request .
How We Secure Your Personal Information
Dell wants to help you keep your personal information accurate .
To view or edit your personal information that has been stored online in your Dell 'My Account , ' please visit the My Account/Premier Account sections of the dell.com website .
For the security of your account , you will be required to sign in with your login ID and password .
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Dell takes children 's privacy seriously .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites .
If you are under 18 years of age , please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian .
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies
Dell websites use Dell and third party `` cookies '' to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience .
A cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer 's hard drive .
Depending on the settings you have selected , your browser adds the text to your device as a small file .
You can change the browser settings as described below ; many browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
We use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly .
Targeted Display Advertising by Dell and Others
Dell also works with third party advertising and personalization partners that use cookies to help us display personalized content and appropriate advertising during your visits to Dell.com and other websites .
Cookies placed by our third party partners also assist us with measuring the performance of our advertising campaigns .
Similarly , third parties use cookies to deliver advertising for companies other than Dell to you on the internet , whether you are on Dell.com or another website , based on your visits to Dell.com and other websites and to measure the effectiveness of those advertising campaigns .
These cookies assist the third parties in identifying the pages you view , the links and ads you click on , other actions you take on those web pages , and the site from which you came before arriving at a web page .
Learn more about targeted advertising and how to opt out .
Targeted Email Marketing by Dell
Some marketing you receive , including email marketing , may also be personalized based on your visits to Dell.com and your browsing and purchase history .
In addition , when you click on some links in email marketing you receive , our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser .
This cookie would be linked to your email address and used to gather information about the products and services you view and purchase on Dell.com .
Information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive .
You may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Dell websites and services that depend on cookies .
How We and Our Partners Use Web Beacons
Dell or third parties with whom we have contracted or sub contracted , may use web beacons on our website , in our emails , in our advertisements on other websites , or in our advertisements in others ' emails .
Similarly , third parties whose content or ads appear at Dell.com , or whose emails Dell.com sends to our users , may also place web beacons in their ads or emails for purposes of measuring the effectiveness of the content , ads or email .
A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email .
Web beacons help us measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways .
For example , web beacons may count the number of individuals who visit our website from a particular advertisement or who make a purchase from our website after viewing a particular advertisement or they may tell us when a web page is viewed and provide a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
Web beacons may also measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns , by counting the number of individuals who open or act upon an email message , determining when an email message is opened and determining how many times an email message is forwarded .
The information we collect through web beacons may include some limited personal information , and web beacons allow us to recognize users by accessing Dell cookies .
We may also combine the information that we collect through web beacons with other personal information we have collected from you .
We use all of this information to better tailor our marketing to you and may use this information for other purposes , such as to enable a shopping cart , customize content on our website and undertake internal research .
We prohibit web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to access your personal information .
We may allow third parties to compile individual information or aggregated statistics from the use of web beacons on Dell.com by Dell , its agents or others , to enable such third parties to determine the effectiveness of online marketing and to allow such third parties to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser 's site .
Aggregate information is anonymous and may include demographic and usage information .
No personally identifiable information about you is shared with partners for this research .
You can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies .
Third-Party Websites and Services
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our website may collect personally identifiable information about you .
The information practices of those third-party websites linked to Dell.com are not covered by this privacy statement .
We generally use the `` External Link '' symbol to mark links that go to third party sites .
Please be aware that , in providing services on Dell 's behalf , our business partners may collect personal information about you .
Changes to Our Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User information
We will occasionally update this privacy statement .
If we make changes to the Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information or make any material changes to how Dell will use your personal information , we will revise the Privacy Statement to reflect such changes and revise the statement 's effective date , included at the end of this section .
We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Dell is protecting your personal information .
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices , please write to us at the following address :
Round Rock , Texas 78682
Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information Effective Date : June 18 , 2012 .

Date effective : January 7 , 2013
This Privacy Policy describes our practices related to the use , storage and disclosure of information we collect from or about you in the course of providing commercial air travel services at Delta.com and through our Fly Delta App .
Delta reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice .
We will post any changes on delta.com so please check regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations .
If you have any further questions or comments , contact us using the Email Us page .
PRIVACY POLICY FOR DELTA AIR LINES MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This Privacy Policy describes our practices related to the use , storage and disclosure of information we collect from or about you in the course of providing commercial air travel services through our Fly Delta App .
For policies related to your use of our Website , visit delta.com .
Delta reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice .
The privacy policy link within the App will point your device to our most current policy , so please check regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations .
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU ( INFORMATION YOU TYPE IN )
After download , the App solicits information from you .
You may access most tools and features either as a guest , or logged in with your SkyMiles credentials , including SkyMiles number , last name and SkyMiles account PIN .
Logging in allows the added convenience of access to SkyMiles account information if needed while traveling .
However , if you do not log in and use the application as a guest , you still have access to most features .
You are given the option to enter travel-related and personal information while using certain features of the App .
The App allows you to enter and store personal information for use in travel clearance functions .
The information you enter may include first and last name , passport or government ID ( number , country of issue , expiration date ) , passenger redress number , gender , date of birth , and country of residence .
To use the feature allowing direct payment of baggage and travel-related fees through the App , you will need to provide your payment information , including payment card number , expiration date and billing address .
You may also choose to store photos and text notes for parking and travel reminders , along with company travel information , travel preferences and phone or e-mail contact information needed to communicate with others in transit .
AUTOMATIC ACCESS AND DATA COLLECTION FROM YOUR DEVICE
The App may access certain device information and/or components automatically .
This access is only for the purpose of providing the services within the App you choose to use .
A push notification token ( not your native manufacturer device ID ) will be used to send push notifications to your mobile device with updates for flight times , gate changes and flight cancellations .
The App will activate your camera if you choose to take a picture for a parking reminder , and store the photo .
If you choose , the App can access your device calendar to save itinerary information in your personal schedule .
It can also bring up your default e-mail program to enable you to send notes and reminders while traveling .
The calendar and photo functions are user-initiated .
If you have first provided permission through your device , Delta may obtain pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity .
You are able to withdraw your permission for Delta to acquire pinpointed location information from your device through your device settings , although Delta does not control this process .
The App can use the geo-location features ( GPS or network-based ) to support your use of location-based tools such as airport/map views , city code search , displaying local Delta Sky Clubs , and locating parking spaces .
HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR DEVICE
We collect and use the information about you and your device collected through this App , as well as other information obtained from our website or network and your device , your account , to maintain and provide you with the Services , to respond to your questions and instructions , to maintain the integrity of our network and address security issues , to investigate or take action regarding violations or suspected violations of law or our terms , and to improve such Services .
At times , we may promote the Fly Delta app via internet advertising .
If you click on such an advertisement on an external web site and navigate directly to the iTunes App Store or other platform , non-identifying information such as your phone 's device number may be sent to the advertising network , so that they and we may track the effectiveness ( i.e. , conversions ) of our advertising .
In addition to conversion events , it might also be used for frequency capping , estimating the number of unique users , debugging , or security and fraud detection .
TRACKING PREFERENCES AND OPT-OUT
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing the App 's access to your location data by disabling location tracking features as provided in your native device settings features .
You may also refrain from using application features that collect specific types of data .
You may opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the App .
You may use the standard uninstall , application and data management processes available as part of your mobile device or via the removal features provided in your chosen mobile app store or network .
Once you have uninstalled the App , all information it stored is deleted , including any preferences you previously set around location permissions and whether you 've allowed Delta to send you push notifications .
Once the App is uninstalled and preferences are deleted , the push notifications stop .
When you use Fly Delta , a unique ID ( which varies by device manufacturer and operating system ) is read from or associated with your device to be used as an anonymous identifier for analytics and performance purposes .
We do n't store the ID , or share the ID or other unique information collected or used by the app with third parties , except for service providers such as Adobe , whose analytics product generates this ID to track and analyze the performance of our app .
We do not use information gathered within the app to serve you targeted advertisements .
The `` limit ad tracking '' or similar advertising-related privacy settings offered by device manufacturers do not change how your device is tracked by Delta .
When you use Fly Delta , a unique ID ( which varies by device manufacturer and operating system ) is read from or associated with your device to be used as an anonymous identifier for analytics and performance purposes .
We do n't store the ID , or share the ID or other unique information collected or used by the app with third parties , except for service providers such as Adobe , whose analytics product generates this ID to track and analyze the performance of our app .
We do not use information gathered within the app to serve you targeted advertisements .
The `` limit ad tracking '' or similar advertising-related privacy settings offered by device manufacturers do not change how your device is tracked by Delta .
SHARING WITH SOCIAL MEDIA
You may wish to share information and activities from this app with social media platforms .
To utilize social media sharing features , you will be prompted to grant permissions within those platforms , as you choose .
For Facebook updates , you will need to allow account login and publishing permissions .
This enables you to : post questions and content to a feed , upload photos/videos , add likes and comments , create notes and post to events and groups .
To facilitate login , the app will store your account credentials for the appropriate social media platform .
Activity and data shared from the app to these platforms is covered by the internal privacy policy of each platform .
The App will store user- provided data for as long as you use the related feature of the App , unless you choose to delete it .
Only information provided for travel clearance , purchases and related activities will be stored in our operational systems as needed to provide your requested services .
As with the website , if you delete your Delta Sky Miles Account , we will delete the data stored in that account .
Information Security is important to Delta .
We have established appropriate physical , electronic and managerial safeguards to protect the information we collect from or about our users .
These safeguards are regularly reviewed to protect against unauthorized access , disclosure and improper use of your information , and to maintain the accuracy and integrity of that data .
WEBSITE POLICY , NOT THIS POLICY , APPLIES TO DELTA.COM INTERACTIONS
This policy applies to your device-based interactions with the Fly Delta app only .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time , as new versions of the App and service offerings are modified or expanded You may visit Delta 's Privacy and Security page to view a current copy of our Mobile Privacy Policy .
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the App , or have questions about our practices , please contact us via our Customer Care page here .
WHAT INFORMATION DOES DELTA GATHER AND HOW IS IT USED ?
We collect information about your visits to our sites , such as your Internet service provider , browser type , operating system , pages accessed on our sites and the date and time of access to optimize your user experience and enhance your time spent with us online .
We also receive information telling us what site you came to our site from .
When you send us an email using the Email Us page , we will retain the content of the email , your email address , and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have .
We also use this information to measure how effectively we address your concerns .
WHAT TYPES OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ARE COLLECTED ?
The types of information you provide to us voluntarily , both from your browser and from transactions with Delta and our SkyMiles Partners and Promotional Partners .
Types include , but are not limited to :
Name , address and telephone numbers
Cell phone , fax and pager numbers
SkyMiles account number and flight information
Credit/debit card number ( s ) , associated billing address and expiration date ( s )
Travel-related information such as travel company , emergency contact ( s ) , seating preferences , medical needs and dietary requests
Passport number , nationality and country of residence
Personal information and preferences provided by Internet activity , survey responses and marketing efforts
Corporate contract , employer or affiliation ( such as employer name , title and contract information )
Information from the use of products or services such as online check-in , airport kiosk access and self-service devices
We retain your name , and may retain other personal information such as mailing address , email address or credit card number when appropriate .
We may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests , demographics , experience with our products , and contact preferences .
We may combine this information with information about you which we gather from other sources .
We may use the information to design offers customized to your interests .
If you have provided us with an email address , we may send you email messages related to your transactions with us .
We and our SkyMiles Partners and Promotional Partners may also send informational or promotional email messages to you , which you may opt out of receiving as described below .
HOW DO I UPDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION SUCH AS MY ADDRESS ?
We ask that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible so you may get the maximum benefit from delta.com .
Go to your Manage Your Account to make your changes .
HOW IS MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION PROTECTED ?
For more information on how we secure your transactions , read our Security statement below .
HOW DELTA USES COOKIES , TAGS , AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Delta uses cookies , tags , and other similar technologies .
These technologies allow us to recognize your preference information , keep track of your purchases , remember your SkyMiles number and facilitate effective site administration .
We use the information we collect to enhance your visit to delta.com and to provide you with information tailored to your needs .
Your Internet browser ( s ) may offer you the option to refuse cookies ; however , doing so may affect your use of some portions of Delta 's and our partners ' web services .
Please refer to your browser options or other browser instructional materials to learn more about cookie management .
Delta has engaged third party tracking and advertising providers such as DoubleClick to act on Delta 's behalf to track and analyze your usage of our sites through the use of cookies , pixel tags / web beacons , and similar technologies .
These third parties collect , and share with us , as we may request , web site usage information about visits to our sites , measure and research the effectiveness of our advertisements , track page usage and paths followed during visits through our sites , help us target our Internet banner advertisements on our sites and on other sites , and track use of our Internet banner advertisements and other links from our marketing partners ' sites to our sites .
The information collected on Delta 's behalf by these third parties does not contain your name , address , email address , or any other personally identifiable information .
To see further information about cookies on delta.com and opt out of some as you choose , see the descriptions and links below .
To learn about the available mechanisms for opting out of cookies and technologies related to interest-based advertising , see the descriptions and links below .
The website at Delta.com , whether accessed on a computer or a mobile device , is not at this time configured to read or respond to `` do not track '' settings or signals in your browser headings , which vary by browser provider .
In lieu of a browser-based opt-out solution , we have identified below certain Digital Advertising Alliance and other approved methods for placement of `` opt-out '' cookies .
Our site and those of our third party advertisers or other vendors are configured to read and honor these opt-out cookies , so long as they are present on your computer .
( If you delete all cookies , you will need to reset your opt-out cookies . )
Specific instructions on how to do so follow .
However , please be aware that Delta does not control these opt-out processes .
When you use the Fly Delta , mobile app , a unique ID ( which varies by device manufacturer and operating system ) is read from or associated with your device to be used as an anonymous identifier for analytics and performance purposes .
We do n't store the ID , or share the ID or other unique information collected or used by the app with third parties , except for service providers such as Adobe , whose analytics product generates this ID to track and analyze the performance of our app .
We do not use information gathered within the app to serve you targeted advertisements .
The `` limit ad tracking '' or similar advertising-related privacy settings offered by device manufacturers do not change how your device is tracked by Delta .
TYPES OF COOKIES AND TAGS ON OUR SITE
Functionality : Used to remember your preferences for using the site and for facilitating transactions such as flight searches and purchases .
Performance or Analytics : Used to anonymously measure site activity to improve visitor experience .
Targeting : Used to display information and offers that specifically interest you .
TRACKING PREFERENCES AND OPT OUT
In the first section below , we provide links to resources for opting out of different types of online tracking and interest-based targeting .
To opt out of 1st party tracking on delta.com , you may choose from these options :
Click here to opt out of analytics and usage tracking on delta.com
Click here to opt out of content targeting on delta.com
*Note : A preference cookie is required to maintain a record of your Do Not Track preference for future visits .
This section provides tools for opting out of tracking on 3rd party networks :
Click here to visit the Network Advertising Initiative site to set preferences and opt out of third party targeting programs
Click here to opt out of the Google Ad Network ( Doubleclick , AdSense )
Click here to opt out of Google Analytics
Click here to opt out of Adobe Site Services
EU visitors can find general information and opt-out resources at youronlinechoices.eu and US visitors can see aboutads.info .
WITH WHOM DOES DELTA SHARE MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We do not sell your name or other personally identifiable information to third parties , and do not intend to do so in the future .
We routinely share your information with our SkyMiles Partners and Promotional Partners and our subsidiaries including Delta Connection Carriers .
From time to time , we may engage third parties to process your information on our behalf , or to assist us in improving our services and/or products ; however , Delta requires that these third parties comply with Delta 's Privacy Policy when processing your information .
When you purchase services or products through Delta that are to be provided by another party ( for example , a travel segment on another carrier , hotel accommodations , or rental car ) , we share your information with the third-party so that the third-party can provide the services or products you requested .
We may also receive information about you from the third-party providers .
We may share with third parties anonymous , aggregated information about all our users .
Please note that the security regulations of several countries may require us to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to the data you disclose to us and data that we have about you and your travel plans , history , or status .
We may disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process .
Personally identifiable information and travel data may also be collected , used , processed and transferred to facilitate travel , including obtaining immigration and customs clearance , and to comply with , or assist in the development of , security or safety measures for passengers , baggage or cargo .
We reserve the right to collect , use , process and disclose personally identifiable information and travel data to protect the rights or property of Delta , our customers , our websites , or their users , for fraud detection or prevention , for the prevention , detection , apprehension or prosecution of criminal acts or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interest of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable .
If your ticket is purchased pursuant to a corporate incentive agreement , we may disclose personally identifiable information concerning your travel to your employer or corporate travel manager .
HOW DO I OPT OUT OF BEING CONTACTED BY DELTA FOR PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES
You may request to be removed from Delta 's informational and promotional email subscription lists or designate email preferences several ways :
You can log in and visit our SkyMiles Partners and Promotional Partners on delta.com if you want to modify your subscription , email and contact preferences .
You may contact us by using the Email Us page if you have questions about removing your name from our subscription lists .
You may call our Customer Care Offices at +1-404-773-0305 if you have any questions about changing your contact preference or require assistance in removing your name from our subscription lists .
Assistance in changing contact preferences for those with disabilities is available at +1-404-209-3434 .
HOW DOES DELTA COMPLY WITH THE CHILDREN 'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT ( COPPA
Delta does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian may contact us by using the Email Us page , and we will remove the information and unsubscribe the child from any promotional contact opportunities .
This site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites , and Delta 's Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected from you by those sites .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you .
When you are leaving our site via a link to interact with a site that is not governed by our privacy policy , a new browser window will open .
If your interaction with our site will require sending your information to a third-party site that is not governed by our privacy policy , we will clearly inform you before your information is sent .
Information Security is important to Delta .
We have established appropriate physical , electronic and managerial safeguards to protect the information we collect in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
These safeguards are regularly reviewed to protect against unauthorized access , disclosure and improper use of your information , and to maintain the accuracy and integrity of that data .
This privacy policy is current as of the effective date stated on this page .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
You may visit Delta 's Privacy and Security page periodically to view the most current copy of our Privacy Policy .
We want to give you more opportunities to earn miles .
One of the ways we do this is by sharing your information with Promotional Partners .
Typically , these promotional offerings are limited in in quantity and geographic reach and targeted to specific demographic audiences .
If you fall within the audience a Promotional Partner is trying to reach , you may receive a promotional e-mail or direct mail .
Of course , if you do not want to receive a promotional mailing from one of these partners , you can always opt-out via e-mail or by calling the SkyMiles Service Center at 800-323-2323 .

4:32 PM on 03.25.2006
Destructoid is a trusted community site so we hold ourselves to the highest privacy standards .
Simply put -- We would never sell your email address , nor share it with with anyone , or ever spam you -- ever , end of story .
We also have everything in place to keep the bad guys out .
We would also never ask you for your passwords , credit card , phone , etc .
We do n't even care if you do n't give us your real name , to be honest .
Did you know ? You have a privacy account page to help you manage your information .
By becoming a member of the Destructoid video game community , you are only agreeing to become a virtual person in our world and discuss video games .
Seriously , that 's all there is to it .
Easy , eh ? Yes , as it should be .
( ahem ! )
We also follow all rules set forth by the Online Privacy Alliance
Destructoid.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information .
When we display an advertisement on your computer , we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Destructoid.com does , like other Internet advertisers , collect certain information which can not personally identify you .
( Specifically : Cookies ! ) This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use , type of browser used .
There are some cases where you , the Internet user , may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad ( a survey or purchase order form ) .
In such cases the third party advertising with Destructoid.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser .
The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request .
Furthermore , Destructoid.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of Destructoid.com .
Destructoid does not sell its own ads .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Web Site , other web sites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you .
In layman 's terms : it 's just a cookie that says `` hey you saw this ad already '' or `` ok , he clicked on a banner ad for leather rock pants , lets show this guy more of those . ''
We do n't share any information from your personal account with advertisers .
Gaikai Service ( The thing that lets you play PC games in the browser on Destructoid
( i ) Entities that are not affiliated with Associate , such as Gaikai ( collectively , Providers ) may provide certain products and/or services ( e.g. , the Gaikai Service ) on behalf of Associate ; and
( ii ) Associate may disclose and/or share with Gaikai ( as a Provider ) certain data and other information regarding visitors ' usage of the Associate Site ( collective , Usage Data ) , and/or regarding the individuals who access and use the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content by means of the Associate Sites , and may allow Gaikai ( as a Provider ) to collect and use certain Usage Data and other information regarding such individuals , their respective computer system configurations and performance characteristics , and their use of the Gaikai Service and the Licensed Content .
Such information may include information that is not personally identifiable ( e.g. , computer CPU , graphics card , stability of Internet connectivity , latency , etc . ) , and may also include personally identifiable information regarding such individuals ( e.g. , email addresses , etc . )
and/or information that some jurisdictions consider to be personally identifiable information , such as an IP address .
HEY YOU - USE COMMON SENSE IN ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVITIES
Even the best policy ca n't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances .
Unscrupulous advertisers , hackers , and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets .
Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities .
Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication .
Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages , including online greetings .
Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board , your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail ( also known as spam ) .
Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so .
Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name , password , or credit card information .
Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information .
Always monitor your children 's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use .
For more information , click here for the Internet Education Foundation 's Online Safety Guide for Kids .
I will do our best to reply within 48 hours .

DHL International GmbH . ( hereinafter called 'DHL ' ) is pleased that you have visited our website and are interested in our company , products and services .
It is important to us to protect your personal data during handling throughout the entire business process .
Please be aware that the national legal requirements for data protection and the handling of personal data may vary from country to country .
Therefore , please visit relevant DHL country websites to learn more about country specific information on data protection .
In the following , we explain what information DHL global collects when you visit our website and how this information is used .
Personal data is specific information about personal or factual characteristics relating to a certain natural person or a natural person who can be specified .
This includes information such as your real name , address , telephone number and date of birth .
Information which can not be directly linked to your real identity - such as favorite websites or number of users of a site - is not considered personal data .
Collection and Processing of Personal Data
DHL is committed to preserving the privacy of users of our websites .
When you visit our web pages , our web servers always temporarily save for security purposes the connection data of the computer connecting to our site , a list of the web pages that you visit within our site , the date and duration of your visit , the identification data of the type of browser and operation system used as well as the website through which you linked to our site .
Additional personal information such as your name , address , telephone number or e-mail address is not collected unless you provide this data voluntarily , e.g . while completing an online contact form , as part of a registration , survey , competition , fulfillment of contract or an information request .
Certain areas of the DHL websites including , but not limited to , MyDHL require registration or a password for access .
Information obtained from users of these areas may also be used for DHL 's marketing purposes within the limits of national law .
DHL provides a right of access and rectification of personal data under the applicable legislation .
Certain shipment data will be provided to the authorities of the country of transit or destination for customs and tax clearance or for security screening , as required by the laws of such country .
The information provided would usually include : shipper name and address , receiver name and address , description of the goods , number of pieces , weight and value of shipment .
Utilization and Passing On of Personal Data
We use the personal data which you have made available to us exclusively for technical administration of the web pages and to fulfill your wishes and requests - thus primarily for fulfillment of a contract concluded with you or to answer your request .
In turn , it helps us improve the services we offer to you , and to make our website 's content and services easier to use and more appropriate to you .
Only when you have previously granted your approval or - if so stipulated by legal regulations - have not raised an objection do we also use this data for product-related surveys and marketing purposes .
DHL does not share , sell , transfer or otherwise disseminate your personal data to third parties and will not do so in future , unless required by law , unless required for the purpose of the contract or unless you have given express consent to do so .
For instance , it may be necessary to pass on your address and order data to our contractors when you order products .
DHL would like to contact you in order to provide you with the latest information about updates to our website or our offers , news , products and services .
If you contact or register with DHL on our web pages , we sometimes request that you indicate whether or not you would like to receive direct advertising material from us .
If you are already a customer of DHL , you will naturally continue to receive necessary information about important changes in connection with existing contracts ( e.g . rate changes ) .
Use of Web Tracking
We use tracking software to determine how many users visit our website and how often .
We do not use this software to collect individual personal data or individual IP addresses .
The data are used solely in anonymous and summarized form for statistical purposes and for developing the website .
`` Cookies '' are small files that enable us to store information related to your PC and you , the user , specifically , while you visit one of our websites .
Cookies help us to determine how frequently our internet pages are accessed as well as the number of users .
And they help us configure our offers so that they are as convenient and efficient as possible for you .
On the one hand , we use what are called `` session cookies '' , those that are stored exclusively for the duration of your visit to one of our internet pages .
On the other , we use `` persistent cookies '' for retaining information about visitors who repeatedly access one of our internet pages .
The purpose of using cookies is to be able to offer you optimal user guidance as well as to `` recognize '' you and thus be able to present ( as much as possible ) diversified internet pages and new contents during repeated use .
Generally , we do not create an individual profile of your online activities .
The content of a persistent cookie is limited to an identification number .
Name , email address , IP address , etc. , are not saved on the majority of our sites .
There are three exceptions :
1 ) Eloqua Tracking Cookie .
The content of this persistent tracking cookie is limited to an identification number and is generally used in exactly the same way as all of our other persistent cookies .
However , if you contact DHL using certain online contact forms in the Logistics content area , your email address is added to the cookie to create an individual profile of your online activities .
These same contact forms also provide you with an option to sign up for email marketing updates .
By giving your permission , this also allows us to provide you with personalized content , offers or promotions that may interest you .
Should you choose not to sign up for email marketing updates , you will not be contacted in the future and your email address will only be used confidentially by DHL internally to understand your individual online activities .
This means that we can still continue to deliver new and improved website content to suit your specific needs .
You can learn more about the Eloqua Tracking cookie in the DHL Table of Cookies below .
Alternatively , to opt out of being tracked by Eloqua across all websites ( or to reverse your setting if you have previously opted out ) , you can do so under 'How to Manage Cookies ' below .
2 ) MediaMind Tracking Cookies .
These persistent tracking cookies collect your IP address and uses it to provide geographical location data to help DHL monitor and manage advertising campaigns .
The cookies are completely encrypted and do not collect any other personally-identifiable data , so the IP address can not be linked to personal data and is not shared with third parties .
The IP address is stored securely and only used confidentially by DHL internally to provide aggregated reports .
The cookies expire after 30 days .
You can learn more about MediaMind Tracking cookies in the DHL Table of Cookies below .
Alternatively , to opt out of being tracked by MediaMind across all websites , you can do so by clicking on the MediaMind Opt-Out link below :
If you 've previously opted out , and would like to reverse your setting , click the MediaMind Opt-In link below :
3 ) Google Analytics Cookies .
A small number of countries may use Google Analytics cookies on a small scale for specific local purposes .
These cookies use your IP address as recognition , however do not identify you as an individual .
In other words , information is collected in an anonymous form .
The cookies collect information about how visitors use our local sites and use the information to compile reports and to help us improve local sites .
You can learn more about Google Analytics in the DHL Table of Cookies below .
Alternatively , to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites , visit :
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-onExternal Link
DHL Table of Cookies
We have provided details of all cookies used on DHL websites in the table below :
Name Purpose More Information
Campaign Name Cookie [ 2 ] campaignName This cookie is created when you arrive at a DHL web page from a DHL promotional banner or from a link contained in a campaign / promotional email .
The cookie stores a campaign ID , which uniquely identifies the campaign source .
If you contact DHL using one of our online contact or registration forms within 24 hours of arriving at one of our websites , the campaign ID is attached with the email sent to DHL Sales or Customer Service .
This information is solely used to assess how successful our campaigns are and monitor if customers have contacted us as a result of a campaign .
The cookie stores no personal customer data at all , only the campaign 's ID .
The cookie expires after 24 hours only .
Search Parameter Cookie [ 3 ] searchParams This cookie is used to store search phrases and words that you have typed into our Search boxes .
The Search boxes can be found at the top right of each of our web pages .
In this way , we remember your search terms and pre-populate the search box with previous suggestions when you reuse the search boxes .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie permanently stores search terms until such a time that you actively decide to clear your browser cache and cookies .
Shipper Reference Details Cookie [ 3 ] shipRefDetails This cookie is used to store all previously tracked shipper reference values that you enter when using our DHL Express Shipper 's Reference tracking application .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie permanently stores all shipper references until such a time that you actively decide to clear your browser cache and cookies .
Take a look at one of our DHL Express Shipper 's Reference tracking applications
Waybill Cookie [ 3 ] AWB This cookie is used to store the last tracking number value that you entered when using one of our main online tracking applications .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie only stores the previous tracking number value until such a time that you enter a new number in the same tracking application .
Take a look at one of our main online tracking applications
Waybill Brand Cookie [ 3 ] BRAND This cookie is used to store the last shipment type that you selected from the dropdown options that are offered in our main online tracking applications .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie only stores the previous shipment type dropdown option selected until such a time that you return and select another option in the same tracking application .
Take a look at one of our main online tracking applications
Fast Track Cookie [ 3 ] No fixed name This cookie is used to store both the last tracking number value entered and the shipment type selected from the dropdown when using our smaller Fast Track online tracking applications .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie only stores the previous tracking number value and previous shipment type dropdown option selected until such a time that you return and select new options in the same Fast Track tracking application .
You can find one of our DHL Express Fast Track tracking applications here
Tab System Cookie [ 3 ] No fixed name This cookie is used to store the last tab that you selected on a page using a multi-view tab system .
This cookie has been created to improve website functionality and make using DHL websites easier for our customers .
This cookie only remembers the previous tab selected until you return and select another tab on the same tabbed page .
nugg.ad Cookies [ 4 ] d , dp , ci nugg.ad identifies relevant target groups for advertising , according to socio-demographic criteria and product interests .
It only makes use of statistical patterns , which are created by the behavior of users towards online advertising and editorial content published on websites .
To ensure that you are not constantly bombarded with the same advertisements or even feel that they are too intrusive , we count how frequently you are shown an advert in various campaigns .
Once you reach a certain level of exposure , you will not be shown any more adverts from that campaign .
Both the d-cookie and the dp-cookie are used to analyze target groups and contain the number of page hits in particular subject areas .
The ci-cookie is used to store information about how often you have been shown a particular advert .
The cookies only contain general information about your internet use .
You can learn more about nugg.ad cookies and opt-in / opt-out choices below the table .
More Info about Privacy at nugg.adExternal Link / New Window
The Topic MonitorExternal Link / New Window will show you how your interests are estimated on the basis of your previous surfing behavior .
Adcloud User Identifier Cookie [ 4 ] adcloud_uid This cookie contains an anonymous identifier that helps Adcloud to associate the user with keywords for targeting of advertising campaigns on other websites .
The identifier is also used to monitor advertising campaigns .
The cookie does not store any personally-identifiable information .
i.e . it only contains general information about your internet use .
You can learn more about the Adcloud cookie below the table .
More Info about Privacy at AdcloudExternal Link / New Window
Webtrends Analytics [ 2 ] WT_FPC This cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our site .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site .
The cookie collects information in an anonymous form , including the number of visitors to the site , where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited .
The cookie is only used for identification and does not hold visitor personal data , only an identifier .
It is used confidentially only by DHL internally to improve its websites and the user experience .
More Info about Privacy at WebtrendsExternal Link
Webtrends Analytics [ 2 ] ACOOKIE This cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our sites and is specifically used to monitor visitors across DHL domains .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site .
The cookie collects information in an anonymous form , including the number of visitors to the site , where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited .
The cookie is only used for identification and does not hold visitor personal data , only an identifier .
It is used confidentially only by DHL internally to improve its websites and the user experience .
More Info about Privacy at Webtrends External Link
Google Analytics [ 2 ] _utma
_utmz Certain countries also use Google Analytics for specific local purposes .
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our local sites .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve local sites .
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form , including the number of visitors to the local site , where visitors have come to the local site from and the pages they visited .
More Info about Privacy at GoogleExternal Link
Eloqua Tracking Cookie [ 2 ] ELOQUA This cookie is used to recognize a return visitor as a unique user and collect information about how our sites are used .
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site and provide you with better targeted content .
The cookie collects information in an anonymous form unless you contact DHL using certain online contact forms in the Logistics content area .
At this point , we link the information stored in the cookie to your email address .
It is used confidentially only by DHL internally to improve its websites and the user experience .
More Info about Privacy at Eloqua
LiveBall Tracking Cookies [ 2 ] LiveBall , mkto_trk , ki_r , ki_t , ki_u These cookies collect information using anonymous identification numbers .
LiveBall uses IP address to provide non-intrusive geographical location data , however it is not saved in or linked with the cookie .
This helps us to track web browsing behavior in order to understand and improve the user experience and the services that we offer .
However , it can not be mapped back to your personal data .
These cookies are set when you contact DHL using certain online forms on our websites - for example , when you open a DHL Express account with us .
The cookies are used confidentially only by DHL internally and expire after 365 days .
More Info about PrivacyExternal Link / New Window
MediaMind Cookies [ 2 ] U2 , ActivityInfo , TargetingInfo , Eyeblaster , A3 , B4 , and C4 .
MediaMind cookies are created when you arrive at specific DHL campaign web pages from a DHL promotional banner , from a link contained in a campaign / promotional email , or when you have used a campaign link provided as part of an offline media advertisement .
MediaMind cookies track when and where you were exposed to DHL ads online , how you engaged with those ads , and when you visited the DHL site after being exposed to those ads .
The information is used to help DHL measure the performance of advertising campaigns .
The information is provided as aggregated reports , so no individual user information will be viewed .
It does not monitor any other browsing behavior and is used confidentially only by DHL internally .
More Info about Privacy at MediaMindExternal Link
Flash Cookies [ 1 ] LSO Flash Cookies allow you to view Flash Player content and are independent of DHL .
Flash Player default settings do not seek user 's permission to store cookies on local hard disk .
If you wish , you can disable flash cookies ( also referred to as 'local shared objects ' ) .
More info about how to manage or disable Flash cookiesExternal Link
Full info on Flash Player functionality and related Privacy settings External Link
You Tube Cookies [ 2 ] use_hitbox
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE We embed videos using YouTube 's privacy-enhanced mode .
Some of these videos are from our official YouTube channel .
This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player , but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode .
To find out more , please visit YouTube 's embedding videos information pageExternal Link
All cookies in the table above have been categorized according to 4 numbered groups - the relevant category numbers are listed in column 1 .
Please note that cookies can belong to more than one category .
The categories are as follows :
[ 1 ] Strictly Necessary : These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features .
Without these cookies , services you have asked for can not be provided .
[ 2 ] Performance : These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website , for instance which pages visitors go to most often .
These cookies do n't collect information that identifies a visitor .
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous .
It is only used to improve how a website works .
[ 3 ] Functionality : These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced , more personal features .
For example , these cookies can be used to remember and store the last tracking number that you entered when using a tracking application .
Information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they can not track your browsing activity on other websites .
[ 4 ] Targeting or Advertising : These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests .
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as helping measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign .
They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator 's permission .
Use of nugg.ad Cookies
This website uses nugg.ad AGExternal Link / New Window technology to monitor data on controlling advertising .
In order to do this , nugg.ad saves the frequency of use of various website topics in the form of cookies .
These cookies are stored in the browser of your device ( e.g . PC , laptop , smart phone etc . ) for a maximum period of 26 weeks .
nugg.ad 's technology may also save basic information on your use of other websites in order to estimate what advertising might interest you the most .
It is not possible for us to trace any information in the cookies back to individual users .
In particular we can not identify a person by name , address or any other data that is directly identifying .
If you would like to see advertising on websites that are of interest to you , then you can opt in to receive a further theme-based analysis of your usage behavior .
If you give your agreement , then this opt-in cookie will also be stored in the browser of your device .
It will be stored for 1 year .
If previously collected nugg.ad cookies are present in the browser of your device , by setting the opt-in cookie the following will happen : with your permission the nugg.ad cookie lifespan is lengthened to 1 year ( calculated from the moment the cookie is set ) .
Information stored in nugg.ad cookies prior to opt-in is retained and will be deleted upon expiration of the cookie ( maximum 1 year ) .
You have the right to prevent the recording of information by the nugg.ad system at any time by exercising your right to opt out .
If you have already given your consent , you can also cancel it at any time , effective thereafter .
An opt-out will also be stored in a cookie in your browser 's device with a lifespan of 10 years , it will be named `` nuggstopp '' , and will be set by `` nuggad.net '' .
If you are interested in opting in or opting out , you can do so under 'How to Manage Cookies ' below .
Use of Adcloud Cookie
As you browse DHL websites , we use Adcloud technology to place an advertising cookie in the browser of your device ( e.g . PC , laptop , smart phone etc . ) so that we can understand what you are interested in .
The cookie lasts for a maximum period of 365 days and enables us to present you with advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with DHL websites .
Although we collect data based on keywords to display the right ads to you on other websites , it is not possible for us to trace any information in the cookie back to you as an individual .
In particular we can not identify a person by name , address or any other data that is directly identifying .
This website also uses Adcloud technology to monitor advertising campaigns .
If you want Adcloud to stop tracking you , you can learn how to do this under 'How to Manage Cookies ' below .
Sharing Tools : Third Party Cookies
DHL now uses embedded 'share ' buttons on its websites .
These make it easy for visitors to bookmark and share content through their favourite social networks .
When you click on one of these buttons , a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through .
DHL does not control the use of these cookies and you should therefore check the relevant third party 's website for more information .
The 'share buttons ' are provided by AddThis .
For more information about their data collection practices , please take a look at the AddThis Privacy PolicyExternal Link
Third Party Cookies in embedded content
Please note that on some pages of our websites you may notice that cookies have been set that are not related to DHL .
When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Vimeo , these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser .
DHL does not control the use of these cookies and can not access them due to the way that cookies work , as cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally set them .
You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies .
In order to keep DHL 's online content relevant , easy to use and up-to-date , we use web analytics services such as Webtrends* to help us understand how people use our websites .
These services use data collection technologies such as web beacons .
Web beacons are small electronic images that deliver cookies , count visits , and understand usage and website effectiveness .
In turn , this lets us know what content is of interest to our visitors and helps us provide tailored information on our websites .
These web beacons are anonymous and do not contain or collect any information that identifies you .
The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes .
Web analytics data and cookies can not be used to identify you as they never contain personal information such as your name or email address .
* See Webtrends entry in DHL Table of Cookies above for more information .
How to Manage Cookies
Using our products and services without cookies is also possible .
In your browser , you can deactivate the saving of cookies , limit them to particular websites , or set the browser to notify you when a cookie is sent .
You can also delete cookies from your PC hard drive at any time ( file : `` cookies '' ) .
Please note that in this case you will have to expect a limited page presentation and limited user guidance .
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings .
To find out more about cookies , including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them , visit :
All About CookiesExternal Link / New Window
For further EU-specific advice on cookies and the various opt out options available to you , you can also visit the following website :
Your Online Choices External Link
To opt out of being tracked by LiveBall , you will need to manage and delete the cookies using your browser settings .
To find out more , please visit :
All About CookiesExternal Link / New Window
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites , visit :
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on External Link
To opt out of being tracked by MediaMind across all websites , you can do so by clicking on the MediaMind Opt-Out link below :
If you 've previously opted out , and would like to reverse your setting , click the MediaMind Opt-In link below : .
MediaMind Opt-In External Link
To opt out of being tracked by WebTrends Analytics across all websites , visit :
Webtrends Opting Out of Tracking Cookies External Link
You are currently opted-in for web monitoring by Eloqua on DHL websites .
Click here to opt-out of Eloqua web monitoring .
Please remember that if you delete your cookies , or use a different browser or computer you will need to set your opt-out status again .
I do not want nugg.ad to analyze my surfing behavior by topic on Internet sites .
This objection will be stored in a cookie on my browser , and has a lifespan of 10 years ( `` opt out '' )
I would like to see advertising that is relevant to me , and agree to nugg.ad 's analysis by topic of my surfing behavior .
This permission is limited to the period of one year ( `` opt in '' ) .
Please note that it is not technically possible to detect the Opt-Out if you delete the cookies from your browser .
To opt out of being tracked by Adcloud across all websites , you must first click on the link below :
Adcloud Privacy Policy External Link / New Window
Once on the page , go to 'Settings for Adcloud ads ' and change the setting to : Please do not use anonymized profile information when targeting advertisements .
You can also choose to opt out of some or all of the advertising cookies set on your PC by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) website External Link
Not everyone who visits our site will do so using a web browser .
For example , some users will access DHL websites or applications using a mobile device .
If so , it may not be possible to disable cookies or adjust web browser settings .
DHL takes all of the necessary technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from being lost or misused .
For instance , your data is saved in a secure operating environment which is not accessible to the public .
In certain cases , your personal data is encrypted by Secure Socket Layer technology ( SSL ) during transmission .
This means that an approved encryption procedure is used for communication between your computer and the DHL servers if your browser supports SSL .
Should you wish to contact DHL by e-mail , we would like to point out that the confidentiality of the information sent can not be guaranteed .
The contents of e-mail messages can be read by third parties .
We therefore recommend you send us confidential information only by post .
Upon written request , we will inform you what personal data ( e.g . name , address ) we have saved on you .
DP DHL Data Privacy Policy
The DPDHL Data Privacy Policy regulates the Group-wide standards for data processing with a special focus on so-called third country transfers , meaning transfers of personal data to countries outside the EU , which do not have an adequate level of data protection .
If you are interested in learning more about the DPDHL Data Privacy Policy , please use the following link :
DPDHL Privacy Policy ( Summary ) New Window
( Type : Acrobat Reader file , Size : 147.3 KB ) New Window
Changes to Data Protection Statement
We keep our data protection statement under regular review .
DHL reserves the right to change its data protection statement at any time with or without prior notice .
Please check back frequently to be informed of any changes .
By using DHL 's websites you agree to this Privacy Policy .
This statement was last updated on 08 August 2013 .
Contact Status : 07 September 2012
If you have questions in regard to the processing of your personal data , please contact the DHL Data Protection Officer .
The Data Protection team is also available to help with information requests , take suggestions or handle complaints .
Data Protection Officer for DHL
Gabriela Krader , LL.M
Corporate Center - 524

Our Commitment to Privacy
Updated November 20 , 2009
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us .
To protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you request information , order a product or service , register using one of our forms , donate , or contact us offline , we may need your specific information in order to process your registration/request and reply promptly .
We may ask you for contact information ( such as your name , email and address ) and demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) .
We also collect demographic and profile data at our site and in our databases .
We ask for health-related data to help us help you through our information , our programs and our services .
We use data you provide to tailor your experience at ADA and develop and distribute content that we think you might be interested in .
In general , we use identifiable information to complete a transaction , as indicated below .
Part of our mission is to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes , and we do that by providing appropriate health information .
We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties , except as described here .
To learn more about our encryption policies , please review the section on `` Protecting Personal Information '' ( below ) .
Links to Other Sites
This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources .
You acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Materials , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites or resources .
You further acknowledge and agree that the American Diabetes Association shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource .
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the American Diabetes Association Web site .
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web sites , new services or features offered by the American Diabetes Association , and special offers and information we think you will find valuable .
If you would rather not receive this information , please contact us through one of the channels identified in `` How to Correct or Update Information '' ( below ) .
Google Analytics is used to analyze traffic to this Web site .
Google Analytics does not maintain individual profiles for visitors , nor does Google Analytics collect data that might identify the individual visitor .
Google Analytics only collects aggregate data .
Click here for more information about the Google Analytics privacy policy .
When you place orders or access your account information , we use a secure server .
This secure server software , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) , encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us .
Furthermore , all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates .
Digital certificates for the American Diabetes Association are issued by VeriSign , one of the most established signers of digital certificates .
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and Cookies
We collect standard information , by way of a cookie , to help us evaluate how our sites are being used .
A cookie is a small uniquely identifiable text file that is stored on your machine .
A cookie collects information that is used for statistical purposes and does not identify you in any way .
Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you do n't see the same content repeatedly .
We use cookies to deliver information specific to your interests and to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can change your browser settings to prevent that .
Even without accepting cookies , you can still use most of the features throughout the American Diabetes Association Web sites .
ADA Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information
ADA , like many other non-profit organizations , occasionally makes available only our contributor names and postal addresses to companies , predominantly other non-profit organizations .
In addition , member and donor names are provided to a credit card vendor as part of our affinity program .
Names of Tour de Cure participants may be provided to local bike shops .
These practices help us reduce costs of reaching more individuals with our diabetes-related information .
These companies are carefully screened .
Names/addresses are provided on a one-time basis ; therefore , these companies will not have continued access to your name and address unless you respond to them directly , which you are free to do or not to do .
( If you use more than one email address , postal address or telephone number , please identify each one . )
The American Diabetes Association may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related site information to reputable third-party vendors , but these statistics will include no personal identifying information .
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
We adhere to the 1998 Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
( For more information , visit the Federal Trade Commission 's COPPA site .
Special Considerations for Parents and Legal Guardians Regarding Planet D and Diabetes CampMessage Boards
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
Children under age 13 are prohibited from entering the diabetes.org Message Board area .
PlanetD Message Boards : PlanetD is designed to be a safe place for children and youth to exchange messages .
No personally identifiable information is collected during the PlanetD Message Board registration process .
Diabetes Camp Message Boards : Access to the Diabetes Camp Message Boards is controlled ; only children and youth who have attended an ADA sponsored , supported , or affiliated Diabetes Camp are provided access .
To ensure authentication , personally identifiable information ( first name , last name , and a child 's email address ) are collected , along with the email address of a parent or legal guardian .
This information is collected only for authentication purposes , and is securely stored , and never used for another purpose , and never shared with third-parties .
It is our recommendation that children , especially children under 13 , have an email account that is connected to their parent or guardian , so that the parent or guardian is notified about the child 's email activity .
Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to contact the American Diabetes .
Association at any time regarding privacy questions or concern .
Parents and legal guardians may also contact us at any time to request that we delete a child 's PlanetD-ID and/or CampDiabetes Message Board registration information and/or refuse to permit further access to the PlanetD and CampDiabetes Message Boards .
We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child 's information is that child 's parent or guardian .
1701 N , Beauregard Street
Alexandria , VA 22311
ATTN : Customer Service Center
Phone : ( 703 ) 549-1500
ADA does not send unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom they do not have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship .
ADA provides all email recipients with a clear , easy and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications .
How to Correct or Update Information
Here are the options for changing and modifying information previously provided .
1701 N. Beauregard Street
Alexandria , VA 22311
ATTN : Customer Service Center
Tell us what you think
The American Diabetes Association welcomes your questions and comments about this privacy statement , about the practices of the ADA , and about your dealings with this Web site .
1701 N. Beauregard Street
Alexandria , VA 22311
ATTN : Internet Strategy & Operations

Updated As of January 16 , 2013
DICK 'S Sporting Goods , Inc. and its Family of Businesses ( collectively , `` DICK 'S '' ) provide this privacy policy ( this `` Policy '' ) to inform you of : ( 1 ) the types of information we collect ; ( 2 ) your choices surrounding such information ; and ( 3 ) how we collect , use , share , update and protect such information .
This Policy applies to customer information obtained in connection with DICK 'S operations at or through our websites , our mobile sites , our social media presence , our mobile applications , and our stores .
For purposes of this Policy , our websites , our mobile sites , our social media presence and our mobile applications are referred to collectively as , our `` Websites . ''
Emails , social media , online marketing campaigns and online internet-based advertising are collectively referred to as , our `` Internet Marketing Channels . ''
DICK 'S is committed to maintaining your privacy , providing you with information and choices , and permitting you opportunities to correct inaccuracies .
If , after reading this Policy , you have questions , comments or concerns , please use the `` Contact Customer Service '' link below .
With the goal and intention of providing you products and services , and of improving your overall experience , we receive , collect and store information in a variety of ways , including when you visit our Websites or provide information to us .
We may also collect information when you : ( 1 ) open an account with us ; ( 2 ) utilize our services ; ( 3 ) apply for a credit card ; ( 4 ) make a purchase ; ( 5 ) apply for a license ( e.g. , hunting , fishing , etc . ) or conduct a similar transaction ; ( 6 ) contact us via any customer service method ; ( 7 ) submit any user-generated content ( via our Websites or otherwise ) ; ( 8 ) participate in customer research , surveys , sweepstakes or promotions ; or ( 9 ) otherwise communicate information to us .
Some of the information we collect is considered `` Personal Information . ''
Personal Information includes your name , mailing address , e-mail address , driver 's license number , social security number , credit/debit card information ( and related payment information ) and/or telephone number .
We also may collect other information such as permit number ( s ) , credit application information and demographic/lifestyle information ( including date of birth , personal interests and product/buying preferences ) .
The collection of certain types of Personal Information may be necessary and/or required for governmental compliance ( e.g. , hunting , fishing or firearms licensing or purchasing ) .
Additionally , we may receive , collect and or store Personal Information and other information you provide on behalf of third parties , or third parties provide behalf of you , relating to gift recipients , online registrations , in-store pick-up or registries .
We may also receive , collect and store Personal Information and other customer information from sources assisting us with updating , improving and/or analyzing our record or detecting fraud or theft .
Additionally , we may receive , collect and store information from various consumer reporting agencies and related service providers .
We may also receive , collect and store `` Automated Information '' through Cookies ( as defined below ) , Web Beacons ( as defined below ) and other related automated means .
`` Cookies '' are small text files sent to your device as you visit our Websites or utilize our Internet Marketing Channels and saved on your device via your browser or hard drive .
We then use Information Technologies ( as defined below ) to recognize you and your preferences as you return to our Websites or utilize our Internet Marketing Channels .
`` Web Beacons '' ( also known as pixel tags ) are a form of tracking technology placed within our Websites and our Internet Marketing Channels to monitor and track your visits to certain pages within our Websites , and your interaction with ( and the effectiveness of ) our Internet Marketing Channels .
Automated Information we collect via Cookies , Web Beacons and other related methods ( collectively , `` Information Technologies '' ) includes information such as internet protocol address ( es ) , operating system ( s ) and browser specifics of your device , device characteristics , geographic information , user id ( s ) , and specifics regarding your interactions with ( i.e. , the path your device takes through ) our Websites and our Internet Marketing Channels .
Automated Information enables the tailoring of advertisements and offers specifically for you .
In addition to such tailoring , we are interested in Automated Information to ensure that our mobile and/or online presence operates properly and efficiently for you and for your individual customer experience , to evaluate the use and benefit of such presence , and to support our Websites and our Internet Marketing Channels .
We use , collect and disclose your information consistent with this Policy , as updated from time to time , and you consent to such use , collection and disclosure by your use of our : ( 1 ) Websites ; ( 2 ) Internet Marketing Channels ; ( 3 ) marketing campaigns ; and ( 4 ) marketing programs ( e.g. , loyalty programs ) .
You may unsubscribe to future e-mail communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our e-mail communications .
In addition , you may use the methods set forth in the `` Contact Customer Service '' link below to opt-out or update certain preferences .
Regardless of your decision to opt-out of future e-mail communications , we may still contact you regarding transactions and for transactional purposes ( e.g. , recalls , product information and service/reminder notices ) .
Based upon your browsing history with us and with other online sites , we may personalize your experience via our Websites and via our Internet Marketing Channels .
However , you have choices relating to how your device interacts with our Websites and our Internet Marketing Channels .
You can choose to access our Websites without accepting Information Technologies to your
device ( s ) , and you can opt-out or modify certain elements of our Websites ( e.g. , location services ) and our Internet Marketing Channels ( that are tailored specifically to you and served to you based upon your browsing history ) .
If you choose to so restrict , you may access our Websites , but you will NOT be able to take full advantage of certain Website features .
Please note , even if you opt-out of certain online , internet-based advertising , you may still see or receive DICK 'S advertisements on our Websites and other sites , but such advertisements will not be based upon your browsing history .
Additionally , we belong to various advertising networks that utilize your browsing history across various and participating sites to serve you DICK 'S advertisements on such sites .
We do not permit such networks to provide your browsing history ( including your shopping behavior ) on any of our Websites to any other site .
To learn more about your options relating to this matter , including how to opt-out of this category of advertising , please click here .
We do not sell , rent or trade your Personal Information to third parties .
We use your information in numerous ways , including :
Fulfilling , delivering and communicating regarding your orders for products and/or services ;
Maintaining our loyalty programs , including the ScoreCard and the Advantage Club ;
Processing credit card applications and payments ;
Administering surveys , sweepstakes , contests or promotions ;
Registering and servicing your account ( s ) ;
Providing customer service ;
Conducting research and analysis ;
Alerting you to product , service and promotional information , including product recalls ;
Helping us to improve , customize and advance our products and services , Websites , Internet Marketing Channels , mailing or marketing campaigns ; and
Protecting the security and integrity of our stores , Websites , Internet Marketing Channels and overall business practices .
In doing so , we :
May combine certain Personal Information , customer information and Automated Information collected online and offline , including information collected from third parties ;
May transfer or disclose such information within our Family of Businesses , including affiliates and subsidiaries ; and
Will retain such information as needed to provide you products/services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements as we deem reasonably necessary .
We may share information :
With third party businesses and service providers that assist with our business operations , such as shipping vendors , billing vendors , payment card processors , marketing and research vendors and various companies that work with us to improve or provide our products and services and our data integrity .
We do require that such providers keep your Personal Information safe , secure and private , and we require that they not use or disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the applicable services to us , to you or on our behalf ;
As we deem necessary , in the event ( or partial event ) of a corporate sale ( asset or stock ) , merger , reorganization , change in corporate control , acquisition , insolvency , bankruptcy or similar event ;
Specifically , certain Personal Information , in connection with various co-branded , warranty , delivery/assembly and/or financial products or services , including our private label credit card ( s ) ;
To comply with applicable law or reasonable request based upon governmental regulation , court order , subpoena or similar related action ; and
As we deem necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of DICK 'S , our customers , our associates or others , and to prevent harm or loss or in connection with an investigation or suspected or actual unlawful activity .
For certain types of information , we may offer you a variety of ways to access or update such information :
If you have a DICK 'S account , log-in to such account via one of our Websites .
After securely entering your account , you can easily update your name , e-mail address , password , loyalty card information , billing/shipping address , etc . by entering or revising the information as reflected therein , or you may close your account ( s ) and request that we no longer use your information to provide you services or products ; and
Additionally , utilize the `` Contact Customer Service '' link at the bottom of any of our Websites .
This link will provide you the opportunity to contact DICK 'S via phone , e-mail or U.S. postal mail .
Please provide your current and complete contact information with these requests .
We may refuse requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical efforts , risk the privacy of others or are extremely impractical ;
After closing your account ( s ) , or updating or revising any information within your account ( s ) or any Information Technologies associated with your device ( s ) , we may not delete residual copies from our servers and may not remove information from our back-up system ( s ) ; and
Closing or updating information relating to one DICK 'S account ( e.g. , a DICK 'S online shopping account ) does not guarantee the closing or updating of a separate and different DICK 'S account ( e.g. , a Golf Galaxy shopping account or a DICK 'S loyalty card account ) .
If you desire to close or update multiple DICK 'S accounts , please log-in to each specific account to do so , or please contact the correct and applicable Customer Service department associated with each such account .
In our efforts to provide accurate and complete information , we do utilize third party entities to assist us with updating and maintaining current contact information ( e.g. , National Change of Address or NCOA ) .
Regardless of whether you are shopping or utilizing our services online , via a mobile device or in our stores , we make securing your information a priority , take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of your information and appropriately limit third party access to such information .
We use a variety of security measures to protect your online transactions with us .
Our Websites utilize encryption technology , including Secure Sockets Layer , to protect your information that we transport across the internet .
Your personal online and mobile account ( s ) with us are protected via password protection and accessed online via such password .
We comply with industry standards relating to safeguards for handling and securing customer payment information provided during payment card transactions .
Additionally , we use a variety of security measures to protect your information that we maintain at our facilities .
Such information is subject to physical , administrative and technical controls .
Our Websites are `` general audience '' websites and not geared toward children .
In order to protect the privacy of children , our Websites do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without express parental consent .
If you are a parent or guardian and think we have unauthorized information about your child who is under the age of 13 , please use the `` Contact Customer Service '' link below .
Third Party Links .
Our Websites and our Internet Marketing Channels may link to other sites , many of which have their own privacy policies that we do not control .
Be sure to review these privacy policies when visiting such sites .
We are not responsible for such third parties ' sites .
Privacy Policy Updates .
As we grow , develop and change , we may , from time to time , need to update and revise this Policy .
Please periodically check this Policy for any updates or revisions .
California Privacy Policy .

Privacy Policy for Hearst Magazines UK which is the trading name of The National Magazine Company Limited .
Hearst Magazines UK is committed to protecting your privacy and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of our services .
Who are we and how to contact us ?
Hearst Magazines UK has its head office at :
72 , Broadwick Street , London , W1F 9EP .
The National Magazine Company Ltd is registered in England 112955 , VAT Registration GB 238 587 423 .
Details of Subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively known as affiliates ) are :
Handbag.com Ltd , registered in England 03819979 .
VAT registration GB 238 587 423 .
Hearst Rodale UK Ltd , registered in England 00519122 .
VAT registration GB 626 914 329 .
What information do we collect from you ?
1.1 How we collect Personal Data
1.2 Personal Data that we collect from you about others
How will we use the information we collect ?
Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details up-to-date
Social media , social commerce and other third parties .
Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
Access to your Personal Data
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
1 What information do we collect from you ?
Hearst Magazines UK collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our sites or when you send us information or communications .
`` Personal Data '' means data that allows someone to identify you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , e-mail address , as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to , or could be linked to , any of the foregoing data .
`` Anonymous Data '' means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data .
Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data , as described below .
1.1 How we collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data from you , such as your name , contact details , country of residence , zip code or post code , gender or birth date when you register on one of our sites or when you choose to use the various services we provide .
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily , when , for instance , you make a purchase , respond to surveys and questionnaires , or enter a competition .
If you provide us feedback regarding our sites or services via e-mail , we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply .
In order to improve our services to you , we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys .
We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data .
If you do not wish to participate in a survey , however , simply decline to participate when asked .
1.2 Personal Data that we collect from you about others
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to join any of our services , we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend 's or family member 's e-mail address in order to send their e-mail .
We will always ask your permission if we want to mention your name when contacting your friend or family member .
This information is used once only and is not saved in our database , unless they have entered a competition or other promotion in which case their e-mail address is stored only for that purpose .
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to become involved we will collect and save their e-mail address into our database , along with their contact preferences , as we would for anyone who registers on our sites .
2 How will we use the information we collect ?
Hearst Magazines UK uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customised Web experience and to provide services to you .
Such services include sending you marketing messages if you have given us permission to do so , processing your answers to quizzes and other competitions , and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you .
We also use Personal Data for customer service messages , and to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests .
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users ' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation .
Hearst Magazines UK reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties at its discretion , in aggregate form .
If you elect to receive communications from us we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our sites or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties .
3 Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and in our Privacy Notices where you give us your consent , we do not sell , trade , or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties .
However , we will share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request , such as to charge your credit card ( if authorised by you ) , fill your order , and deliver electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails .
These third parties are required under contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Hearst Magazines UK and to guarantee to our satisfaction that they have sufficient processes in place to ensure the security of your data whilst it is in their care .
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you .
If you send a testimonial or comment to us , we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials .
We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials , if provided .
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data Hearst Magazines UK may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Hearst Magazines UK or users of our services .
If another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and the terms under which you submitted your data .
If you provide Hearst Magazines UK with your contact details and agree to receive promotional messages , we may share your details with our affiliates or third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties ; however , we allow you to opt out at any time of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of sending you relevant information .
4 Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details-up-to-date
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Data .
When you register on one of our sites or respond to one of our communications or offers , we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us .
You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by entering your personal details and choosing what information you would like to receive , or by not ticking the opt-out box provided .
Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us , you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or , on some of our sites , by going to Edit Your Profile , or My Account after you have logged in .
Despite your indicated communication preferences , we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
If you are contacting us by email , or by post please be sure to include your full name and address in order in your opt-out request in order to allow us to process your request for any changes to your preferences .
Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives , but we will not keep it longer than is necessary .
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy or on this website , only Hearst Magazines UK and its affiliate companies collect Personal Data through the services provided solely by Hearst Magazines UK ; this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services .
When you click on advertisements or links on Hearst Magazines UK sites , you will leave that site and go to another site .
During this process , a third party ( including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser ) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you , such as the URL you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your IP address .
Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site ( or the contents of the site ) .
We have no control over , we do not review , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to , these other companies , sites , or content , or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement or link to a third party .
6 Social media , social commerce and other third parties .
We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialise in social media so we can connect to your social networks .
Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace and You Tube .
All of these companies operate Third Party Sites .
We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products and services among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product and service interests with friends in your network .
We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed .
Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing .
If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information .
Hearst Magazines UK is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you .
7 Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
Your Personal Data may be processed both in and outside of your own country .
When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 which stem from European Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC respectively .
If you are not in agreement please do not give us your personal details .
We may need to transfer your data outside the UK ( and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area ) and by using Hearst Magazines UK sites , or responding to our communications , you consent to us transferring any such data in this way .
However any company , whether inside or outside the EEA , to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your Personal Data .
Hearst Magazines UK and affiliates are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access , use , or disclosure .
On our sites , when collecting your credit card information for online purchases , Hearst Magazines UK enables the use of Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology and industry-standard secured-server transactions that encrypt your Personal Data .
To verify that you have a secure server connection , look for the locked padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser window or the HTTPS-prefix in the URL .
Hearst Magazines UK has implemented other industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data .
We store Personal Data behind a firewall , a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers .
We may also require you to enter a password to access or update your account information .
In addition , Hearst Magazines UK protects your Personal Data from unauthorised physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility .
Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , Hearst Magazines UK limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons ( including employees and contractors ) in Hearst Magazines UK 's organisation who have a business need for such access and those persons are under contract to keep your data secure .
Even though Hearst Magazines UK has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted , accessed , used , or disclosed by unauthorised persons , you should know that Hearst Magazines UK can not eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data .
8 Access to your Personal Data
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
If you wish to see the information we hold about you , please contact us in writing :
The Data Protection Compliance Officer
72 Broadwick Street ,
London , W1F 9EP
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
We are also legally obliged to request you to provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data .
9 Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
Hearst Magazines UK welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy .
We will do our best to address your concerns .
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation .
10 Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your Personal Data , we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us , by writing to your last known postal address and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our sites .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services .
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail and postal address .
In the event that the last e-mail or postal address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our despatch of the e-mail or letter containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us .
This Privacy Policy was last revised in July 2011
Privacy Policy for Hearst - RodaleUK Limited
Hearst Rodale UK Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of our services .
Who are we and how to contact us ?
Hearst Rodale UK Ltd has its head office at :
72 , Broadwick Street , London , W1F 9EP .
The company is registered in England 00519122 , VAT Registration GB 626 914 329 .
What information do we collect from you ?
1.1 How we collect Personal Data
1.3 Personal Data that we collect from you about others
How will we use the information we collect ?
Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details up-to-date
Social media , social commerce and other third parties .
Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
Access to your Personal Data
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
What information do we collect from you ?
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our sites or when you send us information or communications .
`` Personal Data '' means data that allows someone to identify you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , e-mail address , as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to , or could be linked to , any of the foregoing data .
`` Anonymous Data '' means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data .
Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data , as described below .
How we collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data from you , such as your name , contact details , country of residence , zip code or post code , gender , and/or birth date when you register on one of our sites or when you choose to use the various services we provide on our sites .
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily , when , for instance , you make a purchase , respond to surveys and questionnaires , or enter a competition .
If you provide us feedback regarding our sites or services via e-mail , we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply .
In order to improve our services to you , we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys .
We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data .
If you do not wish to participate in a survey , however , simply decline to participate when asked .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing a website .
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd uses cookies to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our sites .
You have the ability to accept or delete cookies , but please be aware that for some parts of our site to work , you will need to accept cookies .
Following recent revisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 relating to the notification and use of cookies we are currently working towards implementing the new requirements in line with guidance provided by the Information Commissioner 's Office .
Personal Data that we collect from you about others
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to join any of our services , we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend 's or family member 's e-mail address in order to send their e-mail .
We will always ask your permission to mention your name when contacting your friend or family member .
This information is used once only and is not saved in our database , unless they have entered a competition or other promotion in which case their e-mail address is stored only for that purpose .
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to become involved we will collect and save their e-mail address into our database , along with their contact preferences , as we would for anyone who registers on our sites .
How will we use the information we collect ?
Hearst Rodale UK Ltd uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customised Web experience and to provide services to you .
Such services include sending you marketing messages if you have given us permission to do so , processing your answers to quizzes and other competitions , and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you .
We also use Personal Data for customer service messages , and to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests .
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users ' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation .
Hearst Rodale UK Ltd reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties at its discretion , in aggregate form .
If you elect to receive communications from us we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our sites or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties .
Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and in our Privacy Notices where you give us your consent , we do not sell , trade , or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties .
However , we will share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request , such as to charge your credit card ( if authorised by you ) , fill your order , and deliver electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails .
These third parties are required under contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Hearst - Rodale Ltd and to guarantee to our satisfaction that they have sufficient processes in place to ensure the security of your data whilst it is in their care .
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you .
If you send a testimonial or comment to us , we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials .
We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials , if provided .
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data , Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd or users of our services .
If another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and the terms under which you submitted your data .
If you provide Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd with your contact details and agree to receive promotional messages , we may share your details with our affiliates or third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties ; however , we allow you to opt out at any time of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of sending you relevant information .
Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details-up-to-date
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Data .
When you register on one of our sites or respond to one of our communications or offers , we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us .
You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by entering your personal details and choosing what information you would like to receive , or by not ticking the opt-out box provided .
Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us , you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or , on some of our sites , by going to Edit My Profile or My Account after you have logged in .
Despite your indicated communication preferences , we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
If you are contacting us by email or by post , please be sure to include your full name and address in your opt-out request , in order to allow us to process your request for any changes to your preferences .
Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives , but we will not keep it longer than is necessary .
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy or on this website , only Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd and its affiliates collect Personal Data through the services provided solely by Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd ; this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services .
When you click on advertisements or links on Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd sites , you will leave that site and go to another site .
During this process , a third party ( including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser ) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you , such as the URL you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your IP address .
Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site ( or the contents of the site ) .
We have no control over , we do not review , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to , these other companies , sites , or content , or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement or link to a third party .
Social media , social commerce and other third parties .
We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialise in social media so we can connect to your social networks .
Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace and You Tube .
All of these companies operate Third Party Sites .
We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products and services among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product and service interests with friends in your network .
We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed .
Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing .
If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information .
Hearst - Rodale UK is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you .
Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
Your Personal Data may be processed both in and outside of your own country .
When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 which stem from European Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC respectively .
If you are not in agreement please do not give us your personal details .
We may need to transfer your data outside the UK ( and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area ) and by using Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd sites , or responding to our communications , you consent to us transferring any such data in this way .
However any company , whether inside or outside the EEA , to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your Personal Data .
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd and affiliates are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access , use , or disclosure .
On our sites , when collecting your credit card information for online purchases , Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd enables the use of Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology and industry-standard secured-server transactions that encrypt your Personal Data .
To verify that you have a secure server connection , look for the locked padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser window or the HTTPS-prefix in the URL .
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd has implemented other industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data .
We store Personal Data behind a firewall , a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers .
We may also require you to enter a password to access or update your account information .
In addition , Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd protects your Personal Data from unauthorised physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility .
Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons ( including employees and contractors ) in Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd 's organisation who have a business need for such access and those persons are under contract to keep your data secure .
Even though Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted , accessed , used , or disclosed by unauthorised persons , you should know that Hearst - Rodale Ltd can not eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data .
Access to your Personal Data
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
If you wish to see the information we hold about you , please contact us in writing :
The Data Protection Compliance Officer
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd
72 Broadwick Street ,
London , W1F 9EP
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
We are also legally obliged to request you to provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data .
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
Hearst - Rodale UK Ltd welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy .
We will do our best to address your concerns .
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your Personal Data , we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us , by writing to your last known postal address and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our sites .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services .
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail and postal address .
In the event that the last e-mail or postal address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our despatch of the e-mail or letter containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us .
This Privacy Policy was last revised in July 2011

Last Updated : October 17 , 2013
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) explains how information about you is collected , used and disclosed by Designtechnica Corporation ( d/b/a and hereinafter referred to as Digital Trends ) .
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Services .
For example , we collect information you provide to us when you register for an account , create a user profile , write a product review , participate in a contest or survey , use our Contact Us form or otherwise communicate with us .
Such information may include your name , email address , biographic information , social media handle , social media profile and/or website URL , picture and any other information you choose to provide .
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Services .
For example , if you create or log into your account through a third-party social media service , we will have access to certain information from that third party service , such as your name and account information , in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such service .
When you access or use our Services , some information is automatically collected .
For example , when you visit our Services through your computer , we automatically log your computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , access times , browser type and language , and the website you visited before navigating to our Services .
Additionally , when you visit our Services through your mobile device , we may also collect your unique device ID , device make and model , device IP address , mobile web browser type and version and mobile carrier .
We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Services .
We may automatically collect information using cookies .
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website .
Among other things , cookies help us improve our Services and your experience .
We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Services .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies .
If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies , this could affect certain features or services of our Services .
We may collect information using web beacons .
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Services or in our emails .
We use web beacons to deliver cookies , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon .
Third Party Analytics and Advertisements .
We may also allow third parties to use cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies to collect information about your use of the Services .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , the browser you use to visit our Services , pages viewed and conversion information .
This information may be used by Digital Trends and third parties to , among other things , analyze data , determine the popularity of certain content , deliver advertising targeted to your interests and better understand the usage and visitation of our Services and other sites tracked by these third parties .
This Policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , third party cookies , web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices .
We may use information about you for various purposes , including to :
operate and improve our Services ;
provide and deliver products and services and send you related information , including confirmations , invoices , technical notices , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages ;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service ;
communicate with you about new contests , promotions and rewards , upcoming events , and other news about products and services offered by Digital Trends and our selected partners ;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards ;
link or combine with other information we obtain from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ; and
carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law .
By accessing or using our websites or otherwise providing information to us , you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries .
We may share information about you as follows :
with your consent or at your direction ;
with third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us ;
with other companies that we partner with to offer contests , surveys or questionnaires when you opt-in to this type of sharing ( for California residents , please see Your California Privacy Rights below for more information ) ;
in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law , regulation or legal process , or as otherwise required by any applicable law , rule or regulation ;
if we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies or to protect the rights , property and safety of Digital Trends or others ; and
in connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company .
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that can not reasonably be used to identify you .
The Services may offer social plug-ins ( such as the Facebook Like button ) or other tools or features which let you share actions you take on our Services with other websites , and vice versa .
The use of such social sharing features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the feature .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
Digital Trends takes reasonable measures to help protect information we collect about you in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
Please note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a certain period of time .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Digital Trends by following the instructions in those emails or by modifying your preferences in your account settings .
If you opt out , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations .
Your California Privacy Rights .
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
However , please note that under the law , a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt-in to , or opt-out of , this type of sharing .
Digital Trends qualifies for this alternative option by providing you with the ability to opt-in to such sharing at the time we collect information about you .
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Digital Trends may change this Policy from time to time .
If we make any changes to this Policy , we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the Policy , and in some cases , we may provide you with additional notice ( such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification ) .
We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy .
If you have any questions about this Policy , please contact us at :
111 SW 5th Ave , Suite 1000
Portland , OR , USA , 97204
Phone : ( 503 ) 342-2890
Fax : ( 503 ) 213-5976

DIRECTV is dedicated to protecting our subscribers ' privacy .
This Privacy Policy ( this Policy )
explains how DIRECTV collects , uses , and discloses information about our subscribers when
they subscribe to , access , or use our products and services , such as through : a set-top box or
other satellite service receiving equipment ( each , a DIRECTV Receiver ) ; any other device
( such as a mobile device or game console ) authorized to receive our services ( each , an
Authorized Device ) ; or any software application , mobile application or website authorized to
receive our services ( each , an Authorized Application ) .
Your use of any DIRECTV product or
service constitutes your acceptance of this Policy .
This Policy does not apply to the areas of DIRECTV websites or other Authorized Applications
that are accessible to the general public , which are governed by the DIRECTV website privacy
This Policy also does not apply to information about you
that you provide or you authorize us to provide on your behalf to , or that is collected by , other
companies that allow you to receive information or to purchase or use goods or services through
a DIRECTV Receiver , an Authorized Device , or an Authorized Application .
Please contact or visit
the websites of those companies to obtain copies of their privacy policies .
This Policy explains our practices in the following areas :
Information we collect and how we collect it .
How we use your information .
How we share your information .
Your choices regarding our use of your information .
How long we keep your information
How we protect your information .
How you may access and correct your personally identifiable information .
Changes to this Policy .
If you have questions about this Policy , you may contact us 24 hours a day , any day of the year ,
directv.com/email ) , or mail :
Greenwood Village , CO 80155-6550
Information we collect and how we collect it .
We collect information from you at various times when you request and activate DIRECTV
service , add or change any equipment , programming package or other service , or use certain
features of our products and services , including through a DIRECTV Receiver , Authorized
Device , or Authorized Application .
The types of information we collect are as follows :
Personally identifiable information .
The types of personally identifiable information we may
collect from you include : name ; address ; email address ; telephone number ; Social Security
number , driver 's license or other government-issued identification number ; credit card number or
other financial account information ; and user name and password associated with the online
account you create at any of our websites or through another Authorized Application to access
your DIRECTV service account .
We automatically collect information about the technical
operation of DIRECTV Receivers , Authorized Devices , or Authorized Applications , such as a
DIRECTV Receiver 's software version and model number , the operating system and type of
Authorized Device or Authorized Application , the type of browser used to access a DIRECTV
service , the IP address from which a DIRECTV service is accessed , what programming is purchased , streamed or downloaded , and the success status of the last attempted service call by
a DIRECTV Receiver .
This information may identify each DIRECTV Receiver registered to your
DIRECTV service account and thus can be associated with your personally identifiable
This information can also be associated with your personally identifiable information
if you are logged into your DIRECTV service account while you are using an Authorized Device or
We may collect certain information about your use of a DIRECTV Receiver ,
Authorized Device or Authorized Application , about your viewing choices ( such as programming
packages you subscribe to , Pay Per View orders you place , and specific programs you access ) ,
and about your use of DIRECTV programming and services .
For example , if you are logged into
your DIRECTV service account while you are visiting our websites or using an Authorized Device
or Authorized Application , this information includes , but is not limited to , which specific pages of
our websites or other Authorized Application you visit or which links you click on , which specific
features of our websites or other Authorized Application you use , which specific programs you
access , and the extent of your viewing of any program or other use of any DIRECTV service .
Similarly , if you connect to a third party social media service ( such as Facebook , Twitter or
Viggle ) through an icon or link on the DIRECTV program guide or elsewhere within a DIRECTV
service , we will collect the fact that you clicked on the icon or link , the area within the DIRECTV
service you clicked on ( such as the program listing on which the icon or link is located ) , and the
content or other information you posted through that connection .
If you use a DIRECTV product
or service that incorporates speech recognition features , we automatically collect audio files and
associated text transcriptions generated from your use of such features .
When you access third
party services or use speech recognition features through a DIRECTV Receiver registered to
your DIRECTV service account , or if you are logged into your DIRECTV service account
while you are using an Authorized Device or Authorized Application , such information may be
associated with your personally identifiable information .
If you use an Authorized Application on a device with GPS-based
location features enabled , we may collect and use such information to provide requested location
services and to customize certain programming and service options available to you through the
If you are not logged into your DIRECTV service account while using
the Authorized Application , this location data does not personally identify you , but it does provide
the real-time geographic location of your device .
You can prevent the collection of GPS-based
location information by disabling the GPS functionality on your device .
Please be aware that
disabling the GPS functionality on your device may affect the functionality or availability of some
DIRECTV programming and services .
If you use an Authorized Application on a device that does not have GPS- based location
functionality , or such functionality is disabled , we may collect and use your IP address or the local
time reported by the device , or we may require you to enter your ZIP code , to determine your
general location in order to provide customized programming and service options available to you
through the Authorized Application .
Information we collect from third parties .
We may collect information about you from third
parties , such as programmers , servicers , commerce and business partners , consumer reporting
agencies , and consumer data companies , and combine it with information we collect from you .
Our use of cookies and other technologies .
DIRECTV Receivers , Authorized Devices ,
Authorized Applications , and certain other services we offer to our subscribers may use cookies ,
e-tokens , tags , web beacons , web bugs , local shared objects ( LSOs , commonly known as
Flash cookies ) and other technologies that help us better understand user behavior , tell us
which programs are watched and which features are used , and allow us to control access to
certain DIRECTV programs and services by authenticating a user as a DIRECTV subscriber and
the programming package subscribed to , identifying personal preferences , and identifying
equipment and software configurations as Authorized Devices and Authorized Applications .
We also use certain of these technologies to deliver advertisements in our services that relate to
our subscribers ' interests and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
DIRECTV Receiver , Authorized Device or Authorized Application , these technologies generally
contain only information concerning the DIRECTV programming and services authorized for
access by such user , personal preferences recorded by such user , and frequently or recently
No personally identifiable information is stored in these technologies .
If you are uncomfortable with these technologies , you may disable them on Authorized Devices or
Authorized Applications , or through your web browsers , where such functionality is capable of
Such technologies can not be disabled on DIRECTV Receivers .
that disabling certain of these technologies , such as browser cookies , may affect the functionality
and availability of certain services , such as DIRECTV 's personalized online account management
functions and program recommendation features , and may restrict the type of DIRECTV
programming and services ( such as DVR Scheduler or video streaming or downloading ) that can
be accessed from , performed by , displayed on or linked to through an Authorized Device ,
Authorized Application , or third party service .
Flash cookies operate differently than browser
cookies and can not be removed or blocked via web browser settings .
To learn more about how to
manage Flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website ( at
Privacy Settings Panel ( at
Links to third party websites and services .
When you use DIRECTV products and services ,
you will find many opportunities to link to websites of third parties , access services offered by
third parties , or to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information to third parties .
click through to these websites , access these services or provide such information , this Policy no
We recommend that you read the privacy policy provided by any such third party .
How we use your information .
We may use the information we collect to deliver our products and services to our subscribers
and to understand what our subscribers want so we can continue to make DIRECTV the best
video and entertainment experience anytime , anywhere .
Specifically , we may use the information
for editorial , feedback , marketing and promotion purposes , for statistical research and analysis ,
for product and service development and enhancement , for content improvement , for quality
control and troubleshooting purposes , to verify subscriber qualifications to receive our products
and services , to bill for our products and services , to monitor use of our products and services ,
and for other legitimate business purposes .
We may also use the information to customize
advertising delivered to you via DIRECTV services .
In addition , we may use certain information , such as what programming you have purchased ,
streamed or downloaded , to help us recommend viewing choices and personalize your viewing
experience , and help you derive additional benefits from your subscription .
We may also use this
information for surveys , audience measurement , and other legitimate business purposes .
example , if you have DIRECTV DVR service , your DIRECTV Receiver may use your viewing
information to recommend programs for you .
Recommendations may also be made based on
programs you record or view through an Authorized Device or an Authorized Application .
How we share your information .
We may share your information with affiliated companies of DIRECTV .
If we choose to
share information in this fashion , we will require our affiliates to honor this Policy .
Vendors , suppliers and servicers .
We may also share your information with third parties where
it is necessary to conduct a legitimate business activity related to developing , supporting and delivering our products and services and serving our subscribers .
For example , we share your
information with servicers that provide bill processing , technical assistance , debt collection ,
advertising , service and product analytics , fraud protection , credit risk reduction , and other
support services on our behalf , and also to servicers that provide services through DIRECTV to
our subscribers in order to coordinate delivery or billing , and to deliver advertisements in our
products and services .
We take reasonable steps to require these third parties to safeguard
personally identifiable information and require them to adhere to terms consistent with this Policy .
We may also share your information with third parties : ( 1 ) that own content
and technologies used in our products and services to report on and account for use of such
content and technologies by our subscribers ; or ( 2 ) with whom we offer co-branded , joint or
customized products or services .
We take reasonable steps to require these third parties to
safeguard your personally identifiable information .
Legal or business obligations .
We may also share your information with third parties :
In connection with the sale , transfer , or other assignment of our business , including with
a company that acquires DIRECTV or all or substantially all of our assets .
acquired by another company or if another company acquires some or all of our assets ,
that company will possess the personally identifiable information collected by us and will
assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy ;
When we believe it is appropriate to comply with legal requirements ;
To enforce or apply the DIRECTV Customer Agreement and other
DIRECTV policies and agreements ;
In response to legal process ;
To protect our rights and property , including to combat identity theft , to investigate billing
fraud and to prevent unauthorized reception of DIRECTV programming or services ; or
Where otherwise permitted by law .
In most cases where disclosure is being made pursuant to legal process , we will provide you with
prior notice of the subpoena or court order so that you have the opportunity to contest in a court
proceeding such subpoena or court order .
Through our products and services we may present promotional offers or
enable you to buy goods and services from us or third party commerce partners .
to participate in an offer or engage in a transaction with DIRECTV or any such third party , you
may be given to the opportunity to provide , or we , on your behalf , will collect and share with the
third party or its agent , the information required to fulfill your request ( such as your name , address
or other contact information , and interest in the offer or transaction ) .
This information is shared
only upon your affirmative response to an offer or transaction .
Once such information is shared ,
the use of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy and this Policy will not
Social media connections .
If you connect to a third party social media service ( such as
Facebook , Twitter or Viggle ) through an icon or link on the DIRECTV program guide or elsewhere
within a DIRECTV service , we may share the contents of your post and associated information
( such as your user name , your status as a DIRECTV subscriber , and other relevant usage and
diagnostic information ) with such third party .
This information is shared only when you
affirmatively connect with the third party social media service .
Once such information is shared ,
the use of your information will be subject to that service 's privacy policy and this Policy will not
Non-personally identifiable information .
We may anonymize or aggregate any information we
collect so that the information does not identify you .
Our use and disclosure of such anonymized ,
aggregated , and other non-personally identifiable information is not subject to any restrictions
under this Policy and we may use it and disclose it to others for any purpose without limitation .
Your choices regarding our use of your information .
Your use of any DIRECTV product or service constitutes your explicit consent to our collection ,
use and disclosure of your information , including your personally identifiable information , as
provided in this Policy .
You may request that certain uses and disclosures of your information be restricted as described
Communications from DIRECTV .
We may , from time to time , use your information to contact
you by mail , e-mail or telephone to tell you about additional products or services that we or third
parties may offer .
If you do not wish to receive such calls or promotional materials from
Policy , P.O .
Box 6550 , Greenwood Village , CO 80155-6550 ) .
If you make these choices , you
understand that we will not be able to inform you about any upcoming features , improvements , or
promotions regarding your DIRECTV service .
However , we may still contact you about the
delivery of your DIRECTV service ( such as to correct technical issues identified through our
review of diagnostic and statistical information ) .
Advertisements in our products and services .
You may request not to receive advertisements
in our video services selected for you based on your information by calling 1-800-DIRECTV .
However , you may still continue to receive advertisements that are related to the content on a
web page you are visiting or in a service you are using or based on other non-personally
Your request to not receive advertisements applies only to DIRECTV
advertising services and does not affect interest-based advertising from commerce partners with
whom your information has been shared as provided above , or from other parties ( such as
advertising networks ) that may have access to your information through other services available
on an Authorized Device or Authorized Application .
How long we keep your information .
We maintain your information as long as necessary for the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected
or as required by law .
When such information is no longer necessary for our business purposes ,
we destroy it unless there is an outstanding request or order to preserve it .
How we protect your information .
We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect
However , no system is completely secure or error-free .
We do not , and can not ,
guarantee the complete security of your information .
How you may access and correct your personally identifiable information .
The Federal Communications Act , 338 ( i ) imposes limitations with respect to the collection and
disclosure of personally identifiable information by satellite operators , unless you provide us
consent to collect or disclose information in another fashion .
Generally speaking , satellite
operators may not use the satellite system to collect personally identifiable information
concerning subscribers without prior consent of the subscriber concerned except to obtain
information necessary to render our satellite television service or other services to our
subscribers or to detect unauthorized reception of satellite communications .
In addition , subject to
certain specified exceptions , satellite operators generally may not disclose personally identifiable information without consent of the subscriber concerned .
Also , satellite operators must take such
actions as are necessary to prevent unauthorized access to such information by a person other
than the subscriber or satellite operator .
If you believe we have violated the provisions of the
Communications Act , you may bring an action for damages , reasonable attorneys ' fees , and
The DIRECTV Customer Agreement contains our agreement that claims such as these
will be resolved by binding arbitration .
You received a copy of the Customer Agreement in your
You may also obtain access to your personally identifiable information and correct any errors in
such information by contacting us anytime by phone ( 1-800-531-5000 ) , e-mail
Box 6550 , Greenwood
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time .
If we make a material change with regard
to our collection or use of personally identifiable information , we will note on the main page of our
website that this Policy has been updated and may take additional reasonable steps to notify you
about the new or revised policy .
In most cases , we will attempt to notify you in some form 30 days
before the effective date of the change .
To comment on or ask about this Policy , call ( 1-800-531-
Greenwood Village , CO 80155-6550 ) .
DIRECTV and the Cyclone Design logo are trademarks of DIRECTV , LLC .
trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners .

Help Account Privacy Policy
When you register or enter information on our site , we collect your personal information .
We use cookies and other technology to keep track of your online interaction with our site .
We do n't send spam and do not permit spam on Discogs
We use information to :
Provide the requested services .
Personalize the site for you and communicate with you .
Help enforce our terms and conditions , prevent fraud , and keep Discogs safe .
We disclose your information to facilitate your transactions on the site .
We occasionally provide information to other companies who work on our behalf to help provide our services .
We share limited information with law enforcement and others to help keep Discogs safe .
We do not give or sell email addresses or collection/wantlist data to any third party .
The settings page allows you to :
Choose how we communicate with you .
Change your personal information
Set privacy preferences for your collection and wantlist
Public Groups & Forums
Information you post in groups , forums , and/or database becomes public information .
Please exercise caution when disclosing your private information in these areas .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are buyers or sellers on our site or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them .
Discogs does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
Analytics & Display Advertising
The Google Analytics features we 've implemented are based on Displayed Advertising ( e.g. , Remarketing ) .
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager .
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online .
Third-party vendors , including Google , show our ads on sites across the Internet .
We and third-party vendors , including Google , use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookie ) and third-party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to inform , optimize , and serve ads based on someone 's past visits to our website .
If you would like to opt-out you may use this browser add-on .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
All changes to our terms are effective immediately .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated .
You can contact us via our support request form .

The Walt Disney Company has a rich tradition of bringing great stories , characters and experiences to our guests around the world , and our sites and applications are created to entertain and connect guests with the best that Disney has to offer on the platforms and devices they prefer .
We have updated our privacy policy .
Our updated policy is designed to provide greater transparency into our privacy practices and principles , in a new format that is easier to navigate , read and understand .
We continue to treat your personal information with care and respect .
Effective Date : April 16 , 2013
This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application .
We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate .
Types of Information We Collect
How We Collect Your Information
Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
Your Controls and Choices
Data Security and Integrity
Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Types of Information We Collect
We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information .
We collect the following categories of information :
Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password
Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information
Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information
Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account
Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information
Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send
How We Collect Your Information
We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us .
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform .
The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices .
Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications .
We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms .
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically .
Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it .
Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies
A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information .
The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here [ link to list of data controllers ] .
Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :
Provide you with the products and services you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies
Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you :
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services
Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications
Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications .
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Sharing Your Information with Other Companies
We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including :
When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as :
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices .
When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services
When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law
When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law
Your Controls and Choices
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information .
In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :
You may correct , update and delete your registration account
You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts
You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you
You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services
You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same
You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you .
Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences .
If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services .
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications .
Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features .
When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :
Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children
Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity
Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted
Data Security and Integrity
The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information .
Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent .
We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes .
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent .
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services .
Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information .
Notice to California Residents : If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California .
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains .
If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online .
Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest .
Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest .
Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests .
Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information .
In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age .
The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :
Sites and Applications Company Contact Information
bindass.com GenX Entertainment Limited 7th Floor , Building No . 11 , Solitaire Corporate Park , Guru Hargovindji Marg , Chakala , Andheri ( E ) , Mumbai- 400093
utvstars.com UTV Entertainment Television Limited 7th Floor , Building No . 11 , Solitaire Corporate Park , Guru Hargovindji Marg , Chakala , Andheri ( E ) , Mumbai- 400093
utvaction.in GenX Entertainment Limited 7th Floor , Building No . 11 , Solitaire Corporate Park , Guru Hargovindji Marg , Chakala , Andheri ( E ) , Mumbai- 400093
utvworldmovies.com UTV Entertainment Television Limited 7th Floor , Building No . 11 , Solitaire Corporate Park , Guru Hargovindji Marg , Chakala , Andheri ( E ) , Mumbai- 400093
Marg , Lower Parel , Mumbai- 400013 .
Marg , Lower Parel , Mumbai- 400013 .
Marg , Lower Parel , Mumbai- 400013 .
indiagames.in Indiagames Limited 11th Floor , Vishwaroop IT Park , Sector 30A , Opp .
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
mobile.indiagames.com Indiagames Limited 11th Floor , Vishwaroop IT Park , Sector 30A , Opp .
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
god.indiagames.com Indiagames Limited 11th Floor , Vishwaroop IT Park , Sector 30A , Opp .
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
t20fever.com Indiagames Limited 11th Floor , Vishwaroop IT Park , Sector 30A , Opp .
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
game.raonemovie.com Indiagames Limited 11th Floor , Vishwaroop IT Park , Sector 30A , Opp .
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
Vashi Railway Station , Navi Mumbai 400705
A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) .
An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information .
Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law .
Parents means a parent or legal guardian .
Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number .
When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information .
Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience .
If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party .
To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services .
The Walt Disney Family of Companies .
The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names .
These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services .
The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :
Guest Services Contact Information
The Walt Disney Company ( India ) Private Limited
4th Floor , Peninsula Tower No . 1 ,
Peninsula Corporate Park , G.K .
Lower Parel , Mumbai- 400013 , India
United State of America :
Disney Interactive Media Group
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-7667
United States of America
Disney Interactive Media Group is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program in the United States .
If you believe that Disney Interactive Media Group has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you may contact TRUSTe here or the United States Federal Trade Commission through its online consumer complaint form available here .
Accessing Your Registration Account
You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration ( that is , your postal address , email address , or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you ) or delete your registration account , here .
[ link to local account management page ( s ) ]
Forgot your password ? Click here .
Accessing Your Child 's Registration Account
To request access and update the information your child gave us during registration or to request that we delete your child 's registration account , please contact Guest Services .
To modify a general marketing permission that you provided when you registered and set up your account ( or any later changes to that permission ) , please contact Guest Services .
Following our receipt of your request to cease using your personal information for marketing purposes , we may require a reasonable period of time to update our systems to fully implement your request .
Choices for Subscriptions , Newsletters and Alerts
In addition to the general marketing choices managed above , you may choose to subscribe or unsubscribe to a number of communications covering a variety of topics .
Please click on the links below to learn about many of these communications and set your choices .
Click here to subscribe to GoD packs
Click here to unsubscribe newsletters
Online Tracking and Advertising
Online Tracking and Advertising
We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity on our sites and applications using tracking technologies such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons .
Definitions for the tracking technologies listed , as well as information regarding how to disable them , are available below .
This tracking data is used for many purposes including , for example , to :
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to our sites and applications ; for example , remembering your shipping information for future purchases
Deliver relevant content based on your preferences , usage patterns and location
Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our sites and applications
Analyze traffic on our sites and on the sites of third parties
We may associate this tracking data with your registration account , in which case we will treat it as personal information .
Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online .
Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies .
Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications , but does not identify you personally and is not associated with your registration account .
You may choose not to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here .
In the United States , we adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Examples of online tracking technologies include :
Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the website .
Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us , to another party on our behalf , or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy .
We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you .
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off all cookies .
You do this through your browser settings .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies .
If you turn cookies off , you wo n't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly .
We may use local shared objects , sometimes known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies , please click here .
If you disable Flash cookies , you wo n't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of sites .
Web beacons may involve the transmission of information directly to us , to another party on our behalf , or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy .
We may use web beacons to bring together information we collect about you .

Effective January 23 , 2010
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents :
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
We take your privacy seriously .
To protect it better , this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DNAIndia.com website .
On some pages , you can register for certain services .
The types of personal information collected at these pages may include :
The Way We Use Information :
We do not share with outside parties any information that you may give us while registering on the site .
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form , but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also giving you a chance to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by visiting following URL :
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information .
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
How to Contact Us

Privacy and Security Statement
Thank you for visiting the Department of Labor ( DOL or Department ) website and reviewing our privacy and security statement .
DOL is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems .
With respect to the collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information ( PII ) , DOL makes every effort to ensure compliance with applicable federal law , including , but not limited to , The Privacy Act of 1974 , The Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 , and The Freedom of Information Act .
As a general rule , the Department does not collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information .
The information we collect varies based on what you do when visiting our site .
If you respond to an online request for personal information
The information requested by the Department will be used to respond to your inquiry or to provide you with the service associated with the request .
When this information is requested , a customized `` Privacy Notice '' will describe fully the reasons for collecting it and will provide a description of the Department 's intended use of the information .
This Privacy Notice will appear in one of two places .
It will either be on the webpage where the information is collected or it will be accessible through a link prominently displayed immediately preceding the information request .
If you visit our site to read or download information , we collect and store the following information
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet ( for example , dol.gov , if you are connecting from the Department of Labor 's computer account ) .
The date and time you access our site .
The Internet address of the website from which you directly linked to our site .
This information is used by software programs on our website to collect summary statistics that allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site , identify what information is of most and least interest , determine technical design specifications , monitor system performance , and help us make our site more useful to visitors .
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail containing personal information
You may send us personally identifiable information in an electronic mail message - for example you may send us your mailing address when requesting that information be mailed to you .
This information is used solely for responding to your requests for information or records .
We may forward your e-mail to other government employees who are better able to fulfill your requests .
If you link to other sites outside DOL
Our website has many links to other sites .
When you link to any of these sites , you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site .
Social Media and Third Party Sites
In addition to the Department 's official websites , the Department uses social media and third party sites to provide DOL content in a different format that may be useful or interesting to you .
When we use these sites , the information we provide is consistent with the intended purpose of the DOL website .
No PII may be requested from or collected by DOL on social media sites .
The privacy protection provided on social media and third party sites that are not a part of DOL websites may not be the same as the privacy protection given by the DOL and described here .
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive .
They can serve several functions , depending upon how they are designed :
they allow the website to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ;
they track what information you view at a site ( important to commercial sites trying to determine your buying preferences ) ;
in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many websites but not the whole Web ;
businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ;
advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many websites ; and
they can be used to help a website tailor screens for each customer 's preference .
Some DOL pages have `` session cookies , '' to facilitate use of that particular page .
These disappear when the Web user terminates a Web session and closes the browser .
DOL also permits the use of persistent cookies for the collection of Web metrics ; however , DOL does not collect any personally identifiable information about visitors to our Web pages .
Please see our DOL Persistent Cookie Notice that details the types of information collected and how to opt-out by changing the cookie settings in your browsers .
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie .
Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies .
For security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , our Web site also employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and The National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 .

Last updated December 13 , 2013
Your privacy is important to DomainTools .
This privacy policy is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information so you can make an informed decision about using our websites , including domaintools.com , screenshots.com , and other sites on which this policy is posted .
DomainTools may update this privacy policy from time to time .
When we do , the changes will be posted on this page and the date indicated above will be updated .
So please check this page periodically .
In the case of material changes , we may also contact you using the email address you provided , if any , or post a notice on our website that the privacy policy has been modified .
Please read this statement before using our websites or submitting any personal information to us and let us know if you have any questions .
If you do not agree with this policy , please do not submit personal information or use our website or online services .
Collection and use of personal information
Personal information is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person .
DomainTools collects personal information in several ways .
When you register for a DomainTools account , we may ask you to provide certain personal information , including your name and email address .
If you register for a paid account or make a purchase , we may ask you to provide your address , phone number , and credit-card or PayPal billing information .
We also request information from you when you log in to your DomainTools account , where you will be required to provide your account name and password as a condition to accessing certain information , materials , or services .
DomainTools may use personal information , either alone or in combination with other information , to provide and improve our services in several ways .
For example , we use your email address to send registration reminders , to notify you of updates , and to send news and special offers .
We use your credit card or other billing information to obtain payment for certain kinds of accounts or for other purchases you make .
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information .
For example , if you register for an account but do not wish to receive additional marketing material from us , you can generally indicate your preference on the registration form .
If you no longer wish to receive news or promotional materials , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each news release or communication .
DomainTools may retain collected personal information indefinitely .
Collection and use of other information
DomainTools may also collect other , non-personal information , which does not permit identification or association with a particular individual .
We may collect information about user activity on our websites .
This includes the time , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , the referral source ( if any ) , and the browser user agent .
This information is not shared with third parties .
It may be used by DomainTools to detect and monitor potential misuse of our services , to improve our services , and to provide customer support .
DomainTools may retain this information indefinitely .
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information , we will treat the combined information as personal information for as long as it remains combined .
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer through your web browser that enables the website or service provider system to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information .
DomainTools uses cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future .
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors .
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business .
DomainTools may also collect information about your use of our website and services .
For example , we may record your searches and uses of various services we provide .
This is done in order to provide you with the results of those searches or services when you next visit our website .
DomainTools may retain this information indefinitely .
Disclosure to third parties
DomainTools does not sell personal information to third parties .
DomainTools may provide information , including personal information , to certain third-party service providers .
For example , we may provide user email addresses to our third-party email service provider in order to contact our users by email .
Also , we provide necessary billing information to our third-party credit-card processor for the purpose of completing user transactions .
These companies are obligated to protect your information and are not permitted to use it for other purposes .
We may also release your information when we believe release is reasonably necessary in order to comply with the law , enforce our terms of service , or protect ours or others ' rights , property , or safety .
Additionally , in the event of a reorganization , merger , or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party .
DomainTools follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
But no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Your information is stored on DomainTools ' servers .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit-card billing information ) on our registration or order forms , we undertake to encrypt that information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) or other similar technology .
In order to benefit from those protections , you must use an SSL-enabled web browser .
DomainTools personnel are trained appropriately regarding the application of privacy practices and the importance of protecting your information .
DomainTools does not knowingly collect any information from children under 13 .
Our website , products , and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older .
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 , we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible .
Links to other sites
Our websites may contain links to third-party websites at which personal information may be collected .
DomainTools has no control over the information you provide to third-party websites and the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site .
How you can access or correct your information
You can help ensure that your contact and billing information and other preferences are accurate , complete , and up-to-date by logging in to your DomainTools account .

Privacy Policy of Digital Photography Review
Last updated : 16 November 2010
Digital Photography Review ( dpreview.com ) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes the privacy policy of dpreview.com .
By visiting dpreview.com , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by dpreview.com is controlled primarily by Dpreview.com Limited. , the data processor , which is a subsidiary of Amazon.com , Inc .
Amazon.com , Inc. and most of its controlled US subsidiaries are participants in the Safe Harbour programme developed by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union .
These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the US and the EU .
For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view these Amazon Group companies ' certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbour website .
What Personal Information About Users Does dpreview.com Gather
The information we learn from users helps us personalise and continually improve your experience at dpreview.com .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customising future browsing for you , improving our site , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use `` cookies '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses dpreview.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of dpreview.com on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are stored by your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as personalised site features and automatic login .
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies may allow you to take advantage of some of dpreview.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
We use web beacons ( also known as `` action tags '' or `` single-pixel gifs '' ) and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of certain site features and to conduct research and analysis .
We also allow third parties to place web beacons and other technologies on our site to conduct research and analysis , but we do not provide personal information to such third parties .
Does dpreview.com share the Information it receives
Information about our users is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
dpreview.com shares user information only as described below and with Amazon.com , Inc. and the subsidiaries which Amazon.com , Inc. controls .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We may include features , offerings or joint offerings from affiliated businesses on dpreview.com .
You will be able to tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we may share user information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third Party Service Providers : We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include sending e-mail , analysing data , providing marketing assistance , and providing customer service .
They may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Further , they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Data Protection Act in the UK .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units .
In such transactions , user information generally is one of the transferred business assets .
Also , in the unlikely event that Dpreview.com Limited , Amazon.com , Inc. or substantially all of either of their assets are acquired , user information will , of course , be one of the transferred assets .
In all such transactions , user information remains subject to the promises we made in our pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless the user consents otherwise ) .
Protection of dpreview.com and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of dpreview.com , our users or others .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from users for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice .
With your consent : other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above , we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection .
How Secure Is Information About Me
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection , storage and disclosure of personally identifiable user information .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer .
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites
dpreview.com includes third-party advertising and links to other web sites .
We do not provide any personally identifiable user information to these advertisers or third-party web sites .
These third-party web sites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , sometimes use technology to send ( or `` serve '' ) the advertisements that appear on the dpreview.com web site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( also known as `` action tags '' or `` single-pixel gifs '' ) , and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
We do not have access to , or control over , cookies or other features that they may use , and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party web sites are not covered by this Privacy Notice .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
dpreview.com may also display targeted advertising on the dpreview.com web site based on personal information about users .
Although dpreview.com does not provide any personal information to advertisers , advertisers ( including ad-serving companies ) may assume that users who interact with or click on a targeted advertisement meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement ( for example , users in the United Kingdom who read a Canon or Nikon review ) .
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
What Choices Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to take advantage of dpreview.com features .
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of dpreview.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
If you have any concern about privacy at dpreview.com , please contact us via the Feedback option with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you .
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users .
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
When you sign up to become a dpreview.com member you are asked to provide us with a valid e-mail address .
We will verify this with a token e-mail .
Your login identity on dpreview.com ( your name ' ) can be your real name or an alias .
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include : the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version ; operating system and platform ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for personalization and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page .

We are committed to protecting our users ' privacy .
Keeping the information you share with us on the site , secure and ensuring your understanding of how we collect , use and maintain your information is important to us at Dreamstime .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information and while no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your information .
We continually assess new technology for protecting information and , when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Because of its importance and to make it easier for you to find and review it , we have made this Privacy Policy into a separate document on the site .
However , bear in mind it is a part of our agreement with you and the terms and conditions contained in our Terms of Use describe how and when we may make changes to these statements and terms , and how they become binding upon you .
We reserve the right to modify this policy .
Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page .
Users are encouraged to check the page regularly as they will be bound by the changes once posted on the site .
Although your privacy is very important to us , in this legal and technical environment , we can not fully ensure that your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties .
Please see `` Disclosure to Third Parties '' , below , for more information .
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and inform you as to :
- the kinds of information we collect from users of the site and how that information is collected ;
- how we use the information ;
- the circumstances under which we disclose information to third parties ;
- how you can access , update or delete any information collected about you by us ; and
- the mechanisms we have implemented to protect your personally identifiable information .
You can visit the site and learn about our company and its Products , as well as certain goods and services available from our advertisers and suppliers .
When we use the term `` personally identifiable information '' we mean information such as your full name , street address , town or city , state , zip code , telephone number , date of birth , e-mail address , IP address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you .
Personally identifiable information also includes information about your transactions or relationship with us , if you have been a customer or you have provided this type of information .
For example , if you make a purchase on our site , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and maintain your billing address , Image selections , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and web site which may have referred or directed you to the site ( e.g . the referring URL ) .
We collect this and other information to fill your order , to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials .
We collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit the site and input information , whether you are registering to use the site , enrolling or signing up for features and functions , participating in promotions , ordering or purchasing or in the course of any other exchanges of information , transactions and activities .
We may use the information we obtain from you , including personally identifiable information , to tailor your experience on the site , to display content we think may be of interest to you , or to let us customize what you see when you visit the site according to your preferences .
Some features and functions of the site require you to register or obtain our permission before you can use them - for security , identification and marketing reasons , among others - and as part of that process we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information .
In addition , during the registration process we will also ask you to select ( or we may provide ) a user login and password ( we will allow you to change your password , as well as any personally identifiable information you have given us in order to keep this information current and accurate ) .
Among other things , this information helps us securely identify you as a registered or permitted user of those features and functions .
Bear in mind that when you submit information to us , it does not guarantee that we will permit you to use any or all of the features or functions of the site .
The personally identifiable information you provide to us , as well as any information , personal or otherwise , that you create and which may be saved on or in association with the site , is used to provide you with better service .
It allows us to save you time and money and better understand your needs .
It also helps us help you learn more about your preferences and those goods and services that may be of interest to you .
For example , we track your information to assist us in confirming and filling orders , producing reports , maintaining quality control , administering and managing the site and our business , and , whenever it may become necessary or appropriate , to contact you concerning your orders , your transactions or any other activities associated with the site .
We may use your personally identifiable information to advise you of goods or services which may be available from Dreamstime , its suppliers and/or advertisers .
If you are a registered user , you also acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the site and its functions and features , in connection with your registration and use of the site .
We feature the names and logos of our organizational customers in various places throughout the site .
Please let us know , using our contact page , if your organization objects to being listed as a Dreamstime featured customer , and we will upon receipt of your request remove all references to the organization from the site , except as may appear on your user profile page .
If , however , we receive no objection after listing your organization 's name and/or logo as a featured customer , we will presume that we have your permission to display this information .
In all cases , we will endeavor to follow your instructions concerning use of your company 's name and logo .
We use 'cookie ' technology to collect data regarding your visits to the site .
This data is stored in aggregate form and is not used to identify any particular user or individual , by other means than to provide you with access to our site , products or services .
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies in a variety of ways , including :
- keeping count of your return visits to the site ;
- accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the site ;
- identifying relevant keywords and search terms relating to images viewed ;
- determining which features users like best ;
- choosing advertisements that might be more relevant to you and
- saving your user ID , your password or other information so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the site .
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser .
Assuming your browser is configured to accept them , when you visit our websites , we will send one or more cookies to your computer or other device .
We may also set one or more cookies in your browser when you click on an ads or other links presented on our website .
Cookies make it possible to store user preferences and record which portions of our website you and other users are using the most .
We use cookies for the purposes of preventing fraud and improving the quality of our service .
If you choose not to accept cookies , you should configure your browser to not accept them by following the documentation provided with your browser software .
If you have questions about how to enable or disable cookies in your browser , you should contact the developer of your browser software for more information .
Disabling cookies in your browser will cause certain portions of the Dreamstime website to not function as expected .
We will interpret your access of this website using a browser that is configured to accept cookies as an affirmative representation that ( I ) you have read and understood this cookie policy ; and ( ii ) you consent to us setting cookies in your browser .
Dreamstime participates in various `` Remarketing '' programs that are designed to tailor advertisements you see by recording certain keywords and tags that are associated with the pages you browse on our website , and then using that information to automatically select ads that may be more relevant to you .
More specifically , Dreamstime uses DoubleClick remarketing pixels and the Teracent cookie to participate in the Dynamic Ad Serving feature provided by Google .
If you would prefer to opt out of these services on our site , you may do so by visiting our Remarketing Opt Out Page .
Please note that this procedure will not block ads that are displayed on the websites you visit , and it will not prevent websites other than Dreamstime from collecting remarketing data about your browsing activities .
To disable placement of the Teracent cookie for all websites , you may visit the Teracent opt-out page .
Similarly , to disable DoubleClick 's remarketing cookie for all websites , you may visit the DoubleClick opt-out page .
We also utilize Google Analytics as part of our Remarketing program and to provide use with statistical information about portions of the Dreamstime website that are visited the most .
You may disable Google Analytics by visiting Google 's Ads Preferences Manager .
Third Parties on our site
Our site may contain advertisements , references and links to other web sites and organizations .
You should be aware that different rules may apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other web sites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not ours , and even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and we encourage you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard .
Disclosure to Third Parties
Except as described in this Privacy Policy , Dreamstim uses good faith efforts not to provide third parties with access to your personally identifiable information .
We will , however , make your personally identifiable information available to others :
- As part of your public member profile , where your name and location are displayed unless your profile has been set to confidential ( please contact support for assistance ) ;
- When we have retained companies to work with or on behalf of Dreamstime.com to provide Products , goods or services that you have requested ;
- When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) ;
- If we believe your actions violate any law , regulation , our Terms of Use or any of our guidelines for promotions , Product offerings or any other features or functions of the site , or if you threaten the rights , property or safety of Dreamstime.com , its suppliers , advertisers , other customers or users , or any other party ;
- As and when we , in our sole discretion , believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries , to protect our business and assets , to defend our interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations ; or
- In the event of a bankruptcy , or a merger , acquisition , joint venture or other business combination involving us .
It is also possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
We do not sell or market your personally identifiable information to unaffiliated organizations .
Some of the aggregate customer data we collect may be shared with advertising companies in order to enhance and improve the operation and relevance of the site , but we do not give any personally identifiable information to them as part of this relationship .
Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies .
Your messages to us , including comments and other feedback that you may provide to us , are not private communications and will not be treated as such .
We will use these communications to help improve the site and to help other users understand which features are popular and useful .
In doing so , it is necessary to share your communications to us with various third parties .
Unless expressly directed otherwise by you in the communication , we may share the contents of such communications from you with other parties ; provided , however , that we will not identify you as the author of the communications using your real name , if at all .
For example , we may include as a testimonial in promotional materials your feedback to us concerning your experience in using the Dreamstime website .
You should avoid including any information in the contents of your communications to us that may reveal your identity as the author of the communication unless you intend that we disclose the same without restriction to any party .
If you provide us with your e-mail address , we may occasionally send you emails notifying you about new services , products or other news relevant for you or the community .
Our privacy guidelines are designed to ensure that we :
- collect and use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to deliver high quality service , to administer our business and to let you know of goods and services that are available from our family of companies ;
- protect the personally identifiable information the site 's users share with us , maintaining strict standards of security and confidentiality .
In this regard we even limit access by our own employees to those individuals who are trained and advised in the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes ;
- not disclose your personally identifiable information to any external organization , except as we have described in this Privacy Policy or unless we have previously obtained your consent ( `` opt in
- require any other organization that we retain or engage to provide services for us , to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance ;
- exchange information about you and carry out credit approvals or checks necessary for your purchases of Products from us , to prevent fraud and any other activities we may be required to monitor and report under applicable laws and regulations ; and
- make every effort to keep your personally identifiable information complete , up to date , and accurate based on the information you provide us .
Our site provides a convenient and easy to use mechanism to allow you to access and update the personally identifiable information you give us .
This Privacy Policy is the sole statement of Dreamstime 's privacy policy with respect to the site , and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .

Last Modified : April 10 , 2013
This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing your information .
A Device is any computer used to access the Dropbox Service , including without limitation a desktop , laptop , mobile phone , tablet , or other consumer electronic device .
This Privacy Policy governs your access of the Dropbox Service , regardless of how you access it , and by using our Services you consent to the collection , transfer , processing , storage , disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy .
All of the different forms of data , content , and information described below are collectively referred to as information .
The Information We Collect And Store
We may collect and store the following information when running the Dropbox Service :
Information You Provide .
When you register an account , we collect some personal information , such as your name , phone number , credit card or other billing information , email address and home and business postal addresses .
You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services ( for example , your email account ) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services .
When you invite others to join Dropbox by using our referral page , we send them a one-time email for that referral .
You may also provide us with your contacts ' email addresses when sharing folders or files with them .
We may also receive Personal Information ( for example , your email address ) through other users , for example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer Dropbox to you .
We collect and store the files you upload , download , or access with the Dropbox Service ( Files ) .
If you add a file to your Dropbox that has been previously uploaded by you or another user , we may associate all or a portion of the previous file with your account rather than storing a duplicate .
When you use the Service , we automatically record information from your Device , its software , and your activity using the Services .
This may include the Device 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , the web page visited before you came to our website , information you search for on our website , locale preferences , identification numbers associated with your Devices , your mobile carrier , date and time stamps associated with transactions , system configuration information , metadata concerning your Files , and other interactions with the Service .
We also use cookies to collect information and improve our Services .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device .
We may use persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service .
We may use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Service , to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service .
How We Use Personal Information
In the course of using the Service , we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you ( Personal Information ) .
Personal Information is or may be used : ( i ) to provide and improve our Service , ( ii ) to administer your use of the Service , ( iii ) to better understand your needs and interests , ( iv ) to personalize and improve your experience , and ( v ) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements .
If you no longer wish to receive communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of those communications , or update your account settings information .
Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information ( for example , GPS ) .
Our mobile apps do not collect such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect , but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Services .
Some photos and videos you place in Dropbox may contain recorded location information .
We may use this information to optimize your experience .
If you do not wish to share files embedded with your geo-location information with us , please do not upload them .
If you do n't want to store location data in your photos or videos , please consult the documentation for your camera to turn off that feature .
Also , some of the information we collect from a Device , for example IP address , can sometimes be used to approximate a Device 's location .
We also collect some information ( ourselves or using third party services ) using logging and cookies , such as IP address , which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information .
We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service , for the Service 's technical administration , to increase our Service 's functionality and user-friendliness , and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests .
As of the date this policy went into effect , we use Google Analytics .
To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics , click here , and to learn how to opt out of that service click here .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account .
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you .
Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity .
You can review and revise your profile information at any time .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties .
We may also share or disclose your information with your consent , for example if you use a third party application to access your account ( see below ) .
Through certain features of the Service , you may also have the ability to make some of your information public .
Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated .
Service Providers , Business Partners and Others .
We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide , analyze , and improve the Service ( including but not limited to data storage , maintenance services , database management , web analytics , payment processing , and improvement of the Service 's features ) .
These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy .
As of the date this policy went into effect , we use Amazon 's S3 storage service to store some of your information ( for example , your Files ) .
You can find more information on Amazon 's data security from the S3 site or , read more about how Dropbox and Amazon securely store data .
We may share your information with a third party application with your consent , for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application .
We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information , so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests ; Protection of Dropbox 's Rights .
We may disclose to parties outside Dropbox files stored in your Dropbox and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( a ) comply with a law , regulation or compulsory legal request ; ( b ) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury ; ( c ) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or its users ; or ( d ) to protect Dropbox 's property rights .
If we provide your Dropbox files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above , we will remove Dropbox 's encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement .
However , Dropbox will not be able to decrypt any files that you encrypted prior to storing them on Dropbox .
If we are involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your information may be transferred as part of that transaction , but we will notify you ( for example , via email and/or a prominent notice on our website ) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Files , or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy .
We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information .
Non-private or Non-Personal Information .
We may disclose your non-private , aggregated , or otherwise non-personal information , such as usage statistics of our Service .
Changing or Deleting Your Information
If you are a registered user , you may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your account settings .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update or delete it by making the change on your account settings .
In some cases we may retain copies of your information if required by law .
We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services , you may delete your account here .
We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Consistent with these requirements , we will try to delete your information quickly upon request .
Please note , however , that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion .
In addition , we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users .
Dropbox for Business Users
If you have a Dropbox for Business account , your Administrator may be able to :
access information in and about your Dropbox for Business account ;
disclose , restrict , or access information that you have provided or that is made available to you when using your Dropbox for Business account ; and
control how your Dropbox for Business account may be accessed or deleted .
Please refer to your organization 's policies if you have questions about your Administrator 's rights .
Our Service offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs , forums , and wikis .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account .
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Dropbox .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy statements .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit .
The security of your information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to persons under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will take steps to delete such information from our files .
Dropbox has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
Dropbox complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Dropbox has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process is only available in English .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights , we will provide you with notice ( for example , by email ) .
And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well .
By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective , you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy .

Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION .
PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY .
This Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information to carry out treatment , payment or health care operations and for other purposes that are permitted or required by law .
It also describes your rights to access and control your protected health information .
Protected health information is information about you , including demographic information , that may identify you and that relates to your past , present or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care services .
We are required to abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We may change the terms of our notice at any time .
The new notice will be effective for all protected health information that we maintain both before and after the change .
Upon your request , we will provide you with any revised Notice of Privacy Practices by calling the office and requesting that a revised copy be sent to you in the mail or asking for one at the time of your next appointment .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
You will be asked by your physician to sign this Notice of Privacy Practices .
We will make a good faith effort to obtain a written acknowledgement that you received this Notice of Privacy Practices for Protected Health Information the first time we provide services to you after April 14 , 2003 or as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances .
Your protected health information may be used and disclosed by your physician , our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you .
Your protected health information may also be used and disclosed to obtain payment for your health care bills and to support the operation of the physician 's practice .
Following are examples of the types of uses and disclosures of your protected health care information that the physician 's office is permitted to make .
These examples are not meant to be exhaustive , but to describe the types of uses and disclosures that may be made by our office .
We will use and disclose your protected health information to provide , coordinate or manage your health care and any related services .
This includes the coordination or management of your health care with a third party that may need access to your protected health information .
For example , we would disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to a home health agency that provides care to you .
We will also disclose protected health information to other physicians who may be treating you .
For example , your protected health information may be provided to a physician to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician has the necessary information to diagnose or treat you .
In addition , we may disclose your protected health information from time-to-time to another physician or health care provider ( e.g. , a specialist or laboratory ) who , at the request of your physician , becomes involved in your care by providing assistance with your health care diagnosis or treatment to your physician .
Your protected health information will be used , as needed , to obtain payment for your health care services .
This may include certain activities that your health insurance plan may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you such as : making a determination of eligibility or coverage for insurance benefits , reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity and undertaking utilization review activities .
For example , obtaining approval for a hospital stay may require that your relevant protected health information be disclosed to the health plan to obtain approval for the hospital admission .
We may use or disclose , as needed , your protected health information in order to support the business activities of your physician 's practice .
These activities include , but are not limited to , quality assessment activities , employee review activities , training of medical students , licensing , and conducting or arranging for other business activities .
For example , we may disclose your protected health information to medical school students that see patients at our office .
In addition , we may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician .
We may also call you by name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to contact you to remind you of your appointment .
We will share your protected health information with third party business associates that perform various activities ( e.g. , billing , transcription services ) for the practice .
Whenever an arrangement between our office and a business associate involves the use or disclosure of your protected health information , we will have a written contract that contains terms that will protect the privacy of your protected health information .
We may use or disclose your protected health information , as necessary , to provide you with information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also use and disclose your protected health information for other marketing activities .
For example , your name and address may be used to send you a newsletter about our practice and the services we offer .
We may also send you information about products or services that we believe may be beneficial to you .
You may contact our Privacy Contact to request that these materials not be sent to you .
We may use or disclose your demographic information and the dates that you received treatment from your physician , as necessary , in order to contact you for fundraising activities supported by our office .
If you do not want to receive these materials , please contact our Privacy Contact and request that these fundraising materials not be sent to you .
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information Based Upon Your Written Authorization
Other uses and disclosures of your protected health information will be made only with your written authorization , unless otherwise permitted or required by law as described below .
You may revoke this authorization , at any time , in writing , except to the extent that your physician or the physician 's practice has taken an action in reliance on the use or disclosure indicated in the authorization .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use and disclose your protected health information in the following instances .
You have the opportunity to agree or object to the use or disclosure of all or part of your protected health information .
If you are not present or able to agree or object to the use or disclosure of the protected health information , then your physician may , using professional judgment , determine whether the disclosure is in your best interest .
In this case , only the protected health information that is relevant to your health care will be disclosed .
Unless you object , we will use and disclose in our facility directory your name , the location at which you are receiving care , your condition ( in general terms ) , and your religious affiliation .
All of this information , except religious affiliation , will be disclosed to people that ask for you by name .
Members of the clergy will be told your religious affiliation .
Others Involved in Your Healthcare .
Unless you object , we may disclose to a member of your family , a relative , a close friend or any other person you identify , your protected health information that directly relates to that person 's involvement in your health care .
If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure , we may disclose such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment .
We may use or disclose protected health information to notify or assist in notifying a family member , personal representative or any other person that is responsible for your care of your location , general condition or death .
Finally , we may use or disclose your protected health information to an authorized public or private entity to assist in disaster relief efforts and to coordinate uses and disclosures to family or other individuals involved in your health care .
We may use or disclose your protected health information in an emergency treatment situation .
If this happens , your physician shall try to obtain your acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of treatment .
If your physician or another physician in the practice is required by law to treat you and the physician has attempted to obtain your acknowledgement , but is unable , he or she may still use or disclose your protected health information for treatment , payment , and health care operations .
We may use and disclose your protected health information if your physician or another physician in the practice attempts to obtain an acknowledgement of our Privacy Practices from you , but is unable to do so due to substantial communication barriers .
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures that may be made without Your Consent , Authorization or Opportunity to Object
We may use or disclose your protected health information in the following situations without your acknowledgement or authorization .
These situations include :
Food and Drug Administration
Coroners , Funeral Directors and Organ Donation
Military Activity and National Security
Required Uses and Disclosures
Following is a statement of your rights with respect to your protected health information and a brief description of how you may exercise these rights .
You have the right to inspect and copy your protected health information .
This means you may inspect and obtain a copy of protected health information about you that is contained in a designated record set for as long as we maintain the protected health information .
A designated record set contains medical and billing records and any other records that your physician and the practice uses for making decisions about you .
Under federal law , however ; you may not inspect or copy the following records : psychotherapy notes ; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of , or use in , a civil , criminal , or administrative action or proceeding ; and protected health information that is subject to law that prohibits access to protected health information .
Depending on the circumstances , a decision to deny access may be reviewable .
In some circumstances , you may have a right to have this decision reviewed .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about access to your medical record .
You have the right to request a restriction of your protected health information .
This means you may ask us not to use or disclose any part of your protected health information for the purposes of treatment , payment or healthcare operations .
You may also request that any part of your protected health information not be disclosed to family members or friends who may be involved in your care or for notification purposes as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
Your request must state the specific restriction requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply .
Your physician is not required to agree to a restriction that you may request .
If a physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your protected health information , your protected health information will not be restricted .
If your physician does agree to the requested restriction , we may not use or disclose your protected health information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment .
With this in mind , please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician .
You may request a restriction by submitting a written request to our Privacy Contact .
You have the right to request to receive confidential communications from us by alternative means or at an alternative location .
We will accommodate reasonable requests .
We may also condition this accommodation by asking you for information as to how payment will be handled or specification of an alternative address or other method of contact .
We will not request an explanation from you as to the basis for the request .
Please make this request in writing to our Privacy Contact .
You may have the right to have your physician amend your protected health information .
This means you may request an amendment of protected health information about you in a designated record set for as long as we maintain this information .
In certain cases , we may deny your request for an amendment .
If we deny your request for amendment , you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal .
Please contact our Privacy Contact if you have questions about amending your medical record .
You have the right to receive an accounting of certain disclosures we have made , if any , of your protected health information .
This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment , payment or healthcare operations and valid authorizations or incidental disclosures as described in this Notice of Privacy Practices .
It excludes disclosures we may have made to you , for a facility directory , to family members or friends involved in your care , or for notification purposes .
You have the right to receive specific information regarding these disclosures that occurred after April 14 , 2003 .
You may request a shorter timeframe .
The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions , restrictions and limitations .
You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this notice from us , upon request , even if you have agreed to accept this notice electronically .
You may complain to us or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights have been violated by us .
You may file a complaint with us by notifying our Privacy Contact of your complaint .
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint .
You may contact our Privacy Contact Robert Rey , at 310 205-3107 for further information about the complaint process .
This notice was published and becomes effective on April 14 , 2003 .

The terms `` You '' and `` End-User '' refer to You as a user of this Site .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :
25 Apollo Drive , suite A
Telephone : +64 9 476 8500
By e-mail : Privacy email address
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) .
However , we may collect and store certain information automatically .
This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
This information may include :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
Date and time You access our site .
Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) .
Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site .
Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using .
Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site .
Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site .
We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas .
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) .
A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser .
If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited .
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs )
Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :
You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site .
We use this information to ;
Gather the requested information .
Respond to Your message .
Follow-up as appropriate .
Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide .
If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection .
Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes .
However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations .
However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy .
Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Drugs.com does not store this information .
In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions .
We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above .
If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message .
E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe .
To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account .
When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes .
You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles .
Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations .
None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual .
No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party .
Personally Identifiable Information ( PII )
If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q & A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit .
Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use .
Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member .
This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request .
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system .
In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists .
For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page .
Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
Updating and Closing Your Account
You may update or close/delete your account at any time .
When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters .
Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms `` You '' and `` End-User '' refer to You as a user of this Site .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
TRUSTe online privacy certification Drugs.com has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact :
25 Apollo Drive , suite A
Telephone : +64 9 476 8500
By e-mail : Privacy email address
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Drugs.com collects no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web site unless otherwise stated or unless you choose to provide this information to us ( such as through registration on our site , Mednotes , or on the product information submission forms ) .
However , we may collect and store certain information automatically .
This information will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
This information may include :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the domain from which You access the Internet , either Your individual address or the proxy provided by Your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
Date and time You access our site .
Pages You view ( recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page ) .
Web address of the site from which You linked directly to our site .
Browser version and operating system of the computer You are using .
Drugs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on the Drugs.com web site .
Drugs.com collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site .
We may use the summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors , such as assessing what information is of most and least interest to visitors , and for other purposes such as determining the site 's technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas .
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and to provide you with enhanced services ( viewing history , account information ) .
A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser .
If you reject cookies , you can still use our site , but your ability to use or access some areas of our site may be limited .
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs
Our third party tracking utility partner employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :
You may choose to provide us with personal information , by sending e-mail with questions or comments or by filling out an online form and submitting it to us through our web site .
We use this information to ;
Gather the requested information .
Respond to Your message .
Follow-up as appropriate .
Drugs.com does not create individual profiles with the information You provide .
If information is collected , it will be used solely in connection with Drugs.com , or for such other purposes as are described at the point of collection .
Drugs.com does not give , sell , or transfer any personal information to any third party for their promotional purposes .
However , Your e-mail message , question , or comment may be forwarded to other Drugs.com employees , contractors or subcontractors , who may be better able to help You .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations .
However , e-mail and on-line forms are not secure against interception and senders can not expect guaranteed privacy .
Drugs.com follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We use SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology to protect your sensitive information on our site .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send an email using our contact form .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Drugs.com does not store this information .
In order to use some areas of this web site , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration you are required to provide contact information such as your name , age , email address , preferred username , password and preferred subscriptions .
We will only use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
You also have the option to provide demographic information to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update , delete , or deactivate your information by signing into your account or by emailing our Customer Support or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above .
If you subscribe to receive e-mail , we will only send messages to notify you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
These e-mails may contain an occasional sponsor message .
E-mail messages sent to you will always contain at least one clearly visible link to unsubscribe .
To store a medication profile using Drugs.com Mednotes , you will need to create an account .
When You create a Drugs.com Account , we ask for your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
You control who can access the information stored in Mednotes .
You are the only user who can view and edit your Mednotes profiles .
Any information in your Mednotes profiles will not be shared with anyone beyond the web site support staff , except when required by law enforcement investigation ( such as to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or subpoena ) , and will be used only as a source of anonymous statistical information .
Drugs.com will use aggregate data to publish drug usage statistics , drug interaction data and drug treatment combinations .
None of this data can be used to personally identify an individual .
No data from Mednotes will be sold to any other party .
Personally Identifiable Information ( PII
If you choose to participate in any community or social oriented parts of the Drugs.com website , such as a forum , bulletin board , blog , chatroom , Q & A , reviews or comments section , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit .
Drugs.com also reserves the right to terminate the accounts of visitors who use these services in a manner inconsistent with our Terms of Use .
Drugs.com may retain personally identifiable information for the purpose of improving your user experience as a site member .
This data is removed when your account with Drugs.com is closed , terminated or upon request .
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
For example , if you set up an account but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference during signup .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter , by signing into your account or by emailing us .
For third party advertising information and opt-out options please click here .
To request the removal of publicly displayed personally identifiable information , you may contact us through our support system .
In order for us to consider your request , you are required to include your account name and links to any page ( s ) where you believe any such personally identifiable information exists .
For each instance , you must also provide clear instructions describing the exact position/location of the personally identifiable information on any page .
Drugs.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
Updating and Closing Your Account
You may update or close/delete your account at any time .
When a member is signed in a prominent link is provided to comprehensive account settings including options to permanently delete their account and to opt in or out of email newsletters .
Deleting your account will also remove any personally identifiable information that may have been submitted to Drugs.com upon registration .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy policy , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective .
Updated : June 14th , 2013

Validate TRUSTe privacy certification
This privacy policy explains our policies and practices regarding the collection , use , storage , and disclosure of your personal information by drugstore.com , inc. ( `` drugstore.com '' , `` we '' , `` us '' ) .
We have been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
We recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy .
We use the information that we collect on our websites to provide you with a superior shopping experience and to communicate with you about products , services , and promotions .
When you place an order , we will ask you to set up `` your account , '' which includes your name , e-mail address , mailing address , credit card number , and expiration date .
Using your account information , we will send you communications that we believe are relevant to you , including eMedalert recall notices , newsletters , and e-mails .
If you would like to review or revise the information we have in your account , you may access such information by clicking on the `` your account '' link below or on any screen of our site .
If you wish to send a gift certificate to a friend , we will ask for your friend 's name and e-mail address .
We will use this information to send your friend a one-time e-mail with the gift certificate attached .
We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this e-mail and to track the success of our gift certificate exchange .
We are pleased to hear from our customers and welcome your comments regarding our products .
We include customer reviews on our website to allow other customers to see what you think about a product .
These reviews may contain personally identifiable information , such as your name , should you choose to use your first and/or last name .
We also allow you the option of sharing your review anonymously by entering a nickname when submitting your review .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
In connection with the sale of certain regulated products , such as products containing pseudoephedrine , we may ask for additional information including a driver 's license or other government-issued identification and we will use this information solely for purposes of complying with mandatory recordkeeping and other legal requirements .
We automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our websites .
For example , like many other websites , we use `` cookies '' and web beacons ( described below ) and obtain certain types of information when your browser accesses our websites .
This information includes the Internet protocol ( IP ) address of your computer , your geographic location as determined by your IP address , your browser software and operating system , your web server , the date and time you access our site , session information ( such as download errors and page response times ) , information about your viewing , search and purchase history , and information about the referring URL and the URL clickstream to , through , and from our websites .
We use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our site , to enhance our customers ' search and shopping experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns .
Information From Third Parties
If we receive updated account information from third parties , we may revise your account for you so that we can efficiently process your orders , deliver your packages , or otherwise communicate with you .
For example , we may receive customer information from our shippers or from third parties with which we operate co-branded businesses .
In addition , we may acquire customer names , e-mail addresses , and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties .
Other Information You Provide
We collect additional information that you choose to give us .
For example , you provide information to us when you complete surveys or sweepstakes/contest entry forms , add items to Your List , sign up for special discounts or coupons , communicate with us by e-mail , phone or otherwise , provide product reviews , or provide alternative delivery addresses .
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
We protect all of your information against unauthorized access or release .
We share your personal and prescription information with third parties as follows :
GNC - Because we sell and accept GNC Gold Cards on behalf of GNC , when you purchase a GNC Gold Card from the drugstore.com website , we share your name , address , phone number , gender , and birth month and year with GNC .
At your direction , we also share your e-mail address .
When you use your GNC Gold Card to purchase GNC products at the drugstore.com website , we share with GNC a list of the products you purchased in the GNC Live Well store .
We do not share with GNC information about products that you purchase outside of the GNC Live Well store .
Pharmacy service provided through the drugstore.com website is provided by Walgreen Co .
Information you provide to Walgreens is governed by Walgreens privacy policies and practices .
Flexible Spending Account ( FSA ) Purchases When you make a purchase from the drugstore.com website of FSA-reimbursable items that will be automatically deducted from your FSA account ( i.e. , if you use your FSA-approved credit or debit card to make the purchase or if we have an arrangement with your FSA administrator to provide electronic substantiation on your behalf ) , we share with your FSA administrator a list of the FSA-eligible products you purchased , together with such account , transaction , and payment information as may be requested by your FSA administrator for the purpose of substantiating and tracking your purchase .
We do not share with your FSA administrator information about non-FSA items you purchase .
Brand Manufacturers - We may develop programs with some of our brand manufacturers through which you may be offered special discounts or coupons on products in exchange for providing your e-mail address or completing a survey about the manufacturer 's products .
When you are offered such discounts or coupons in exchange for providing information ( for example , giving your e-mail address or completing a survey ) , you will be notified that if you choose to participate , your name , e-mail address and responses will be shared with the brand manufacturer .
We will share no other information .
Brand Partnerships - We may partner with outside brands or vendors to fulfill orders placed through their websites .
We may share your name and e-mail address with these outside vendors or brands that refer you to drugstore.com to complete your order .
Business Transfers - We may buy or sell stores or assets .
In such transactions , customer information is usually treated as one of the transferred business assets .
Should drugstore.com , inc. , or substantially all of its assets be sold , customer information will be one of the transferred business assets .
In that event , we will post a notification on this page or send you an e-mail so that you are always aware of how we are using your information .
Compliance with Law ; Protection of Rights , Property , or Safety - We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , and/or legal process served on us ; and/or to protect our rights and the rights of our customers ; or to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other policies or user agreements .
As You Direct - If you direct us to , we will release other personally identifiable information to your authorized representative , specified marketing partners , or such other person as you may direct .
At the direction of the customer and to the extent specifically authorized by law , we will release such information to other persons , including specified marketing partners .
From time to time , we may partner with certain companies who , in conjunction with membership programs , subscription services , or rewards programs , require that we disclose purchase or other personal information about their members who visit our website ( for example , to earn points for purchases made on our site through links from the partner site ) .
We will disclose only the information required to make these programs work for you and support your membership in them .
In addition , we disclose this information to such companies only if you have consented first , including consent implied by your agreement to the membership or participation rules .
If you do not want us to disclose that information to the strategic partner , then you must contact the partner directly .
We may enter into agreements and may share your personal information with other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
These functions may include analyzing data ; providing marketing assistance ; processing credit card or debit card payments ; fulfilling and delivering orders and providing customer service .
Additionally , third party providers send promotional e-mails on our behalf to such companies ' customers or present advertisements on our behalf , a function called behavioral targeted advertising .
These providers may use cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies ( i ) to present advertisements tailored to interests you have shown while browsing , ( ii ) to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before so as to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and ( iii ) to understand the patterns of people who see advertisements .
In doing so , the provider collects non-personal data such as your browser type , operating system , websites you have visited , the time of the visits , the content you viewed , ads you viewed , and similar information .
The provider may connect information about your visit on our website with information about your visit on other sites and tailor your advertisements based on this combined information .
The companies and individuals with which we work have access only to information necessary to perform their functions .
They are not allowed to use the information for any other purpose and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information .
We may share non-personal , summary , or aggregate customer data with partners and other third parties .
Some third party providers may not be bound by this privacy policy .
Their use of third party cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies by these ad network providers may be governed by their own policy .
Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
When you place an order online , your personal information and credit card or debit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet .
We use SSL technology to prevent your information from being stolen or intercepted while being transferred to us and once we have received it .
Your credit card information is always stored in encrypted form in a restricted-access database that is away from our website database so it is not connected to the Internet , to keep it safe from hackers .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or electronic storage is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
To personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience , we use a feature of your Internet browser called a cookie .
Cookies are small files that your browser places on your computer 's hard drive .
Although we do not store personal information in cookies , we do tie cookies to a customer member ID which is then used to pull personal information out of the database for identification purposes .
Cookies also let us know how you found us ( e.g. , through a particular website or advertisement ) .
Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server .
This information can be accessed only when you enter your name and password .
If you choose to configure your browser to remove or reject our cookies , you will not be able to make purchases from our websites or take advantage of many of our features , such as Your List .
From time to time we contract with third party companies to help us better provide relevant products , services and information to you and to help us effectively measure advertising effectiveness .
Some of these companies use cookies and/or web beacons ( also known as action tags or single pixel gifs ) .
A web beacon is a transparent image that has been placed on a web page and sends a signal when a user has visited that page .
A web beacon does not contain any personal information .
No information that is personally identifiable to you is transmitted to the third party using the web beacon .
The third party is required to protect the privacy of the information it receives using web beacons or cookies and is not allowed to use the information it receives for any purpose beyond what is necessary to assist us .
In addition , we may use web beacons in connection with the e-mails we send to our customers , to determine whether and when the images in our e-mail were rendered ( which allows us to determine whether the e-mail was opened ) .
This information may then be aggregated and used to assess the effectiveness of our e-mail communications .
Unsolicited E-mail ( SPAM )
Your privacy is very important to us .
Be assured that , in accordance with this privacy policy , we do not sell or distribute our customer list to third parties .
You should be aware , however , that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes `` harvest '' your e-mail address directly from your computer or another person 's address book or even obtain your e-mail address through programs that automatically search web pages and e-mail traffic for e-mail addresses .
If you opt out of receiving e-mail advertisements from drugstore.com , we may share that information with third parties in order to instruct them not to send advertisements on our behalf to you .
If drugstore.com shares opt out information with a third party , we will direct such third party to use this information solely to eliminate potential recipients from any e-mails they send out on our behalf .
Please note that all e-mail that originates from us will either display the drugstore.com or Beauty.com logo ( HTML e-mails ) or contain our copyright notice ( text e-mails ) .
In addition , our e-mails will contain our corporate address in Bellevue , Washington .
We do not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Our websites may contain links to and from other sites operated and maintained by separate companies .
We have no responsibility for linked websites ( including the websites of participants in our associate program ) and provide these links solely for the convenience of and to provide information to our visitors .
The privacy policies of these sites may differ from our policy , so you should always review the privacy statement of each linked website you visit .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and e-mail address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the site .
We do not store this information .
Social Media ( Features ) and Widgets
Our website includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , and the page addresses you visit on our site , and may use a cookie to enable the Features to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them .
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
We will respond to your access request within 30 days .
As long as your account is active , we will retain your information for the purpose of providing you with our services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
By using our website ( including use of our customer service line ) , you consent to the collection , use , and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy .
We reserve the right to modify or amend this policy at any time .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by e-mail , or by means of a notice on our homepage so that you are always aware of the information that we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Unless we clearly state otherwise , the changes to our privacy policy will affect only the information we collect after the effective date of the change .
We welcome your feedback .
drugstore.com , inc .
411 108th Ave NE , Suite 1600
Bellevue , WA 98004
1-800-drugstore ( 1-800-378-4786 )
Last updated : April 11 , 2013
Copyright 2013 drugstore.com , inc .
All rights reserved .

This privacy policy was last updated October 12 , 2011 .
You can also contact us via regular mail at : Weil Lifestyle , LLC , PO Box 24762 , Tempe , AZ 85285 .
Notification by our Websites
The Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites have agreed to notify each user of the following :
What personal information of yours or a third party is collected from you by the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites
The name of the organization collecting such information .
How the information is or may be used .
With whom the information may be shared .
What choices are available to you regarding the collection , use and distribution of such information .
The security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of the information which is under the control of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites .
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
Information Collection and Use
When you use any of the Websites , some basic , general information is collected .
This general information is used internally in connection with our business to improve the Websites , including our marketing and advertising efforts , and to make your use of the Websites as enjoyable and efficient as possible .
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
When you set up an account on our Websites or purchase an item from our Websites , we collect personal information provided by you voluntarily that may include your : ( i ) first and last name ; ( ii ) billing address ; ( iii ) shipping address ; ( iv ) other shipping addresses ; ( v ) email address ; ( vi ) phone number ; ( vii ) credit card account number ; ( viii ) items purchased from us .
We use this personal information in order to provide you with the content , subscriptions , goods and services that you request or purchase on our Websites .
We use your email address to provide you with information about your order and its status and we may occasionally send out emails , including newsletters , to people who have placed an order on-line , with information about other goods and services available on our Websites .
Your phone number may be used by us in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you about an order you have placed or to contact you regarding customer offers or information you have requested or we need to provide to you .
Information We Automatically Collect Through Your Use of the Websites
As you use the Websites and services , certain information may also be passively collected .
Through cookies , pixels , beacons , log files and other technologies , we may collect information about how you use the Websites and services .
By knowing about you , we can deliver more helpful information , programs , tools and advertisements .
Please see the Third Party Advertising on Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Targeted Advertising sections below for more information .
How We Use Your Information
Weil Lifestyle , LLC , owns and operates the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites and we are the sole owner of this information collected on them .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to a third party in any way other than as disclosed in this privacy policy without your opt-in agreement .
We may share this information to a 3rd party or vendor in ways disclosed in this privacy policy .
We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities and may , in our sole discretion , disclose personal information or other information to satisfy any law , regulation , subpoena , or government request .
We reserve the right to release personal information or other information about users who we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in violation of our Terms of Service , even without a subpoena , warrant or court order , if we believe , in our sole discretion , that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate our Websites or to protect the rights or property of Weil Lifestyle , LLC , our affiliates , or our officers , directors , employees , agents , third-party content providers , suppliers , sponsors , or licensors .
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities we reasonably believe in our sole discretion to be unlawful .
If we are legally compelled to disclose information about you to a third party , we will attempt to notify you by sending an email to the email address in our records unless doing so would violate the law or unless you have not provided your email address to us .
To use some features on the Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites , a user must first complete a registration form on the Website .
During registration , a user is required to give contact information , such as name and email address .
This information is used to contact users about the services on our Websites for which they have indicated interest .
When completing the initial Vitamin Advisor questionnaire , we ask general questions about your lifestyle , family history , medical history , and current medications .
This information is used to develop a personalized supplement program recommendation for you .
There is no cost to you and you may use this recommendation as you choose .
While our goal is to provide you with our CustomPak Product , you have no obligation to purchase products from us .
We provide the Vitamin Advisor free of charge .
The information is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for any information contained on or in any product label or packaging .
You should not use the information from any Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites for diagnosing or treating any health problem or disease , or prescribing any medication or other treatment .
A cookie is a text file stored on the user 's hard drive containing information about the user .
Websites create cookies to record information about a user 's preferences , such as the items you add to your shopping cart , and for security purposes ( see Security below ) .
Cookies are also used to help us determine the various services you use and the support you may need , and to help us detect and solve any problems you may have while using our Websites .
In addition , the use of a cookie on our Websites will enable users to log on without having to reenter their password on each visit and to fully participate in our Community discussions .
Most cookies expire after a certain time period .
If you wish , you may set your browser to reject all cookies and still view our Websites .
Cookies placed by Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites are not tied to any personally identifiable information .
Also , in the course of serving advertisements to our Websites , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
Third Party Advertising on Weil Lifestyle , LLC
Banner advertisements appearing on these Websites are delivered to you by third-party ad-servers ( AdJuggler , DART ) .
Information about your visits to these Websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC , Websites third party vendors may use cookies to understand Web usage patterns of users who see advertisements on the Websites , to control the sequence of advertisements you see , to make sure you do n't see the same advertisement too many times , to determine your interests and to target advertisements and promotions based on those interests .
These third party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on our Websites with information about pages you visit on other Websites and show you advertising based on this combined information .
The advertisement may appear when you are visiting a different section of the Websites , another sSite or any other website on the internet if the website also has a relationship with our vendor .
Information Collected by Third Party Advertisers
Advertisers on the Websites may also engage in Behavioral Advertising and use cookies and web beacons in the manner described above .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons or what they do with the information they collect .
Many third party vendors that engage in Behavioral Advertising participate in the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and abide by NAI principles , which prohibit members from connecting Personal Information to information they collect through cookies without your explicit consent .
If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions .
After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites display retargeted ads to our site prospects , on our behalf , across the Internet by the use of the services of advertising partners who collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Websites , and your interaction with our products and services .
The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag which is industry standard technology used by most major Websites .
No personally identifiable information is collected during this process .
If you do not want the advertising partners of Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites to collect this information , you may opt out of their services .
Opting out will not affect your use of the Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites .
If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI members or learn more about the NAI , please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and follow the instructions .
After you opt-out , you will still see advertisements from NAI members , but the advertising will not be tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns .
Disclosure of Information to Third Party Advertisers and Partners
We know how important it is to keep the information you 've entrusted to us confidential .
We will not rent , sell or share your personal information with third parties except as specifically approved or under the circumstances described below .
If you do not want us to use or disclose personal information collected about you in the ways identified in this policy , you should not use the Websites or services .
A . Disclosure for Legal Reasons
We may disclose and release your personal information to third parties : ( a ) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( b ) in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others , a threat to homeland security , a threat to our system or network , or cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate or prevent harm , fraud , abuse , illegal conduct or a violation or alleged violation of this policy or other agreement we may have with you .
B . Disclosure for Shipping and Billing Reasons
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders placed on our Websites , and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services purchased on our Websites .
These companies will not retain , share , store or use any of our user 's personal information for any secondary purposes .
We partner with other parties to provide specific services that are available on our Websites .
When a user signs up for these services , we will share the user 's name or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services to the use .
These parties are not allowed to use such personal information except for the purpose of providing these services .
Like most standard Websites , we use log files on our servers .
These log files store information regarding IP ( internet protocol ) addresses , browser type , ISP ( internet service provider ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks .
These log files are used to analyze trends , administer the Websites , track user 's movements in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for our use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personal information .
Below are some examples of our co-branded relationships .
When accessing certain areas of the Websites , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of these Websites , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner Website .
You may reference their privacy policy in these areas .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Drugstore.com for the fulfillment and shipment of orders placed through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor and Dr. Weil on Healthy Aging .
Drugstore.com and Weil Lifestyle do share personally identifiable information to fulfill and ship orders only for those customers who have purchased through the Dr. Weil Vitamin Advisor .
Drugstore.com does not use this personal information for their own purposes .
They only use it as needed to provide this service to our customers .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Everyday Health , Inc. for the `` My Optimum Health Plan '' offered to our users as a premium membership product and available for purchase from Everyday Health , Inc .
Everyday Health , Inc. and Weil Lifestyle , LLC do share personally identifiable information to provide this premium service only to those members who have purchased the product .
However , Everyday Health , Inc. does not use this personal information for their own purposes .
They only use it as needed to provide this service to our members .
Weil Lifestyle partners with Juvenon for the Weil Juvenon supplement product .
When accessing the Weil Juvenon purchase page , please be aware that even though the pages may have the same look and feel of this Website , you are actually entering your personal information on the co-branded partner website .
You may reference their privacy policy in these areas .
Weil Juvenon partners with the Yahoo , Inc Small Business e-commerce platform to operate the online shopping cart which sells Weil Juvenon .
Some Licensees in the marketplace partner with Amazon or their own shopping cart engine to sell their products .
Please be aware that the puzzle pages have the same look and feel of this Website , however , you are actually on the UClick site and no personally identifiable information is required or passed to UClick .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC partners with Amazon.com and Sounds True , Inc to sell books , CD 's , tapes and Weil branded retail vitamins .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC does not pass or share any personal information with Amazon.com or Sounds True , Inc .
Amazon.com and Sounds True , Inc may share aggregate purchase information with Weil Lifestyle , LLC for the purpose of determining revenue share .
Web Analytics Services & Tracking
Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites use third-party tracking and analytics services Google Analytics and RTmetrics by AuriQ Systems , Inc ( `` Analytics Service Providers '' ) .
The information collected about your use of the Websites ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by the Analytics Service Providers on servers in the United States .
The Analytics Service Providers use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
The Analytics Service Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on the Analytics Service Provider 's behalf .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website .
By using Weil Lifestyle , LLC and Websites , you consent to the processing of data about you by our Analytics Service Providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
The Websites contain links to other Websites .
We want you to be aware that when you click on such links , including banner advertising , which take you to a third-party or Licensee Website , you will be subject to such third-party 's or Licensee privacy policies .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites and we expressly disclaim any and all liability for the actions of third parties or Licensees , including , without limitation , actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of personal information by such third parties or Licensees .
We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our Websites and enter a third-party Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects their personal information .
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our Websites .
Weil Lifestyle , LLC uses an internal email management system as well as a third-party Email Service Provider ( Lyris , Inc. ) .
If a user wishes to subscribe to one of our e-bulletins , either Dr. Weil 's Daily Tip , Weekly Wellness Bulletin , weekend editions , special interest editions or any others that we offer , we will ask for contact information , such as name and email address .
Send to a Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about a part of our Websites , a form asks for the friend 's name and email address .
The form will automatically send the information to the friend via email .
We may store this information for tracking and reporting purposes , and we will use the form only to send this one-time referral email .
User Generated Content : Feedback , Ratings , Comments , Public Forums and `` Ask Dr. Weil ''
In order to post a message , comment , rate or to use the `` Ask Dr. Weil '' feature on our Websites , you will be asked to sign in with your member login information .
We do not use this information in any way other than to recognize you for postings nor do we disclose this information to any third parties .
With regard to the message boards , your email address is not visible on the boards , however other users are able to send you email via your nickname without your email address being displayed .
Weil Lifestyle does not share this information with any third parties unless required by authorized law enforcement agencies when required .
If you do not wish your name used , our editor 's can , at their discretion , omit this information from the posted Q & A if you elect to remain anonymous and so request in the body of your submitted question .
Do remember that whatever you post on the message boards or write as part of the `` Ask Dr. Weil '' feature , it is considered public knowledge and you should always use caution when posting .
Avoid posting your home address or phone number on any public board or chat .
Although one must be a registered user to post messages the message boards are public and may be read by non-registered users .
Weil Lifestyle reserves the right to re-publish your postings from the message boards in any format .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
From time-to-time , our Websites requests information from our users via surveys or contests .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to provide us with such information .
Information requested may include contact information , such as name and shipping address , and demographic information , such as zip code , age level .
It may also be shared with other third parties as disclosed at the time of collection or in the promotion rules .
These third parties may include a provider of prizes in order to update you of your status of you prize or other fulfillment needs or a co-sponsor who may use your Personal Information to administer the promotion or for marketing purposes , but only in conformance with their privacy policy as made available to you at the time of collection .
If data will be disclosed or shared in this manner , we will include a notice at the time of collection of such information .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
Survey information will be used to monitor or improve the use and efficiency of these Websites .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Communications from our Websites
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify their password and user name .
Established members will occasionally receive information on products , services , special deals , and the e-bulletins .
Each user has the option to not receive these types of communications ( see Choice/Opt-Out below ) .
Occasionally , it is necessary to send out service-related announcements .
For instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email informing you of such service interruption .
Generally , users may not opt-out of receiving these service-related communications .
In addition , we communicate with our users on a regular basis to provide requested services and regarding issues relating to their account via email .
If a user 's personal information changes or if a user no longer desires our service , we will enable our users to correct , update or remove from our Websites the personal data they provided to us .
Our users are given the opportunity when registering with our Websites to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the provision of goods or services through our Websites and for each Web newsletter , publication or special edition .
Our membership form has an opt-out mechanism so , users purchasing a product , newsletter or membership from us may elect to not have their email address added to our marketing and promotional address lists .
Users of our Websites will be notified if , in connection with the use of a particular service on our Websites , their information will be collected by any outside third-party .
At such time , the user can determine whether they wish to proceed with a service that will involve an outside party having access to their information .
Collecting Information from Children Younger Than 13 Years of Age
The Websites are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age , you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Websites or through the services .
If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age , we will take steps to remove that user 's Personal Information from our systems .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Notification of Changes in Use of Information
Our privacy policy is subject to change .
In the event of any change , we will provide notice of such change on our Websites .
If we want to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated to you at the time you provided such information to us , we will notify you of such change by posting notification of such change on our Websites .
At such time , you can determine whether you wish to allow us to use your information in this different manner .
If you have opted out of all communication with our Websites or have deleted or deactivated your account with us , then you will not be contacted and your personal information will not be used .

dslreports.com and your privacy
dslreports.com [ referred to herein as DSLR ] detail our policy on collecting and using personal information .
DSLR 's policy on our wholly controlled and operated Internet site is to respect and protect the privacy of our users .
DSLR does not disclose rent or sell your email address or any other information we may receive to any third party - unless you specifically request this..
In registration , DSLR requires an email address .
all other details are optional .
At any time , you may remove your records ( but not your past contributions in the form of forum posts , ISP reviews or other data ) from our user database , and receive confirmation by email that your identifying data has been erased from our production systems .
Please note that contributions you make to the site ( postings , reviews , news , and other writings ) , under our terms of use policy , are ours to use ( delete , republish , modify ) as we like .
In case where these contributions are provided to third parties , aggregated or published , information sufficient to identify the original author will be removed , OR your permission to keep the identification with the material will be sought via an email to your registered user address..
In the case that your email address is not answered , or no longer valid , we consider any notification obligation we have relating to use of the material is discharged .
Upon your first login to DSLR , We send a `` cookie '' to your browser .
It can also store personal preferences and user data .
A cookie tells us that you previously logged in sucessfully , and therefore gains you access to the site .
Google analytics is also used for data aggregation of visitor page requests .
DSLR uses a cookie to identify you with your registration details , and to track user trends and patterns .
Ads are served by google adsense .
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time .
If the change involves a reduction in privacy protection of any kind , a notice will be posted to our site help forum explaining the change .
Since the inception of DSLR and the first version of the privacy policy , no such change has been made .

By using , accessing or participating in the Service , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) .
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time .
If we do this , we will post a notice that we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7 days after the changes are posted and will indicate at the bottom of the Privacy Policy the date these terms were last revised .
Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will become effective the earlier of ( i ) the end of the foregoing 7-day period or ( ii ) the first time you access or use the Service after any such changes .
If you do not agree to abide by this Privacy Policy , you are not authorized to use , access or participate in the Service .
When you use the Service you provide us with two types of information : ( i ) information you submit via the Service and ( ii ) information regarding your use of the Service collected by us as you interact with the Service .
When you enter the Website , we collect your browser type and IP address .
This information is gathered for all Website visitors .
In addition , we store certain information from your browser using `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature ; however , you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features ( e.g. , customized delivery of information ) available on the Website .
Through the registration process you may provide us with your name , email address , hometown , and other information that may be requested during the registration process .
When you use the Service you may submit information and content to your profile , generate Activity Data through engaging in educational activities on the Service , or send messages and otherwise transmit information to other users .
We store this information so that we can provide you the Service and offer personalized features .
Use of Information Obtained by Duolingo
We may use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Duolingo and its partners that we think you may find valuable .
Duolingo may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Service .
Generally , you may opt out of such emails , although Duolingo reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications .
Profile information is used by Duolingo primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service and to be presented to other users .
In some cases , other users may be able to supplement your profile , including by submitting comments .
Duolingo may use aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service , including Activity Data , for any purpose .
This data may be used by Duolingo and shared with third parties in any manner .
Sharing Your Personally-Identifiable Information with Third Parties
Duolingo shares your personally-identifiable information only in limited circumstances where Duolingo believes such sharing is reasonably necessary to offer the Service , legally required or , permitted by you .
We may provide personally-identifiable information to service providers who help us bring you the Service , such as hosting the Service at a co-location facility or sending email updates .
In connection with these operations , our service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information for use for a limited time .
Where we utilize service providers for the processing of any of personally-identifiable information , we implement reasonable contractual protections limiting the use of that personally-identifiable information to the provision of services to Duolingo .
We may be required to disclose personally-identifiable information pursuant to lawful requests , such as subpoenas or court orders , or in compliance with applicable laws .
Additionally , we may share account or other personally-identifiable information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law , to protect our interests or property , to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Duolingo name , or to prevent imminent harm .
This may include sharing personally-identifiable information with other companies , lawyers , agents or government agencies .
If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Duolingo business , or individual business units or assets owned by Duolingo that are related to the Service , were to change , your personally-identifiable information may be transferred to the new owner .
In any such transfer of information , your personally-identifiable information would remain subject to this section .
The Service may contain links to other websites .
We are of not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites .
We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Duolingo via the Service .
Last revised on April 20th , 2012

EU urges Google to fix privacy policy
European Union data protection authorities have found Internet giant Google 's privacy policy is not in line with EU laws .
It has urged the US company to modify its rules and make data pooling more transparent .
Google 's search engine under magnifying glass
The data protection authorities in all 27 European Union member states sent a joint letter to Google on Tuesday , demanding an overhaul of the US Internet company 's current privacy policy .
Google 's new standards which were enacted in March have involved pooling user data from all its services , including Gmail , YouTube , Android mobile systems and the company 's Internet search engine .
Google itself said the move aimed to improve user satisfaction .
But France 's National Commission of Information Technology and Liberty ( CNIL ) which led the EU probe into Google claimed that the new rules did not include any limits on the extent of data collection and their commercial use .
`` As a result , a Google user is unable to determine which categories of data are processed in the service he or she uses , and for which purpose these data are processed , '' CNIL said in a statement .
According to EU regulators , Google had also failed to say how long it intended to keep user data .
They recommended the US firm give users an opt-out on having their data pooled which would go a long way towards bringing Google 's policies in line with EU norms .
`` Google has a few months to comply , '' regulators said .
`` If it takes no action , we will enter a phase of litigation . ''
In a first reaction to the allegations , Google on Tuesday rejected all accusations by EU data protection agencies .
`` Our new privacy policy shows our continued commitment to protecting our users ' data and creating quality products , '' the company said in a statement .
`` We are confident that our policies respect European law . ''
hg/cg ( AFP , dpa )

Dynamic Drive- Privacy Statement
Dynamic Drive greatly respects your privacy .
Below outlines what information is gathered from our visitors , and how they are used :
Dynamic Drive makes use of cookies to help in the rotation of advertisements located on the top of it 's pages .
Cookies are needed to prevent the displaying of the same ad to an individual multiple times .
The email addresses collected as a result of a user subscribing to the Dynamic Drive newsletter will only be used for it 's intended purpose of delivering the newsletter to the subscriber .
Under no circumstances will Dynamic Drive ever resell , redistribute , or allow third party access to the email list .
From time to time , Dynamic Drive will run contests/ sweepstakes .
The winner ( s ) may be asked to supply Dynamic Drive with his/her mailing address .
This information will only be used to deliver the prizes to the winner ( s ) , and will NOT be used for any other purpose .
Dynamic Drive has access to it 's log files , which reveal general information about the make of its ' visitors ( browser type , OS , referrer agent etc ) .
This information is used to help Dynamic Drive improve it 's site design to best match the needs of the visitors .
Dynamic Drive holds polls or surveys on it 's site from time to time .
By voting you are not disclosing any other information other then the answer to the question the poll asks .
A vote can not be traced to a specific individual , and hence your identity remains anonymous .
This information may be used to provide advertisers with demographic information .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .

ELECTRONIC ARTS PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Effective Date : June 28 , 2013
By registering for an Origin Account ( formerly known as an EA Account ) ( `` Account '' ) , using this site and/or any of EA 's online or mobile products and services , you agree to EA 's Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the USA .
By registering , you agree that EA may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EA 's Terms of Service .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EA SITE , ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE .
If we change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child 's information , we will notify you or the parent/guardian here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect .
Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy .
I. EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction
EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified
What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ?
What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It ?
Information Provided to EA By Third Parties .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects ?
Where Is The Information Held ?
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information ?
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
X . A Special Note About Children
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s )
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration
EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy : Introduction
EA and its subsidiary companies know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
We respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you .
We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites , during your use of our online products and/or services ( including online game play ) and on mobile platforms .
This policy does not cover information provided online in response to job postings .
If you reside in the United States , Canada or Japan , these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Inc .
If you reside in any other country , then these terms are an agreement between you and Electronic Arts Swiss Srl .
This policy also applies to TRUSTe certified EA Websites .
In addition , EA owns several other domain names that point to the websites referenced above .
We may also add new sites that are subject to this privacy policy and that list will be updated to include those .
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by EA , and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link .
EA complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
EA has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
EA 's Site Is TRUSTe Certified
EA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Privacy Program Requirements available at truste.com including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
What Is Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It
EA collects both personal and non-personal consumer information .
Personal information collected by EA is discussed below in this section .
Non-personal information is discussed below in Section IV .
Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone , to contact you on-line or off-line .
EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during :
- Contest registration and prize acceptance ;
- Warranty registration and requests ;
- Customer support and/or technical service requests ;
- Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions ;
- Registration for games and/or special game-specific events ;
- Newsletter subscriptions , referral services , and other marketing surveys and email campaigns ;
- Registration for Origin and/or other service accounts ;
- Creation of a personal profile ;
- Product , service and/or subscription orders ;
- Service requests from third party service providers on our site ;
- Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services ; and
- Otherwise through use of our software , mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name , email address , phone number , home address , birth date , mobile phone number and credit card information .
Visitors to EA Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier , model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone .
In that context , your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose .
Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes , and will be used only for prize fulfillment .
What Is Non-Personal Information And When Does EA Collect It
Non-personal information , alone , can not be used to identify or contact you .
EA collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage ( on PC , mobile and game system platforms ) .
We will retain your information for as long as your Origin Account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your Origin Account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information .
What Types of Non-Personal Information Does EA Collect ?
When you use EA online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information for purposes including improving our products and services , troubleshooting bugs , providing services to you , facilitating the provision of software updates , dynamically served content and product support as well as communicating with you .
The non-personal information collected may include demographic information including gender , age , zip code , information about your computer , hardware , software , platform , game system , media , mobile device , including unique device IDs or other device identifiers , incident data , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , network Media Access Control ( MAC ) address and connection .
We also collect other non-personal information such as username , user ID or persona , feature usage , game play statistics , scores and achievements , user rankings , time spent playing our games , and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys , via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases , for instance .
We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
How Does EA Collect Non-Personal Information ?
EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases , game registration and marketing surveys , for instance .
In addition , we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information , personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below .
We may also derive from the information collected other facts , such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address .
Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites .
We may link cookie information to personal information .
Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store , pages you have viewed , or games you have played .
This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly , for example .
Also , we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage .
We and third parties collect information on what games are played , how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked .
Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads .
These ads contain cookies .
Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies , and EA does not have access to this information .
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so .
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer , or limit the type of cookies you allow .
For more information concerning how to disable your cookies , please visit help.ea.com .
We and other third parties may also use flash cookies , also known as `` local shared objects , '' on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games , as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Clear GIFs And Tracking Pixels
Clear GIFs ( a.k.a . web bugs , beacons or tags ) are small graphic images placed on a web page , web-based document , or in an email message .
Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the web page , document or email message .
We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you .
However , we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages , features or other elements on a web page .
We correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages .
We and third parties may also use tracking pixels , which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation .
EA and other third parties also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses .
An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
In general , we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites , to troubleshoot technical problems and authenticate users ' entitlements to our products .
In the event of user abuse of our websites , however , we may block certain IP addresses or game system IDs provided by our licensed hardware manufacturers .
If available , IP addresses and game system IDs may be used in order to enforce our Terms of Service .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies
EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC , game system and/or mobile device .
These tools and technologies use server log files , web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information , including cookies , IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , mobile or other hardware device ID or other device identifiers , browser types , browser language , information passed from your browser ( if any ) , referring and exit pages , and URLs , platform type , click information , information about your media , peripheral hardware , software and/or applications installed on your machine and/or device , domain names and types , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , advertising conversion rates , the date and amount of time spent on particular pages , other Internet and website usage information , game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games , information about how your game is used , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage and purchase history , as well as unique hardware identifiers such as MAC Address , mobile unique device ID ( if applicable ) and other similar information .
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our sites and in the context of our online and mobile products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
Some EA websites and services use Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses `` Cookies '' , text files that are stored on your PC and that enables the analysis of your usage of this website .
The information about your usage of websites , collected through these cookies , will be transmitted to and stored on Google server based in the US .
On behalf of EA , Google will use this information in order to evaluate your usage of this websites , to make reports on website activities and/or to provide the website operator with other services related to this websites .
Your IP-address collected by Google Analytics will not be matched up with other data of Google .
You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings .
Please note that if you disable cookies , it is possible that you may not use all functionalities of EA 's websites .
A non-exclusive list of the other analytics companies that operate their own technologies on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
EA 's websites , online or mobile products or services may employ proprietary or third party ad serving technologies that use cookies , clear GIFs , web beacons , tracking pixels or other technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our products or services as well as to help track results .
Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your game , web browser or mobile device and replaced while you are online .
We or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the site , online or mobile product or service and to calculate or control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad , and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
We or third parties may collect data for this purpose including IP address ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) , device ID 's , information about your software , applications and hardware , browser information ( and/or information passed via your browser ) , hardware , machine or device make and model , advertisement ( s ) served , in game location , length of time an advertisement was visible , other Internet and website usage information , web pages and mobile internet sites which have been viewed by you ( as well as date and time ) , domain type , size of the advertisement , advertisement response ( if any ) , and angle of view .
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology .
The advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected or obtained from EA with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your web browser 's activities across their network of websites .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
A non-exclusive list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks on our sites and online and/or mobile products and/or services can be found at privacyappendix.ea.com .
For more information about targeted advertising within our mobile products or to opt out , see the appendix to this policy at privacyappendix.ea.com .
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our sites , online or mobile products and services ; if you do not want to use this technology , do not play .
Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies
EA strives to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games .
To prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player , EA is authorized to use `` anti-cheating '' software , or applications for the prevention of fraud for our internet presence , during the use of our online products and/or services ( including online games ) , and mobile platforms .
At login to EA online products and/or services , during the setup of an Origin account , and/or at the point of sale , EA may collect data about your device in order to create a hash of machine components .
Information collected for this purpose shall not be stored in retrievable form .
EA uses the collected information for the prevention of fraud , and for authentication purposes .
EA may consolidate the machine hash created for this purpose with your Origin account ; data consolidated this way will not be shared with any other third party , and will be used exclusively for security , fraud prevention and authentication purposes by EA .
Information Provided to EA By Third Parties
EA also obtains personal and non-personal information from third parties as discussed below .
EA only uses this data for purposes consistent with this policy .
PlayStation3 computer entertainment system
If you sign up to play EA games through a PlayStation3 computer entertainment system , your Sony Entertainment Network account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your name , email address , online ID , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
If you sign up to play EA games through Microsoft 's Xbox Live Service , Microsoft will provide your Xbox Live user account information to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's Xbox Live titles .
By signing up to play EA 's Xbox Live titles , you agree that Microsoft can transfer your user account information to EA .
Information transferred from Microsoft to EA includes your Gamertag , email address , state or province , country , language and age but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
If you sign up to play EA games through a Nintendo Wii U console , your Nintendo account information will be provided to EA so that we can establish an Origin Account for you .
You need an Origin Account to play EA 's titles online .
By signing up to play EA 's titles , you agree that limited user account information can be transferred to EA .
Information transferred to EA includes your Mii information , email address , Nintendo Network ID , friend list , country , language and date of birth but does not include credit card number or other financial account information .
Other Information Collected From Third Parties
EA may also receive other information from third parties , including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you .
Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission .
By playing an EA game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network , platform or service via one of our products and/or services , you are authorizing EA to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to EA through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface ( API ) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform .
Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network , platform or service via our products and/or services , and/or when you connect with , `` accept '' or `` allow '' ( or similar terms ) one of our applications through a social network , or other third party platform or service .
EA may also collect or receive information about you from other EA users who choose to upload their email and other contacts .
This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect .
EA may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you .
What Happens To The Information EA Collects
How EA Uses Your Information
EA uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later opt out of such communications sent via email .
Otherwise , EA uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better enhance your user experience , improve our products and services , understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve advertising , for authentication purposes , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , for purposes including providing excellent customer service , administering loyalty programs and tailoring our communications , offerings , web pages or game play experience to you .
By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook , Game Center or other third party services in our online and mobile products and services , you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Origin Account ( and related gaming entitlements , including games played on PC , mobile and console platforms ) with your social networking profile and/or email address .
Your resulting friends ' list , which may be accessible across EA social platforms as available , will be subject to this privacy policy .
Note that the friends that you choose to include on any EA or Origin friends ' list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different EA products and services , and see the profiles you have established .
Those friends may also be able to see the gamertags that you use across EA 's suite of products and services .
Choose your friends carefully .
If you choose to use our referral service to `` Tell a Friend '' about an EA product or site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product .
EA stores your friend 's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking , to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message .
We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings and achievements ) generated through your participation .
B . Will EA Share My Information With Third Parties ?
EA will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent .
We may , however , share non-personally identifiable , aggregated and/or public information with third parties .
There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own .
Please see section XI for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on EA including user generated content , forums , blogs , and profiles .
You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared , please contact that partner or sponsor directly .
EA does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties , or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy , provided however , that in the event of a merger , acquisition , or the unlikely event of bankruptcy , management of EA customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age .
From time to time , EA employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery , product , prize or promotional fulfillment , contest administration , credit card processing , shipping or other services on our sites .
When requesting these services , you may be asked to supply your name , mailing address , telephone number and email address to our contractors .
We ask some third party contractors , such as credit agencies , data analytics or market research firms , to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies , so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors ' needs and preferences .
To enrich our understanding of individual customers , we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us .
When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal , anonymous and/or aggregated data , EA requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent .
You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party .
We may also access and disclose personal information , including personal communications , in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services , to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on EA .
Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy .
See Section XI for more details .
Where Is The Information Held
EA is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which EA collects , stores , and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the United States and The Netherlands .
We may also utilize data storage facilities located in Asia , Canada and/or the European Union .
Your personal information may be transferred to , used , processed or held by EA in the United States and in other countries , including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union and Asia , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy .
How Does EA Protect Your Personal Information
EA understands the importance of keeping your information safe and secure .
EA will make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems .
When you enter sensitive financial information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using commercially reasonable methods .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not guarantee that your information will not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
Review , Correction of Your Information , Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to `` My Account , '' and viewing your `` Basic Information '' or other account settings .
Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account ( s ) deactivated , contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in your country as listed on our site at privacyadmin.ea.com , or if your country is not listed , by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator in the United States .
We will be happy to review , update or remove information as appropriate .
We may still retain your information in our files however , to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security , integrity and operation of our websites .
Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site .
However , in such cases , you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at privacyadmin.ea.com and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request .
If you 've granted EA access to your Facebook account information through an EA or Playfish application , you may request that EA delete your Facebook information by contacting the Privacy Policy Administrator listed at privacyadmin.ea.com and specifying the Facebook application used .
Note that as a result of deleting your data associated with an application on Facebook , you will no longer have access to that application .
A Special Note About Children
Many EA online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children .
When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information , and users identify themselves as under 13 , the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information , or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection , use and sharing of their children 's personal information .
At that time , we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available , how we will use the information and other practices .
We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services .
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use EA 's online or mobile products and services , this may include such general audience communication services as email , instant messaging , and online groups , and your child will be able to communicate with , and disclose personal information to , other users of all ages .
Alternatively , you may also contact the appropriate Privacy Policy Administrator for your country listed at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection , use or disclosure of children 's personal information to which a parent has previously consented , the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent 's additional consent .
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online .
You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely .
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy ( see Section VIII above ) .
If we change how we handle your child 's information , we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy .
Under no circumstances do we condition a child 's participation in an activitylike contestson the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
On certain sites , we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent .
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs And Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to EA sites or games or in our online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user `` profiles '' for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted , public information , may be accessed or recorded by EA employees , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums .
Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity , certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies .
EA has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share .
If you post a video , image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied and/or used by other users without your consent .
We are not responsible for the videos , images or photos that you choose to submit to EA 's site .
Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites .
Our website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
If you click on a link to a third party site , including on an advertisement , you will leave the EA site you are visiting and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as EA .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services .
If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
Products Offered In Partnership With Third Party ( s
Members may register for other services from our site ( s ) .
Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the EA Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address or postal address specified at privacyadmin.ea.com .
If your country is not listed , please contact the United States ' Privacy Policy Administrator or write to Privacy Policy Administrator , Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Pkwy , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
Please note that the TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website , and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website .
For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy , visit privacy.ea.com .
California Residents : Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law , California Residents who have an established business relationship with Electronic Arts Inc .
( EA ) or one of its subsidiaries may choose to opt out of EA disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval .
Dispute Resolution By Binding Arbitration
The purpose of this Section is to provide a streamlined method for resolution of disputes between us if they arise .
As discussed below , if we can not resolve our disputes informally and you are awarded a sum at arbitration greater than EA 's last settlement offer to you ( if any ) , EA will pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5000 over and above your arbitration award .
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY .
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS .
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to your satisfaction by logging into our customer support interface with your Origin Account at help.ea.com .
In the unlikely event that EA can not resolve a concern to your satisfaction ( or if EA can not resolve a concern it has with you after attempting to do so informally ) , then you and EA agree to be bound by the following procedure to resolve any and all disputes between us .
This provision applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law , but expressly excludes residents of Quebec , Russia , Switzerland , the Member States of the European Union , and the Republic of Korea .
By accepting these terms , you and EA expressly waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action .
This agreement is intended to be interpreted broadly .
This Section covers any and all disputes between us ( `` Disputes '' ) , including without limitation :
- claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us , whether based in contract , tort , statute , fraud , misrepresentation or any other legal theory ;
- claims that arose before this Agreement or any prior agreement ( including , but not limited to , claims relating to advertising ) ;
- claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class ; and
- claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement .
The only disputes that are not covered by this Section are the following :
- a claim to enforce or protect , or concerning the validity of , any of your or EA 's ( or any of EA 's licensors ' ) intellectual property rights ;
- a claim related to , or arising from , allegations of theft , piracy , or unauthorized use ;
- In addition , nothing in this Section shall prevent either party from initiating a small claims court action .
References to `` EA , '' `` you , '' and `` us '' include our respective subsidiaries , affiliates , agents , employees , predecessors in interest , successors , and assigns , as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or Software under this or prior Agreements between us .
This arbitration provision evidences a transaction in interstate commerce , and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision .
This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Service .
A . Informal Negotiations/Notice of Dispute .
You and EA agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration .
Such informal negotiations commence upon receipt of written notice from one person to the other ( `` Notice of Dispute '' ) .
Notices of Dispute must : ( a ) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party ; ( b ) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute ; and ( c ) set forth the specific relief sought ( `` Demand '' ) .
EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing address ( if you provided it to us ) or to the email address you provided to us .
You will send your Notice of Dispute to : Electronic Arts Inc. , 209 Redwood Shores Parkway , Redwood City CA 94065 , ATTENTION : Legal Department .
B . Binding Arbitration .
If you and EA are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations within 30 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute , either you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration .
Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other .
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS PROVISION , YOU AND EA ARE FOREGOING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL .
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and , where appropriate , limited by the AAA Consumer Rules .
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive , or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the fees required to initiate an arbitration , then EA will promptly pay all arbitration fees and expenses .
The arbitration may be conducted in person , through the submission of documents , by phone or online .
The arbitrator will make a decision in writing , and shall provide a statement of reasons if requested by either party .
The arbitrator must follow applicable law , and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so .
You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration , to stay proceeding pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
You and EA agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between EA and you individually .
To the full extent permitted by law , ( 1 ) no arbitration shall be joined with any other ; ( 2 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures ; and ( 3 ) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons .
YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY , AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING .
Further , unless both you and EA agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding .
If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable , then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void .
If you are a resident of the United States , arbitration will take place at any reasonable location convenient for you .
For residents outside the United States , arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo , State of California , United States of America , and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court , in order to compel arbitration , to stay proceedings pending arbitration , or to confirm , modify , vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator .
E. Recovery and Attorneys ' Fees .
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA 's last written settlement offer made before written submissions are made to the arbitrator , then EA will :
- Pay you 150 % of your arbitration award , up to $ 5,000 over and above your arbitration award ; and
- Pay your attorney , if any , the amount of attorneys ' fees , and reimburse any expenses ( including expert witness fees and costs ) that you or your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating , preparing , and pursuing your claim in arbitration ( `` the attorney premium '' ) .
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees , expenses , and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator 's ruling on the merits .
The right to attorneys ' fees and expenses discussed above supplements any right to attorneys ' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law , although you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys ' fees or costs .
EA waives any right it may have to seek an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration between us .
F. Limitation on Arbitrator 's Authority .
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party 's individual claim .
G. Changes to This Provision .
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary , we agree that if EA makes any future change to this arbitration provision ( other than a change to the Notice Address ) , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above .
By rejecting any future change , you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision .

easyJet is committed to protecting your privacy , and takes its responsibilities regarding the security of customer information very seriously .
This policy explains how we use customer information and how we protect your privacy .
Use of Customer Information
We require certain information to allow us to process your flight booking .
easyJet collects the details provided by you , together with information we learn about you from your use of our service and your visits to our web site and other sites accessible from them .
We also collect information about the transactions you undertake including details of payment cards used .
We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by us and information you provide when giving us feedback .
We will use your information to provide and personalise our service .
We will also use your contact details to communicate with you .
We may use your information to send you offers and news about easyJet products and services or those of other carefully selected companies which we think may be of interest to you .
We may contact you by post , email , telephone ( including SMS ) or fax for these purposes .
Your confirmation e-mails ( which may include details of flight bookings or other services booked through our websites ) may include marketing material which we may feel will be of interest to you from other third parties .
Your data may be used for the following purposes : accounting , billing and audit , credit or other payment card verification and screening , immigration and customs control , safety , security , health , administrative and legal purposes , statistical and marketing analysis , systems testing , maintenance and development , customer surveys , customer relations and to help us in any future dealings with you , for example by identifying your requirements and preferences .
Once you have registered with easyJet.com , you will be provided with access to a `` Contact Preferences '' page that will allow you to tailor our commercial communications to your preferences .
You can opt-out of receiving e-mail updates at any time by going to My easyJet.com .
If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us , please select your choices by using the opt-out box available on that page .
You will also be able to unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link in any of our email communications .
We like to receive feedback from our customers to help us improve our service .
We may contact you by post , e-mail , telephone or fax to ask your opinions .
Please note there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you for administrative or operational reasons relating , for example , to advise you of alterations to flights .
We may also use and analyse the information that we collect so that we can administer , support , improve and develop our business .
The information that you provide to us will be held in our systems , which are located on our premises or those of an appointed third party .
We may also allow access to your information by other third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you .
It is possible that your data may be processed outside of Europe .
We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site to better meet the needs of visitors to easyJet.com .
This software does not enable us to capture any personally identifying information .
Security to protect your information and data retention
When you book a flight or enter personally identifying information , your details are transmitted across the internet securely using high-grade encryption ( 128 bit ) .
Furthermore , as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998 , we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us , to prevent unauthorised access .
Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you .
In the circumstances set out in this policy where easyJet passes your information to a third party , we will ensure that the security measures that such party has in place in relation to the processing of your data are at least as stringent as those employed by easyJet .
This does not apply where we are required by law to pass your information to a third party .
We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
They enable easyJet to provide features such as remembering aspects of your last flight search to make subsequent searches faster .
Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive if you wish .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can change your browser settings to prevent that .
Even without a cookie you can use most of the features on the web site .
Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information .
Cookies are also used in email messages you have agreed to receive and at our website to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site .
If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our offers and marketing strategy , you can opt-out of this email cookie .
If you click on a link in the e-mail , we may set a cookie on your browser .
If you visit easyJet.com as a result of clicking on a link , we are able to understand how you interact with the pages of our website through the combination of the cookie and pixels set on the pages of our website .
This enables us to understand what interested you in our emails and what did not , and what interests you about our website and what does not .
We can then try to send you more interesting information in the future .
Please note that this information is for our use only we do not disclose or share this information with any third parties .
If you do not wish this to happen , you can change the cookie settings in your browser .
In order to understand how our customers interact with the emails and the content that we send , we use pixels in the email in order to understand who has opened the message .
In order to provide our content in the most interesting way , we may also use pixels to learn whether you can receive emails in text or html form .
Disclosure to third parties
Your information may be passed to and used by easyJet Airline Company Limited and easyJet plc .
We may pass on your information to Hotelopia S.L.U . a legally constituted Spanish company , which operates as a wholesale-retail travel agency .
Hotelopia , S.L.U . is based in Palma de Mallorca 07006 ( Spain ) , C/ Calle Padre Ventura 19 , with licence number BAL-481 M/D , tax identification code B-57218356 and registered in the Mercantile Register of Mallorca ( page PM-44857 , volume 2007 , folio 148 ) ; or to Europcar International S.A.S.U. , a company registered in France under number 542065305 and whose registered office is at 3 Avenue du Centre , 78881 Saint Quentin en Yvelines , France ; or to Holiday Extras Limited , a company registered in England under number 01693250 and whose registered office is at Ashford Road , Newingreen , Hythe , Kent , CT21 4JF ; or to Mondial Assistance ( UK ) Limited a company registered in England under number 1710361 and whose registered office is at 102 George Street , Croydon CR9 6HD .
Booking.com B.V. is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , under registration number 31047344 .
VAT registration number is NL805734958B01 .
Registration number with Dutch Data Protection Authority is 1288246 .
We or our partners may also send you details of other products which we think may be of interest .
easyJet passes your personal data onto the Civil Aviation Authority for the purposes of ensuring compliance with and the enforcement of ATOL regulations .
easyJet may also pass your information on to government authorities or enforcement bodies e.g . for compliance with Advanced Passenger Information requirements .
From time to time , we make certain third party offers available through our site .
If you choose to accept such an offer , we will disclose your contact and billing information to the third party who made the offer available to you .
easyJet passes personal data , which includes information about your method of payment and flight booking , to the credit or debit card company that issued the card with which you made your booking .
For your convenience and information the easyJet website provides links to other websites .
easyJet would like to make you aware that these sites may have different security and privacy policies and that we have no control over and take no responsibility for any information contained in these sites .
In using the easyJet web site , you consent to the collection and use of this information by easyJet Airline Company Limited .
in the ways described above .
If you have any further questions about our Privacy Policy or its implementation , please contact our customer services department .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it .
easyJet Airline Company Limited Registered Office : Hangar 89 , London Luton Airport , Luton , Bedfordshire , LU2 9PF United Kingdom Tel . ( +44 ) 843 104 5000 / email .

Meredith Online Privacy Policy
Effective Date : April 5 , 2012
Online Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights
Welcome ! This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites , interactive services and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates ( collectively , Meredith , we or us ) and that display an authorized link to this policy ( collectively , the Services ) .
This Online Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect online through the Services .
Please click here to see our separate Offline Privacy Policy .
By using any of our Services , you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services .
Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services .
This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding :
Children under 13 Sites to Which We Link
Information Collected Through Our Services How to Correct or Update Your Information
Information We May Obtain from Other Sources Security , Retention and Storage of Information
How We Use the Information We Collect Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices
Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience , and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones .
If you 're under 13 , please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information ( such as your name , email address or phone number ) .
Information Collected Through Our Services
The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register , initiate transactions or communicate with us through the Services , and ( 2 ) information collected automatically as you use our Services .
Third-party providers and advertisers featured on , or linked to from , our Services may also gather information through processes that we do n't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information .
You may register to use certain features of our Services .
When you register , we may collect personally identifying information , including your name , postal address , email address , user name and password , reminder questions and answers and communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive .
We may also ask for information about age , gender , hobbies , interests and the like , but you 're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information .
When you register for one of our Services , the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well .
In addition , when you use various aspects of our Services , we may ask you for personally identifying information , including when you order products , complete a survey , enter a contest , or report a problem with our Services .
We and our authorized third-party service providers use this information to process orders , tailor our Services to your interests or otherwise improve our Services .
We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates .
We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request .
Please note that if you use any `` send-to-a-friend '' features of our Services , your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend .
Contests and Other Promotions .
From time to time , we may offer contests , sweepstakes or other promotions .
Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services ( see Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information , above ) .
If you participate in these promotions , we collect contact information such as your name , address , and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the presentation of the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials .
We do n't control these third parties ' privacy practices , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information .
We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion , such as winner selection and prize fulfillment , and as permitted by the promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners ' list .
Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services .
Meredith or third-party contractors acting on our behalf may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services , including :
Your browser type , language , plug-ins , Internet domain and operating system ;
Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online ) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;
The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website ;
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services ;
Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;
Information collected through cookies , web beacons and other tracking technologies ( see additional descriptions of these terms below ) ;
Information about your interactions with our video content , such as the type of content viewed on our Services ; information about your interactions with our email messages , such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message ; and standard server log information .
Personalization and Tracking Technologies .
Like most website and mobile application operators , we , or third parties acting on our behalf , use embedded scripts , cookies , web beacons and other similar technologies to operate our Services .
Cookies are small amounts of data ( often containing a unique identifier ) that are stored in separate files within your computer 's Internet browser .
Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit , and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on websites , so they can recognize the same browser navigating online .
We use cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our websites .
For example , if you register for a Meredith Service , we may save your username and password , so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit .
To help control the display of advertisements and customize the content and advertisements you see while using our Services and sometimes while visiting other websites online .
To help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and to improve the quality and effectiveness of our content , features , advertisements , and other communications .
Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertisements that you see while using our Services and other websites also may place cookies within your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies and do not control how they may be used .
You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies , or to notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the Help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences . )
It is up to you whether to allow us or third parties to send you or to set cookies , but if you block cookies , you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services .
Please be aware that certain browsers can not block or delete so-called `` Flash '' cookies , which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer .
For information about how to delete Flash cookies , please visit the Adobe website here .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies .
We and our service providers and other third-party companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and/or while visiting other unaffiliated websites may also use scripts , web beacons and/or similar technologies , to collect information about your use of our Services .
Web beacons ( sometimes called transparent GIFs , clear GIFs , or pixel tags ) embed a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a web page or in an email .
When your browser downloads a web beacon , the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set , the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page .
We use web beacons to improve your experience using our Services , including to provide you with content , advertising and offers customized to your interests , and to understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages .
Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information .
Certain mobile devices , including smart phones and tablet devices , contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location .
Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data ( which may include a phone number ) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message .
When you use mobile devices to access our Services , we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data , information about your wireless carrier , the make , model and operating system of your device and information about how you navigate within our Service .
With your consent , we also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or WiFi triangulation to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device .
We use this information to provide you the content and services you request , tell you about offers we think you will value , and improve your experience using our mobile applications and other Services .
Information Collected in Connection With Ad Serving , Targeting and Analytics .
We and our service providers may use information collected when you use our Services to serve interest-based advertisements on our Services and on other third-party websites that participate in advertising networks that we operate .
The data collection for our networks currently is managed by our service provider , Collective .
Meredith follows the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) in July 2009 .
You can also easily opt-out of these targeted ads by clicking on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites .
We also may work with other third-party advertising companies and data providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on our Services and on other websites , to send emails on our behalf , and to provide related analytics , forecasting , optimization and audience segmentation services .
These companies may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect navigation information from our users that they may use , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements tailored to match perceived user interests and/or for other purposes .
To enable you to receive customized ads , content or services , some of these companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser that reflects de-identified demographic data or other information about you that they obtained from third-party data suppliers .
To enable these cookies , we may share with these companies your email address or other registration information in an encrypted format ( i.e . hashed non-human readable form ) solely for the purpose of matching you to a relevant demographic profile .
No personally identifying data will be captured or used in the cookies .
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with , including DoubleClick and Google , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and/or the DAA ) .
We also engage Omniture , a third party , to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users .
For information about Omniture 's information collection practices and related opt-out choices , click here .
Many of our advertisers also engage other third-party vendors to help them deliver advertisements tailored to your interests , and evaluate and improve the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns .
We do not have access to the information these third parties may collect and this Policy does not cover their information practices .
Social Network Posting Tools and Share Features .
You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties , including a share button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages .
When you use one of these sharing tools , the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser , device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
The Share button functionality available within many of our Services is provided by Gigya , Inc. and its privacy policy is available here .
Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service .
Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen 's television ratings .
When one of their ads appears on our Services , it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad , read certain cookies on your browser , and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered .
If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users , it will append the impression data it receives , which may identify you as a user our Services , with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen .
Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers .
According to Nielsen , these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally .
For more information about Nielsen 's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices that Nielsen offers , please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here .
Information We May Obtain From Other Sources
We may combine the information we collect through the Services with other information that we obtain about you , your computer , and/or device from other companies and sources , including third-party data suppliers and public databases .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :
Name , postal address , email address and telephone number ;
Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;
Your interests and purchase behavior ;
Publicly-visible data , such as your posts and submissions to blogs , video-sharing services , and other interactive forums ; and
Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
How We Use The Information We Collect
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you .
Because our Services are supported by advertising , we also use the information we collect to help advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in their products and services .
We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary to complete a particular transaction , provide a requested service , enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law .
In addition , we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we collect about you to :
Analyze , operate and improve our Services , and fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters ;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;
Provide you with special offers and promotions from companies within our corporate family , and select third parties in accordance with applicable law ;
Customize the content you see when you use our Services ;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , including advertising that you see on our Services and on third-party websites ;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce our Visitor Agreement ;
Conduct market analysis , traffic flow analysis and related reporting ; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices
Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services , we may share any information that we collect through our Services , including without limitation , your name , postal address ( and any other information we combine with that information ) with our Meredith-affiliated companies , our provider partners and service providers , and with carefully selected third-party marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you .
To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please use the postal list opt-out form available here `` opt-out '' form or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation , Opt-Out Postal , Attn : Circulation , 1716 Locust Street , Des Moines , Iowa 50309 ) .
Without your consent , we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes .
If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers , we will share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected .
If you decide you no longer want to receive these emails , simply follow the advertiser 's unsubscribe link or instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive .
If you choose to subscribe to any of Meredith 's newsletters or commercial email lists , you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting our Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences .
Provider Partners and Service Providers .
To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable , we may offer some features ( such as chat rooms and email newsletters ) in conjunction with third-party providers ( Provider Partners ) that specialize in operating such services .
We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner .
We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , marketing , email and text message distribution , data processing , website analytics and promotions management .
We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you provided that they commit not to use the information for purposes other than to perform the services we request .
We may combine information that we collect about you with information that we collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally .
We may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we see fit .
Information You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas .
Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs , discussion forums , or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
Legal Compliance , Business Transfers and Other Disclosures .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services , we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law , respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests , enforce our Visitor Agreement , or protect the rights , property or safety of users of our Services , the public , Meredith Corporation , our affiliates , or any third party .
Over time , we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services , we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase , sale , lease , merger , foreclosure , liquidation , amalgamation or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates .
Sites to Which We Link
We also may provide links to other websites or services , and provide access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
How to Correct or Update Your Information
Meredith Corporation believes in providing you with the ability to access and edit the personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services .
To update this information , please visit the `` My Account '' area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information .
Security , Retention and Storage of Information
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect .
No security system is impenetrable , however .
We can not guarantee the security of our databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
Please see our Visitor Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials .
For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy , personally-identifying information may be transferred to , processed , stored and accessed by us , our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate .
Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may , in certain circumstances , be entitled to access your personally-identifying information .
By using the Services , you consent to this transfer , processing , storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside .
Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
Digital technology is rapidly evolving .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future , we 'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated .
Unless otherwise noted , all changes will be effective when posted .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us , once a year and free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year .
At our option , we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled `` How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices . ''

Viumbe , LLC .
( `` Viumbe '' ) respects your privacy .
This policy explains the privacy practices of Viumbe website and the following websites owned and operated by Viumbe and included therein : EbaumsWorld.com , YourDailyMedia.com , and Celebremix.com ( together will be referred to as : `` Viumbe Websites '' ) and Viumbe 's products , software , data feeds , and services offered to you on , from or through the Viumbe Websites ( collectively the `` Service '' ) .
It describes the ways Viumbe collects and uses your personal information on the Service and the rights and options available to you with respect to your information .
This policy is incorporated to the Service 's Terms of Service ( the `` Terms of Service '' or the `` Terms '' ) .
Personal information that you provide
When you open an account and register with the Service , Viumbe will ask you to provide certain personal details such as your name , e-mail address , user name and password , gender , date of birth and physical address .
Viumbe will explicitly indicate the fields for mandatory completion .
If you do not enter the requisite data in these fields , you will not be able to register with the Service .
When you purchase products or other services , and communicate with other users , you may be asked to provide additional personal details , depending on the nature of activity or service that you purchase or participate in .
You may upload your personal information to the Service and share the information with Viumbe and users of the Service .
The personal details that you upload , including any materials , videos , sound recordings , compositions , pictures , song lyrics , text , software , scripts , graphics , photos , videos , audiovisual combinations , interactive features and other materials you may view on , access through , or contribute to the Service ( `` Content '' ) , may be accessible to other users and may appear in search results on the Service .
PLEASE USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN YOU UPLOAD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION , ESPECIALLY ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION .
The content that you upload to the Service is not private
You have the control over the Content that you wish to upload to the Service .
The Content you submit to the Service will be associated with your account .
However the Content that you upload may be available to other users of the Service and the Service 's personnel , as well as to users of the Internet in general , through , for example , the use of search engine services .
However , Viumbe attempts to limit access to the Service information by third party search engine `` crawlers '' , `` robots '' or `` spiders '' .
Viumbe takes action to block access of these engines to personal information on the Service , beyond users ' name , profile picture , and limited aggregated data about users ' profile .
Nevertheless , after being uploaded to the Service , such Content is not private or confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it .
You are solely responsible for the Content that you upload .
Please consider adopting measures to protect your privacy , including but not limited to providing an anonymous user name and refraining from providing personal and identifying or identifiable details when not required .
Personal Information that Viumbe collects
Viumbe may collect further information when you use any of the services available on the Service .
For example , Viumbe may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Service , the duration of your sessions , the web pages that you visit , the groups you joined , information that you read , Content that you use or submit , advertisements that you view or click on , your communications with other users and third parties on the Service , the Internet protocol ( IP ) address and the name of the domain that serve you to access the Service , and the geographic location of the computer system that you are using to log-in to the Service .
Further information may be collected when Viumbe exchanges communications with you , for example , communications related to products and/or services that you purchase through the Service , or if you submit a request to the Service 's customer support , or when you contact the Service 's Designated Copyright Agent ( as defined in the Notification of Copyright Infringement ) .
What does Viumbe do with your personally identifiable information
Viumbe may use your personally identifiable information for the following purposes :
to enable you to use the Service and to provide you with the services on the Service ;
to improve and customize your experience as well as the experience of other users on the Service ;
to develop new services on the Service ;
to provide you with support , handle complaints and collect fees ;
to send you updates , notices and announcements ;
to provide you with information related to the Service ;
to provide you with further marketing and advertising material , subject to your prior indication of consent on the Service .
At any time you may opt out of the Service 's mailing lists , by changing your preferences in your Service 's personal account .
to conduct surveys and questionnaires ;
to post your Content on the Service and to facilitate communication between you and the Service and other users ;
to enforce the Terms of Service ;
to contact you as and when Viumbe believes it to be necessary ;
to comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies under any applicable law , when Viumbe has a good faith belief that Viumbe 's cooperation with the law enforcement agencies is legally mandated or meets the applicable legal standards ;
to prevent fraud , misappropriation , infringements , identity theft and other illegal activities and misuse of the Service ;
to take any action in any case of dispute , or legal proceeding of any kind between you and the Service , or between you and other users or third parties with respect to , or in relation with the Service ;
Important notice about children 's privacy
The Service is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13 .
If you are not 13 years old or older , then you will not use the Service or any of the services therein and must not provide any of your personal details .
Viumbe strongly encourages parents to monitor their children 's use of the Web .
If Viumbe learns that a child under the age of 13 years has provided personally identifiable information to the Service without verifiable parental consent , Viumbe will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from Viumbe databases .
Provisions relevant to Non U.S. users
Viumbe operates the Service and processes personal information on computer servers located in the United States .
Viumbe may process and store personal information on computer servers located in other jurisdictions , for back-up , redundancy and other purposes that Viumbe deems necessary to the operation of the Service .
You provide your explicit consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and other jurisdictions as described above and acknowledge that the laws concerning processing and storing personal information in those jurisdictions may differ from the laws of your home country .
How does Viumbe use aggregated information
Viumbe may use anonymous , statistical or aggregated information collected on the Service , including posting , disseminating , transmitting or otherwise communicating or making available such information through the Service , or to users on the Service , to the Service 's suppliers , partners and any other third party , at the Service 's sole discretion .
Viumbe may also use anonymous , statistical or aggregated information to properly operate the Service , to improve the quality of the Service , to enhance your experience , to create new services and features , including customized services , to change or cancel existing Content or service , for marketing and advertising purposes , and for further internal , commercial , and statistical purposes .
Viumbe may monetize the anonymous , statistical or aggregated information collected through Viumbe Websites .
Sharing information with others
Viumbe does not sell , rent or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties for any of their marketing purposes .
Viumbe may share personally identifiable information with others in any of the following instances , or subject to your explicit consent :
When you use the Service , or when you take part in any content-related activity .
In these cases , the Service will share your information to the extent necessary to facilitate your use of the Service ;
If Viumbe reasonably believes that you have breached the Service 's Terms of Service , or abused your rights to use the Service , or performed any act or omission that Viumbe reasonably believes to be violating any applicable law , rules , or regulations .
Viumbe may share your information in these cases , with law enforcement and other competent authorities and with any third party , as may be required to handle any result of your wrongdoing ;
If Viumbe is required , or reasonably believes that it is required by law and/or law enforcement agencies to share or disclose your information ;
In any case of dispute , or legal proceeding of any kind between you and Viumbe or between you and other users with respect to , or in relation with the Service ;
To operate the Service and Viumbe 's services , to send messages , and to provide search results and links ;
In any case where Viumbe reasonably believes that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent physical damage or damage to property ;
If Viumbe organizes the operation of the Service within a different framework , or through another legal structure or entity , or if Viumbe is acquired by , or merged into or with another entity , provided however , that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this policy , with respective changes taken into consideration ;
Viumbe may also share personally identifiable information with companies or organizations connected , or affiliated with Viumbe , such as subsidiaries , sister-companies and parent companies , and other partners , with the express provision that their use of such information must comply with this policy .
Viumbe provides you with an opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
Accessing your personal information
At any time you may access your account on the Service and edit , or amend your personal information .
If you find that the information on your account is not accurate , complete or updated , than you must make all necessary changes to correct it .
Please keep in mind that false , incorrect , or outdated information may prevent you from registering with the Service and impair the ability to provide you with services available through the Service .
Viumbe may at all times review , retain and disclose any information as Viumbe deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request .
However , by doing so Viumbe does not either expressly or impliedly endorse , affirm or in any manner assume any responsibility for such communications .
Viumbe may use cookies on the Service .
Cookies are packets of information sent by the Service 's servers to your web browser and then sent back by the browser each time it accesses the Service 's servers .
The cookies may contain a variety of information , such as the content of search queries , the Service 's pages you have accessed , session durations and IP addresses .
The Service may use cookies for various purposes , such as to save you the need to re-enter your user name and password each time you log-in on the Service , to facilitate the use of services on the Service , to collect statistical information with respect to the use of the Service , to verify information , to customize Service to your personal preferences and for information security purposes .
Some of the cookies may expire when the session ends and you exit your browser .
Other cookies are saved on your computer 's hard drive .
If you wish to block the Service 's cookies , then please use the help button in your browser and follow the necessary instructions .
However , bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent your use of the Service , or certain features thereof .
Viumbe permits third party advertising companies to place advertisements on Viumbe Websites and manage their display .
The advertisements originate from these advertising computer systems .
In order to manage the advertisements , these companies post cookies on your computer and embed web beacons in the advertisements or in Viumbe Websites ' pages .
Web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers , embedded in web pages and used to assist in collecting information about the sites usage .
The collected information does not identify you , and is only intended to match the displayed advertisements to your personal interests .
The use of cookies and web beacons by advertising companies is subject to their own privacy policies and not to this Privacy Policy .
Such companies have no access to Viumbe 's Websites ' cookies and Viumbe has no access to their cookies .
Should you wish to check the privacy policies of the companies that are managing the advertising scheme on Viumbe Websites , you may do so via their own websites .
To opt out of Google 's `` interest-based ads '' and to learn more about Google 's collection of your personal information to serve ads in connection with Viumbe Websites , click here .
Viumbe implements systems , applications and procedures to secure your personal information , to minimize the risks of theft , damage , loss of information , or unauthorized access or use of information .
However , these measures are unable to provide absolute assurance .
Therefore , although Viumbe takes great efforts to protect your privacy , Viumbe can not guarantee and you can not reasonably expect that the Service and the Service 's databases will be immune from any wrongdoings , malfunctions , unlawful interceptions or access , or other kinds of abuse and misuse , or that your private communications on or through the Service will remain private .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Viumbe may from time to time change the terms of this policy .
Substantial changes will take effect 30 days after Viumbe has posted an initial notification on the Service 's homepage or any other relevant web pages on the Service , with respect to such changes .
Other changes will take effect 7 days after their initial posting on the Service , unless Viumbe amends the Terms to comply with legal requirements .
In such cases the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting , or as required .
You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this policy .
Continuing to use the Service will indicate your acceptance of the amended terms .
If you do not agree with any of the amended terms , you must avoid any further use of the Service .
1550 Bryant St. , Suite 470
San Francisco , CA 94103 .
Last updated : May 2 , 2013 .

eBay Commerce Network Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information .
It governs your participation on the eBayCommerce.com , Shopping.com , Epinions.com , DealTime.com , and PriceTool.com websites ( including the versions of these sites in foreign jurisdictions ) , their sister sites , and all co-branded versions of these sites or any successor brand that eBay may designate from time to time in its discretion ( in the United States or foreign jurisdictions ) , which are referred to collectively as the eBay Commerce Network or ECN , along with their related sites , applications , services , and tools , regardless of how you access or use them , including through mobile devices .
You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for , access , or use our products , services , content , features , technologies , or functions offered on our websites and all related sites , applications , and services ( collectively eBay Commerce Network Services ) .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site .
Any such amendment shall take effect when such amendment is sent by email or posted on the eBay Commerce Network .
Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person .
A table summarizing the contents of this Policy appears below , followed by the Policy in full .
Should there be any discrepancy between the table and the full Policy , the language of the full Policy shall govern .
By using the eBay Commerce Network , and its related sites , applications , services and tools , and/or registering for an account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement .
eBay Inc. has established a set of Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed , or stored .
If we offer the ability for you to use our services and tools using a mobile device , the provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use .
The sites and services provided by eBay Inc. are not intended for children under the age of 13 , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from users in this age group .
Collection of Personal Information
We collect the different types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services , and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience .
This includes information we collect automatically ( such as device ID , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address , standard web log information , and anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons ) and information you give us ( such as information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services , or tools ) .
Occasionally , we may also receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties .
This may include , but is not limited to , demographic information , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Communication Preferences and Marketing
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content , and advertising .
You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from the ECN from the account settings section within your account .
We may share your personal information with the eBay family of companies or others as further described in the full Policy .
Information you share on the site
Ratings , reviews , tags , comments , and other content you contribute may be displayed publicly on the eBay Commerce Network and elsewhere on the web , sometimes alongside your member or user name .
Reviews submitted through our product review services can not later be deleted .
For some of our features , other members may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your reviews .
We may use the public content to develop aggregate ratings , personalize site views , market products or identify or feature popular members .
Your wish lists are public by default .
We use Cookies to recognize you as a customer ; customize ECN Services , content , and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness ; help ensure that your account security is not compromised ; mitigate risk and prevent fraud ; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and services .
For more detailed information on our use of Cookies , see Cookies and Your Privacy .
Access , review , and modification
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings and profile .
You can close your account at any time by contacting Customer Support in the United States , in the United Kingdom , in France , in Germany or in Australia ( for Shopping.com ) or clicking here ( for Epinions.com ) .
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world , where we protect your information using physical , technical , and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , or alteration .
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations .
Our ECN websites may contain links to other third party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites .
If you have concerns about how other websites collect and use information about you , make sure to read that site 's privacy policy .
You may write to us at : eBay Inc .
Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or by using the Contact Us form .
More information about the Global Privacy Office and how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center .
When you use any of the eBay Commerce Network websites listed above , you are contracting with eBay Inc. , with offices located at 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , CA 95125 .
If you reside outside of the United States , eBay Inc. is your data controller .
By using the ECN websites or their related applications , services , and tools , or by registering for an account with any of our websites , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in the eBay Commerce Network User Agreement , as well as to the transfer and storage of your personal information to our servers in the United States and elsewhere in the world where we have facilities .
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy , eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules ( also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules or BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed , or stored .
Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court .
For more information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , visit our eBay Privacy Center .
We may offer you the ability for you to connect with the ECN websites , or use our applications , services , and tools using a mobile device , either through a mobile application or via a mobile-optimized website .
The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices .
This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile-optimized websites .
The eBay Commerce Network websites are all general audience websites , and neither they nor any of their related sites , applications , services , or tools are intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites , applications , services , or tools from users in this age group .
Collection of Personal Information
You can browse our ECN websites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Personal information is only associated to your account when you sign in as a registered user .
If you register for an account with us , you choose to give us your personal information and are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and around the world .
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services , and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience :
Information we collect automatically : When you visit our sites , use our applications , services , and tools , or interact with our advertising or content , we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile device , or other access device .
This information is associated with you personally only when you sign in as a registered user , and includes but is not limited to :
device ID or unique identifier , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ; and
anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons .
Information you give us : We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services , or tools .
This may include , but is not limited to :
information you provide us when registering for an account , including email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ;
addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ;
shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
information provided in the context of community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , or correspondence sent to us
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list )
Mobile : When you download or use our Mobile Applications , or access one of our mobile optimized sites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device 's settings menu .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device .
Information from other sources : We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third party sources and add it to our account information .
This may include , but is not limited to , demographic information , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law .
We may offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the ECN websites or related applications , services or tools .
We also may offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites .
The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your ECN account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Communication Preferences and Marketing ( Opt-out
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay , or within the direct communication from us .
If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program .
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications ( including customized ads ) from the eBay Commerce Network at any time , but you may not opt-out of administrative emails ( for example , emails about your transactions or policy changes ) while you are a member of the eBay Commerce Network .
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with secure and smooth access to the ECN websites and/or use of our services , applications , and tools , to provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services , and to provide you with a safe , efficient , and customized experience .
You agree that we may use your personal information to :
operate our websites and provide access to our applications , services , and tools ;
provide customer support ;
analyze site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports ;
prevent , detect , and investigate fraud , security breaches , and potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
measure and improve our sites and services , and customize our services , content , and advertising ;
contact you , either via email or telephone , to resolve disputes , collect fees , troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications , or tools , or to deliver targeted marketing , service updates , or promotional offers in accordance with your stated communication preferences ; or
provide other services requested by you , as described at the time when we collect the information from you , or to contact you for other purposes authorized by law .
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations .
As stated above , we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions , and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or data security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , services and tools , and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , site operations , and co-branded credit cards ) .
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
On the eBay Commerce Network , you may have opportunities to express interest in or register for third-party products and services .
If you do , we will provide information about you to the third party to implement your request ;
Law enforcement , governmental agencies , or authorized third parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay Commerce Network user to legal liability .
In such events , we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , ZIP code , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation ;
Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account , including information on late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report ;
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information would be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice ) ; and/or
For our internal development and market research , we may collect survey information from you and share the results with our affiliates , consultants , vendors and service providers as applicable and authorized by this Privacy Policy .
Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties only if such parties have a subpoena , court order , or substantially similar legal procedure , or if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity .
Information You Share on Site
Some portions of the eBay Commerce Network allow you to contribute ratings , reviews , tags , comments , and other content , either on one of our websites or via our product review services on other websites .
This content may be displayed publicly on the eBay Commerce Network and elsewhere on the web .
The reviews and comments you publish may be displayed with your member or user name .
Registered members can publish reviews by logging in to their accounts ; reviews submitted through our product review services can not be deleted once uploaded .
For some of our features , other members may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your reviews .
You can also choose to make your wish lists private , but they are public by default .
We may use the public content to develop aggregate ratings , personalize site views , market products or identify or feature popular members .
For example , we may promote most popular or highest-earning reviews and members .
While we do not expect to transfer the complete review rating and web of trust database to others ( except as discussed in this policy ) , we use the database throughout our network and to generate results for others .
Your ECN User ID is displayed throughout the eBay Commerce Network ( and so it is available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your ECN activity .
This means that other people can see the feedback , ratings , and comments associated with your User ID .
Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites likewise refer to specific User IDs .
Therefore , if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your ECN activities .
If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , you must log out of your account after use , or else certain information about you such as your User ID , activity , or reminders from eBay may be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you .
When you access our websites or use our applications , services , or tools , we may place small data files on your computer or other device .
These data files may be cookies , pixel tags , `` Flash cookies , '' or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ( `` Cookies '' ) .
We use these data files to help us identify you as a user , customize our services , content and advertising , to measure promotional effectiveness , and to promote trust and safety .
For more detailed information on our use of Cookies , see , see Cookies and Your Privacy .
A few important things you should know about our use of Cookies :
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of Cookies
We use both session and persistent Cookies .
Session Cookies expire and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or close your browser .
Persistent Cookies remain on your device until you erase them or they expire
You are always free to decline Cookies if your browser permits , although doing so may interfere with your use of our websites , applications , and/or services and tools .
Refer to the help section of your browser , browser extensions , or installed applications for instructions on blocking , deleting , or disabling Cookies
We encode and protect our Cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them
You may encounter Cookies from third parties , known as service providers , that we have allowed on our site that assist us with various aspects of our web site operations and services
You also may encounter Cookies from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorized .
( For example , if you view a web page created by another user , there may be a cookie placed by that web page )
Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing
eBay Inc. does not tolerate spam on the eBay Commerce Network .
We do not send emails to anyone without permission , and we do not sell or rent email addresses to any unauthorized third party .
This does not mean that we can prevent spam from happening on the Internet .
If you believe that you have received an unsolicited email from us , please contact our Privacy Department as directed below and we will investigate .
Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information
Registered members can review and change personal information at any time by accessing the member page on their country version of Shopping.com ( the United States , the United Kingdom , France , Germany and Australia ) or Epinions .
You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate .
You can make your ECN wish lists private by clicking MyLists and indicating that you want to keep your lists private .
You can close your Shopping.com account by contacting Customer Support for the following country versions of Shopping.com through the following links : the United States , the United Kingdom , France , Germany and Australia , or your Epinions account by clicking here .
We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law , prevent fraud , assist with investigations , resolve disputes , analyze or troubleshoot programs , enforce our User Agreement , or take other actions permitted by law .
Likewise if your account or membership is terminated or suspended , we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration .
We store and process your information on our servers located in the United States and around the world .
We maintain appropriate technical , physical , and administrative security measures to protect the security of your personal information against loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure or alteration .
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and delete any information that is no longer useful or relevant to our operations .
Our ECN websites may contain links to other third party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites .
If you have concerns about how other websites collect and use information about you , make sure to read that site 's own privacy policy .
You 'll sometimes see eBay Commerce Network content on other websites , labeled `` Powered by eBay Commerce Network . ''
For example , we syndicate our eBay Commerce Network listings for use on other companies ' websites .
These listings appear with another company 's logo at the top of the page .
When you browse these syndicated listings , you are subject to that company 's privacy policy , and eBay Inc. does not collect any personal information about you or receive any personal information from these other companies .
The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs .
You may also interact with our product review services on websites operated by other companies .
When you submit reviews or other content using our product review services , the information we collect is subject to our policies .
We clearly label our product review services with the ECN Privacy Policy and User Agreement .
If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc .
Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form .
More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center .

We may use anonymous information that we collect from you to improve our services .
In addition Google & other ad networks , as a third-party vendors , use cookies to serve ads on EBOG.com website .
In both cases no name , address , email address or telephone number is recorded and technical information
is only used in order to serve goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Click here to contact us by email

The Economist Group 's privacy policy
The Economist Group is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers .
Because we operate from offices around the world , we have taken steps to ensure that high standards of data protection are adhered to globally for all the forms of data processing mentioned below .
This statement outlines our privacy and data protection policy .
`` The Economist Group '' comprises The Economist Newspaper Limited and its subsidiaries , which together operate a number of businesses , including the following :
Other Economist-branded businesses , such as Economist Intelligence Unit , Economist Events and Economist Corporate Network
CQ-Roll Call Group ( including Capitol Advantage , Congressional Quarterly and Roll Call )
A `` customer '' ( or `` you '' ) is anyone ordering , registering for or making use of any product , service or website of any Economist Group business .
Collection and use of customer information
Your personal details will be collected and processed when you order , purchase , register , subscribe or make use of any of our products or services .
Information is collected by the companies of the Economist Group .
For our businesses operated in the EU and EEA , the companies listed at the end of this policy statement are each registered with the United Kingdom 's Information Commissioner 's Office as a data controller in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
In addition , when you visit any of our websites or use any of our digital applications ( such as our iPhone or iPad applications ) , we also collect website and application usage information ( which may include your reading history and any advertisements you may have viewed ) , and information about your computer or other digital device and your internet connection .
This includes your computer 's or digital device 's IP address , the type and version of browser and operating system you use , your internet domain and , if you visited via a link from another website , the URL of the linking page .
This information is collected to help us :
manage your registration preferences
send you renewal notifications and/or service notifications
personalise web content and advertising based on your personal characteristics or preferences
ensure , as far as is practical , that our websites and applications are compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors
conduct customer satisfaction surveys
And , if you allow us to* , we may also :
tell you about additional products and services
tell you about other promotional activities across The Economist Group of companies or other companies with whom we have a business relationship
invite you to participate in market research and surveys
* Please indicate your privacy preferences using the order , registration or subscription form when ordering , purchasing , registering or subscribing .
We also use your information for in-house research and analysis .
This helps us to :
improve our understanding of customer needs
To enable us to conduct research we may share your information with third party suppliers employed to help .
All results of any research and analysis will be anonymised or aggregated information and will not reveal any personal details of individual customers .
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your hard drive when you visit any of the Group 's websites ( directly or via our applications ) .
We use information from cookies for purposes which may include :
identifying returning users , registrants and subscribers
eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details
enabling you to move more easily around our sites and applications
tracking your use of our sites to better develop our sites and applications in accordance with your requirements
building up an anonymous profile based on your browsing patterns across our sites , applications and third party websites , which enables us to make advertisements and content available to you that is more relevant to your interests
You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time .
Bear in mind , though , that if you delete them , any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset when you next log in .
You will be able to use our websites and applications even if your browser is not set to accept cookies .
However , certain features and content may not be available to you and you will have to log in every time you visit .
By visiting an Economist Group website , you consent to the use of cookies as explained above .
Some of our websites also have a separate cookies section giving more details on the types of cookies used .
The Economist Group uses reputable third parties to deliver the e-mails you receive if you have subscribed to e-mail newsletters , or have chosen to receive information about Economist Group products , services and offers .
These third parties use unique identifiers and invisible images ( often called `` pixel tags '' or `` clear GIFs '' ) to perform message open sensing , message format sensing , and click-through sensing in order to bring you more relevant information .
Content and some ad services in these e-mails are provided by Economist Group servers or by a third party .
The Economist Group uses DoubleClick to deliver the advertisements displayed on our websites .
DoubleClick may note some of the pages you visit through the use of pixel tags ( also called `` clear gifs '' ) .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , DoubleClick may place or recognise a unique cookie on your computer in order to bring to you more relevant information and to make sure that you do not receive the same ad many times in the same session .
Some of the advertisers on our sites do not use DoubleClick ad-serving software and their ads are served by third-parties who may also place cookies .
For advertisements appearing on in our digital applications , we may share anonymised information regarding advertisement viewing patterns with our advertisers , but will not reveal any personal details of individual customers .
Our websites may , from time to time , contain links to external sites .
The Economist Group is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites and we recommend that you read the privacy policies on any external sites you use .
The Economist Group does its utmost to protect your privacy and ensure your personal details are not misused , accidentally destroyed , lost or altered within The Economist Group .
Occasionally we share your details with other companies who are managing data for us ( eg fulfilment bureaux , database consultants etc . ) .
They are only permitted to process your data with explicit permission from The Economist Group , enabling them to perform the services required .
Transfer of personal data overseas
As the internet is a global environment , collecting and processing personal information may involve the transmission of this data internationally , including outside of the European Union .
Therefore , by communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to your personal data being processed in this way .
The Economist Group does not intentionally collect any personal information from individuals under the age of 13 .
When necessary , underage users will be told not to submit any personal details and we will make every effort to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has informed us that these details have been collected .
Changes to this statement
From time to time , we may make changes to the privacy policy .
This may be in relation to changes in the law , best practice or changes in our services .
These changes will be reflected in this statement , so you should check here from time to time .
In accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 , the following companies are registered with the United Kingdom 's Information Commissioner 's Office as a data controller to collect information :
Data controller : The Economist Newspaper Limited
Registered Office : 25 St James 's Street , London SW1A 1HG , UK
ICO Registered Number : Z7134617 Data Protection Registration Number : 236383
Other names : The World In , The Economist , European Voice , Economist.com , Intelligent Life
Data controller : The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited
Registered Office : 25 St James 's Street , London SW1A 1HG , UK
ICO Registered Number : Z6982453
Data Protection Registration Number : 1762617
Other names : EIU , Economist Intelligence Unit , Economist Conferences , Economist Corporate Network
Data controller : EuroFinance Conferences Ltd
Registered Office : 25 St James 's Street , London SW1A 1HG , UK
ICO Registered Number : Z4865712
Data Protection Registration Number : 3015764
Other names : EuroFinance Intelligence , EuroFinance Training

We gather certain types of information about the visitors to the Edmunds Automotive Network , and we believe our visitors should fully understand how we obtain and use that information .
The Edmunds Automotive Network consists of Edmunds.com , any other Web site that we identify as a part of the Edmunds Automotive Network , the mobile versions of our Web Sites , and any apps that we offer ( for example , apps available through iTunes and on Facebook ) .
This Privacy Statement discloses what information we gather on our Web sites and how we use it .
( Accordingly , this Privacy Statement is not applicable to information that we obtain through any other business activities . )
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement , you should contact us though our Contact Us form .
The submission by you to us of personally identifiable information ( e.g. , your name , your street address , your e-mail address , your telephone number ) is required in order for you to receive services , products or information you request from either us or companies with which we do business .
( We refer to such personally identifiable information , as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide to us about yourself on the Edmunds Automotive Network that we combine with your personally identifiable information ( but not your city , state or ZIP code ) , as your `` Personal Information . '' )
Your Personal Information will be shared between us and those companies , and may also be disclosed to other entities who work with us or those companies to fulfill your request .
In addition , if you provide your Personal Information through the use of one of our vehicle price quote or inquiry services , your Personal Information will be provided by us to vehicle dealers , and may also be provided by us to the manufacturers of those vehicles ( and/or their affiliates and agents ) , who may use that information to contact you .
Edmunds can not control , and is not responsible for , the manner in which any of such companies or other entities use your Personal Information .
In addition , in order to become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network you are required to provide Personal Information to us , and additional Personal Information may be provided by you either at the time you become a member or , at your election , at any later time as a part of your member `` profile . ''
In certain locations on the Edmunds Automotive Network where we obtain your Personal Information we may include a `` check box '' ( or another process ) for the purpose of soliciting your consent to receive special offers and/or other information from other entities selected by us .
By either `` checking '' the box , or leaving the check box `` checked '' ( or otherwise providing your consent ) , you are choosing to receive promotional and marketing communications from those other entities , and you are consenting to our providing your Personal Information to those other entities .
You may withdraw your consent by ( i ) if you are a member , modifying your Membership account profile , ( ii ) by sending a request to us through our Contact Us form , or ( iii ) by sending us a request by mail to 1620 26th Street , Suite 400 South , Santa Monica , California 90404 , attention : Customer Service .
However , withdrawing your consent will not affect the rights of the other entities that previously received your Personal Information to continue to send communications to you .
In addition , we may send you communications related to our products or services or those of third parties .
However , you will have the opportunity at any time to `` opt-out '' of receiving future promotional and marketing communications from us either ( i ) by following the instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail we send you , ( ii ) by sending a request to us through our Contact Us form , or ( iii ) by sending us a request by mail to 1620 26th Street , Suite 400 South , Santa Monica , California 90404 ; attention : Customer Service .
If you do not give your consent , either in the manner described in the preceding paragraphs or in another manner , your Personal Information will not be shared by us with other entities , except as set forth above or as follows : We may disclose whatever information we may have or know about you , including your Personal Information , without first notifying you or obtaining your consent , to third-party service providers who provide services to us , or who assist us to improve our data or our services or to better understand their value to our visitors or to the companies with which we do business ; or to other third parties if we determine that disclosure of such information : ( i ) is or may be required by law or legal process ; ( ii ) is or may be reasonably necessary to enforce the Edmunds Automotive Network Membership Agreement or Visitor Agreement , or to take appropriate action if a visitor is determined by us to have violated either of those agreements ; or ( iii ) is or may be reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , the Edmunds Automotive Network , our visitors or other individuals or entities .
We may also disclose to third parties portions of the Edmunds Automotive Network 's log files that show which `` Internet service provider '' a visitor has used or other visitor information .
That information may enable third parties to discover , through that Internet service provider , the identity of a visitor .
We may use your Personal Information to customize or enhance your experience on the Edmunds Automotive Network ( including the display of advertisements ) and communications related to our products or services or those of third parties .
In addition , we may use other information we may have about you ( such as your IP address ) or your use of the Edmunds Automotive Network ( such as which pages you have visited ) for those purposes and , as described below under `` Edmunds Automotive Network Advertising on Third-Party Web Sites , '' for the purpose of facilitating the serving of targeted ads for the Edmunds Automotive Network on other Web sites .
If you are a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network we may send you certain administrative and service messages in connection with our Community Services ; you can not opt out of receiving those communications .
See our Membership Agreement .
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California have the right to request from a business , with whom the California resident has an established business relationship , certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year .
Your request should specify your full name and the email address you used when submitting personal information to us .
Modification of Your Personally Identifiable Information
If any of your personally identifiable information provided as a part of becoming a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network changes , you may change that information by updating your Membership account profile .
If you would like to modify or delete any personally identifiable information provided to the Edmunds Automotive Network through the use of one of our vehicle price quote or inquiry services , or otherwise , send a request to us ( i ) through our Contact Us form or ( ii ) by mail to 1620 26th Street , Suite 400 South , Santa Monica , California 90404 , attention : Customer Service .
Your Zip Code and ZIP Code Cookies
When you visit our Web site we assign a ZIP code to you based on your IP address .
Knowing your ZIP code enables us to display to you vehicle selling prices adjusted for your region , incentive and rebates that apply in your region , your vehicle 's five-year True Cost to Own for your region , and dealer listings and/or vehicle inventory specific to your region .
We provide this information for ZIP codes that are within one of the 50 states or the District of Columbia , but not those in other U.S. territories or possessions or for the postal codes of Canada or other countries .
After we determine your ZIP code we serve a `` cookie '' to you that includes your ZIP code .
( `` Cookies '' are described below . )
That cookie permits us to recognize your ZIP code when you use our features that are ZIP code-dependent , or upon your return to our Web site .
You have the opportunity to change your ZIP code at appropriate times during your visit to our Web site if you want to get information for a different ZIP code ; changing your ZIP code automatically updates your ZIP code cookie .
We may share your ZIP code with third parties , including third-party advertisers that display advertisements on our Web site .
`` Cookies '' are small data files that are written to your computer or other device through which you many access the Edmunds Automotive Network by a Web site or by third parties when you visit that Web site .
A cookie file contains information such as a user ID that a site may use to track the pages you 've visited .
Cookies served by us do n't permit us to read data from your computer or other device , or to read cookie files created by other Web sites .
We use cookies in many ways , including the following :
First Visits : When you first visited the Edmunds Automotive Network , we served a cookie to you .
This cookie resides permanently on your computer or other device ( unless you chose to delete it ) and enables us to track visitor activity across our Web sites .
Applications : Whenever you use certain applications on the Edmunds Automotive Network , we may serve a `` session cookie '' to you , which is a cookie that is only used by us during your use of that application .
In addition , for some applications we may serve a cookie to you that has a longer expiration date .
These cookies help us manage our delivery to you of application information and related content .
Vehicle Price Quotes : In order to obtain vehicle price quotes or make a vehicle inquiry , you may be presented with a form that requests , among other items , your name and contact information .
When this form is submitted by you , the information you provide is stored on our computers , so that we have a record of what we have sent to our partners .
We also serve a cookie to you that encodes where on our computers that information is maintained , so that we can `` pre-fill '' your name and contact information for you when in the future you call up a similar form .
Membership Registration : When you register as a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network , we use a cookie to store your registration information on your computer if you click the `` Remember me '' box .
We use this cookie to enable you to enter the Edmunds Automotive Network as a member without having to sign in each time .
Third-party Advertisements : Our advertisers , and the companies that facilitate the delivery of their advertisements on the Edmunds Automotive Network , set and access cookies and other tracking technologies on your computer that facilitate the delivery and administration of such advertising .
Other companies ' use of their cookies and other tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one .
See `` Third-Party Ad Servers '' and `` Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising '' below for additional information .
Login via Facebook Account
If you use your Facebook account to log into the Edmunds Automotive Network , Facebook may collect information about your visit to the Edmunds Automotive Network .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to Facebook 's collection or use of that information .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect your Personal Information , both during transmission to us and once we receive it .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
If you have any questions about security on the Edmunds Automotive Network , please use our Contact Us form .
The Edmunds Automotive Network provide a number of means by which you may communicate with other visitors and with us .
Many of these are the various communication and personalization tools and services that are part of our `` community '' ( the `` Community Services '' ) .
The Community Services include our Forums ( the Web 's most established automotive message boards ) , Edmunds Answers , our Dealer Ratings & Reviews and Repair Shop Ratings & Reviews , Consumer Reviews ( and Ratings ) of Vehicles , and comments on our articles and blogs .
In order to add content to the Edmunds Automotive Network through the Community Services , you must first become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network and agree to our Membership Agreement .
( You do not need to register in order to browse or read the content provided by our members . )
The Membership Agreement sets forth a number of information-sharing and disclosure practices for our Community Services , and accordingly supplements this Privacy Statement .
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to become members of the Edmunds Automotive Network .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to register as a member or send any information about yourself to us .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us through our Contact Us form .
The Edmunds Automotive Network provides a number of other means by which you may communicate with other visitors and with the Edmunds Automotive Network or our company that do not require you to become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network .
This includes our Letters to the Editors , Compliments & Success Stories , Help and the submittal directly to our staff of feedback , errors , questions or comments .
All of your communications made to or through those services or through our Community Services are referred to as your `` Visitor-Submitted Content . ''
For information concerning our use of your Visitor-Submitted Content , please see our Visitor Agreement .
Occasionally we conduct visitor surveys to better target our content to our audience or for the benefit of third parties with whom we do business .
Accordingly , sometimes the aggregate survey results are shared with our advertisers and partners .
We never share any survey information about any identified individual with any third party unless that individual consents .
E-mail this Page to a Friend
Many of the pages of the Edmunds Automotive Network include a feature that permits visitors to electronically forward that page to someone else by clicking on a link .
The sender must provide his or her e-mail address , as well as that of the recipient .
The sender 's information is used only in the case of transmission errors and , of course , to let the recipient know who sent the page .
Neither the sender 's information nor the recipient 's information is used for any other purpose .
Links to Other Web Sites
The Edmunds Automotive Network contains links to many other Web sites not operated by us , including sites where you can obtain automotive products and services .
However , this Privacy Statement only applies to the Edmunds Automotive Network and the information we collect thereon , and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any other Web sites .
For additional information about those links , please review our Visitor Agreement .
We use DoubleClick Inc. , an advertising service company , to serve advertisements for the Edmunds Automotive Network .
We also sometimes use other advertising service companies to serve ads .
DoubleClick and these other advertising service companies may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visits to the Edmunds Automotive Network in order to provide advertisements on the Edmunds Automotive Network .
Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
The cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising ( the `` Program '' ) was developed by leading industry associations to apply consumer-friendly standards to online behavioral advertising across the Internet .
Edmunds has elected to implement the Program .
The Program applies to `` online behavioral advertising , '' which is defined as the collection of data online from a particular computer or device regarding Web viewing behaviors over time , and across non-affiliate Web sites , for the purpose of using such data to predict visitor preferences or interests to deliver advertising to that computer or device based on the preferences or interests inferred from those Web viewing behaviors .
( The Program does not apply to a Web site 's collection of viewing behavior solely for its own uses , or to `` contextual advertising '' that delivers advertisements based on the content of a Web page , a search query or a visitor 's contemporaneous behavior on a Web site . )
As part of our ongoing efforts to evaluate and respond to visitor privacy expectations , our current policy is to advise companies that advertise on the Edmunds Automotive Network that we do not permit the behavioral targeting of Edmunds ' visitors by our advertisers outside of the Edmunds Automotive Network using data collected from visitors to our Web sites ( other than on their own Web sites ) .
However , like all web publishers we do not have the ability to monitor our advertisers ' compliance with these proscriptions .
However , our advertisers may from time to time use data collected about your visits to the Edmunds Automotive Network and other Web sites to target ads to you on the Edmunds Automotive Network and to tailor content and ads on Web sites operated by those advertisers ( but not on Web sites operated by third parties ) .
In addition , we may from time to time permit third parties to collect non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about our visitors for the purpose of facilitating the serving of targeted ads promoting the Edmunds Automotive Network on other Web sites .
To do this , we permit such third parties to place and use cookies on the browsers of our visitors , and use Web beacons and other tracking technologies on the Edmunds Automotive Network .
These third parties may also use personally identifiable information to serve advertisements over time and across Web sites , but not on the Edmunds Automotive Network .
Additional Disclosure under the California Online Privacy Protection Act
We do not collect personally identifiable information about our visitors ' online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services .
Therefore , `` do not track '' signals transmitted from Web browsers do not apply to the Edmunds Automotive Network , and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal .
Where a visitor or Web browser transmits a `` do not track '' signal , third parties that place cookies and collect information on the Edmunds Automotive Network will be able to see that such a signal has been transmitted .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right , in our sole discretion and at any time , to change this Privacy Statement .
Changes will be effective when made and the updated Privacy Statement is posted on the Edmunds Automotive Network ; provided , however , that ( i ) information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the provisions of this Privacy Statement that applied at the time the information was collected , and ( ii ) no such change shall be applicable to any dispute between you and us that arises prior to the time such change is effective .
Revised December 13 , 2013

NOTICE : On November 4 , 2013 , edX adopted an amended Privacy Policy , providing as follows
At edX , we care about the confidentiality and security of your personal information .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information secure in compliance with this Privacy Policy .
`` Personal Information '' is defined below .
As used in this Privacy Policy , `` we , '' `` us '' and `` our '' refer to edX .
This Privacy Policy only applies to information that we collect through the edX Website ( the `` Site , '' which consists of all content and pages located within the edX.org web domain ) and does not apply to information that we may collect from you in other ways ( for example , this policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us over the phone , by fax or through conventional mail ) .
In addition , please note that your education records are protected by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( `` FERPA '' ) to the extent FERPA applies .
Comments or other information posted by you to our forums , wikis or other areas of the Site designed for public communications or communications among registered class members may be viewed and downloaded by others who visit the Site .
For this reason , we encourage you to use discretion when deciding whether to post any information that can be used to identify you to those forums ( or other public or classwide areas ) .
CONSENT TO PROCESSING OUTSIDE HOME COUNTRY
By using our Site , or providing information to edX , you understand and unambiguously consent to the collection , use , disclosure and retention of information in the United States and other countries and territories , for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and the edX Terms of Service .
You hereby consent to the collection , use , disclosure and retention by edX of your Personal Information as described under this Privacy Policy , including but not limited to the transfer of your personal data between edX and the third parties , affiliates and subsidiaries described in this Privacy Policy .
For further certainty , any consent relating to a right to transfer information referred to in this paragraph shall be deemed to include your consent to the transfer of the applicable Personal Information to a jurisdiction which may provide a different level of privacy protection than that available in your own country .
If you do not agree with these terms , then please do not access , browse , or register for the Site .
If you choose not to provide us with certain information required to provide you with various services offered on our Site , you may not be able to establish a user account and we may not be able to provide you with those services .
As used in this Privacy Policy , `` Personal Information '' means any information about yourself that you may provide to us when using the Site , such as when you sign up for a user account or enter into a transaction through the Site , which may include ( but is not limited to ) your name , contact information , gender , date of birth , occupation , and if you register for an ID Verified Certificate of Achievement , a driver 's license or other government issued identification .
We endeavor to limit the collection of Personal Information to what we need with respect to specific Site activities in order to satisfy business , legal or regulatory requirements .
For example , if you wish to purchase an ID Verified Certificate of Achievement , we will collect certain Personal Information necessary to authenticate your identity , as described in greater detail in the edX Terms of Service .
If you do not wish to submit the required authentication information , then you will not be able to purchase a certificate via the Site .
EdX does not currently collect financial information from you ; however , if you choose to purchase an ID Verified Certificate of Achievement , you will be directed to our third party payment processor ; and the submission of your payment information will be subject to the terms found at the payment landing page accessible via edX Terms of Service .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect information , including Personal Information ( described above ) , when you sign up for a user account , participate in online courses , register for a paid certificate , send us email messages and/or participate in our public forums .
We also collect certain usage information about student performance and patterns of learning .
In addition , we track information indicating , among other things , which pages of our Site were visited , the order in which they were visited , when they were visited and which hyperlinks and other user interface controls were used .
We may log the IP address , operating system and browser software used by each user of the Site , and we may be able to determine from an IP address a user 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
Various web analytics tools are used to collect this information .
Some of the information is collected through cookies ( small text files placed on your computer that store information about you , which can be accessed by the Site ) .
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our cookies , many functions and conveniences of this Site may not work properly .
USE AND DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
Among other things , we and the educational institutions that provide courses through edX ( the `` Universities '' ) may use the information about you collected through the Site ( including your Personal Information ) in connection with the following .
In cases where we share or disclose your Personal Information : ( 1 ) the third party recipients are required to handle the Personal Information in a confidential manner and to maintain adequate security to protect the information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , and destruction ; and ( 2 ) we will only disclose and share the Personal Information that is required by the third party to fulfill the purpose stated at the time of collection .
To enable the Universities to provide , administer and improve the courses .
To help us and the Universities improve edX offerings , both individually ( e.g. , by course staff when working with a student ) and in aggregate , and to individualize the experience and to evaluate the access and use of the Site and the impact of edX on the worldwide educational community .
For purposes of scientific research , particularly , for example , in the areas of cognitive science and education .
For the purpose for which you specifically provided the information , for example , to respond to a specific inquiry or provide you with access to the specific course content and/or services you select .
To track both individual and aggregate attendance , progress and completion of an online course , and to analyze statistics on student performance and how students learn .
To monitor and detect violations of the Honor Code , the Terms of Service , as well as other misuses and potential misuses of the Site .
To publish information , but not Personal Information , gathered about edX access , use , impact and student performance .
To send you updates about online courses offered by edX or other events , to send you communications about products or services of edX , edX affiliates , or selected business partners that may be of interest to you , or to send you email messages about Site maintenance or updates .
To archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
To maintain and improve the functioning and security of the Site and our software , systems and network .
For purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy ( including , e.g. , Sharing with Third Parties ) .
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection , pursuant to your consent , or as otherwise permitted by law .
To authenticate your identity when you register for a paid certificate .
To process refunds , as applicable .
We will share information we collect with the Universities , and we and the Universities may share this information ( including Personal Information ) with third parties as follows :
With service providers or contractors that perform certain functions on our or the Universities ' behalf , including processing information that you provide to us on the Site , processing purchases via third party providers , and other transactions through the Site , operating the Site or portions of it , providing or administering courses , or in connection with other aspects of edX or University services .
With other visitors to the Site , to the extent that you submit comments , course work or other information or content ( collectively , `` Postings '' ) to a portion of the Site designed for public communications ; and with other members of an edX class of which you are a member , to the extent you submit Postings to a portion of the Site designed for viewing by those class members .
We may provide your Postings to students who later enroll in the same classes as you , within the context of the forums , the courseware or otherwise .
If we do re-post your Postings originally made to non-public portions of the Site , we will post them without your real name and e-mail ( except with your express permission ) , but we may use your username without your consent .
For purposes of scientific research , particularly , for example , in the areas of cognitive science and education .
However , we will only share Personal Information about you for this purpose to the extent doing so complies with applicable law and is limited to the Personal Information required to fulfill the purposes stated at the time of collection .
To provide opportunities for you to communicate with other users who may have similar interests or educational goals .
For instance , we may recommend specific study partners or connect potential student mentees and mentors .
In such cases , we may use all information collected about you to determine who might be interested in communicating with you , but we will only provide other users your username , and not disclose your real name or e-mail address to your contact .
To respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; in response to a request for cooperation from law enforcement or another government agency ; to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , security or technical issues , or to enforce our Terms of Service , Honor Code or this Privacy Policy ; as otherwise may be required by applicable law ; or to protect our rights , property or safety or those of others .
With affiliates of edX or the Universities , or with successors in the event of a merger , acquisition or reorganization , for their use consistent with this Privacy Policy .
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection , pursuant to your consent , or otherwise as permitted by law ( e.g. , disclosures permitted under FERPA , to the extent FERPA applies to the information ) .
For integration with third party services .
For example , videos and other content may be hosted on YouTube and other websites not controlled by edX .
In addition , we may share aggregated information that does not personally identify you with the public and with third parties , including but not limited to researchers and business partners .
USE FOR PERSONALIZATION AND PEDAGOGICAL IMPROVEMENTS
Our goal is to provide current and future visitors with the best possible educational experience .
To further this goal , we sometimes present different users with different versions of course materials and software .
We do this to personalize the experience to the individual learner ( assess the learner 's level of ability and learning style , and present materials best suited to the learner ) , to evaluate the effectiveness of our course materials , to improve our understanding of the learning process and to otherwise improve the effectiveness of our offerings .
We may publish or otherwise publicize results from this process , but , unless otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy , those publications or public disclosures will not include Personal Information .
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Site contains links to websites published by third parties , including other content providers as well as certain service providers , such as those who process payments on behalf of edX .
These other websites are not under our control , and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by such websites , unless we have otherwise indicated in this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to be aware when you are be redirected to a third party website and review the privacy policies of each website you visit and use .
edX has a program designed to protect Personal Information in its possession or control .
This is done through a variety of privacy and security policies , processes and procedures , including administrative , physical , and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality , integrity , and availability of the Personal Information that it creates , receives , maintains , or transmits .
Nonetheless , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure ; and therefore , edX can not guarantee its absolute security .
CHANGING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that we review and may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When changes are made , the Privacy Policy link will include a notation `` Revised ( date ) . ''
indicating that you should review the new terms , which will be effective immediately upon posting on this page , with an updated effective date .
The notation will be included in the Privacy Policy link for at least seven ( 7 ) days after the update has been made .
By accessing the Site after any changes have been made , you signify your agreement on a prospective basis to the modified Privacy Policy and any changes contained therein .
In case you miss the notification referenced above , be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy .
Our Site is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 13 , and edX does not knowingly collect personal data from those in this age group .
If we become aware that someone under the age of 13 has registered , we will expunge any related Personal Information from our records .
Effective Date : November 4 , 2013

PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY ( last modified : 06/16/2009 )
Buzz-Media.com ( the Site ) provides a photo and video hosting/blogging service to you ( the Service ( s ) ) , subject to the following Privacy Policy , which may be updated from time to time without notice to you .
Your use of the Service constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and creates a binding legal agreement , so read them carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site , and when you access , download , purchase or use any information , services , products or content appearing on the Site .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes .
Any reference to us , our , we or similar words shall refer to this Site and its affiliates thereto .
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It is our policy to respect the privacy of the people who use the Services ( each a User , collectively the Users ) .
Therefore , we will not disclose to any unauthorized third party a User 's name or contact information .
We will also not monitor , edit or disclose the contents of a User 's information unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights or property ; ( 3 ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users or the public ; ( 4 ) to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , illegal , unethical , inappropriate or legally actionable ; or ( 5 ) fix or debug problems with our servers/software/service .
When you register to become a member of the Site and in the course of using the Site , you may voluntarily submit personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your account ( Personal Information ) .
Personal information may include , but is not limited to , your name , phone number and e-mail address .
The Site may also collect Personal Information from you if you choose to opt-in to participate in sweepstakes , surveys , contests or competitions .
When you register with the Site , you create your own profile and privacy settings .
Your profile information , as well as your name , e-mail and photo , are displayed to people you have specified in your privacy settings .
Profile information you submit to the Site , and make public via your privacy settings , will also be available to other users via searching our Site , and may be available to third party search engines .
This is primarily so your friends can find you and the content you create and store on the Site .
We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your screen or user name to the extent that allows others to identify you .
As you use the Site , our servers automatically record information that the browser sends whenever it points to a Site or online service ( Log Data ) .
Log Data may include , but is not limited to , your computer 's Internet Protocol address , browser type , the web page you were visiting before you came to one of the Site and information you search for on a Site .
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is used for the following purposes : ( i ) to provide and improve our services , features and content ; ( ii ) to administer your use of our services and your account ; ( iii ) to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site ; ( iv ) to better understand your needs and interests ; ( v ) to fulfill requests you may make ; ( vi ) to personalize your experience ; ( vii ) to provide service announcements ; and ( viii ) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting , including newsletters , marketing or promotional materials and other information on related services .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications .
Further , you may easily adjust your privacy and e-mail settings via your account settings at any time .
PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSUMER EDUCATION
We do not direct the Site to persons under 13 years of age , and requires Users to be 13 years or older .
Accordingly , we do not knowingly collect or maintain on the Site personally identifying or other information from persons under 13 years of age .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will delete such information from our files .
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask a parent or guardian for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet .
Consumer Education Related to Social Networking
Creating a safe social networking environment is important to us .
While we do not target or knowingly allow users under 18 to use the Service , interested persons may visit the following links created by the Federal Trade Commission to learn more about social networking safety tips :
OTHER INFORMATION/LOGGING AND COOKIES
Like many websites , we use cookies to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use persistent cookies to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site .
We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of our service , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Site .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the services .
We also use the services of a third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you on our behalf when you visit the Site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
In addition to your username , any comments or submissions that you post to the Site will be publicly available .
You post and share your Personal Information and content on the Site at your own risk .
While we go to great lengths to create a safe and enjoyable experience on the Site , we can not control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your content and/or profile information .
In addition , we can not anticipate other users ' ability to circumvent privacy settings .
You understand that , even after removal of your Personal Information and content from the Site , copies of your information may remain viewable in cached or archived Web pages or on the local computers of users who may have downloaded or stored your information .
Even with all the appropriate precautions we take to protect your information , we recommend you refrain from sending private information or Personal Information by e-mail , chat , or other messaging services .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that includes non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling , and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services .
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the our services , to provide the services on our behalf , to perform services related to administration of the Site ( including , without limitation , maintenance , hosting and database management services , web analytics and administration ) .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
We may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
If you choose to invite your friends to use the Site , using our invitation options , we will ask for information such as an e-mail address .
We will automatically send your friend ( s ) a one-time e-mail invitation to visit the Site .
We store this information to send this one-time invitation , and to track the success of this referral feature .
CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
All members may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by logging into their account and changing the user preferences associated with their account .
If you completely delete all such information , your account may be deactivated .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We are concerned with safeguarding your information .
We employ a variety of industry-standard measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access .
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us , please be advised that we transfer Personal Information to the United States and process it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
Please report any violations of this Privacy Policy or make any comments to
You may also contact us by mail to BUZZMEDIA , 6464 W. Sunset Blvd. , # 650 , Hollywood , California 90028 .
Buzz-Media.com ( the Site ) provides a photo and video hosting/blogging service to you ( the Service ( s ) ) , subject to the following Terms of Service ( TOS ) , which may be updated from time to time without notice to you .
Your use of the Service constitutes acceptance of these TOS and creates a binding legal agreement , so read them carefully .
Please note , you must be 13 years or older to use this Service .
Any reference to us , our , we or similar words shall refer to this Site and its affiliates thereto .
You agree that all information provided to us upon registration and at all other times will be true , accurate , current and complete .
You also agree that you ensure this information will be kept up to date at all times .
This especially applies to your email address since we will direct all communication to you about your account to your email address .
We will use the information you provide to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy ( as determined below ) .
PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSUMER EDUCATION
In order to use the Services , you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy of the Site .
Please review the Privacy Policy ( which may be accessed at the Site ) on a regular basis as it may be updated from time to time .
Unless otherwise indicated , all Site materials , including , without limitation , the Site logo , and all designs , text , graphics , other files , and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary and copyrighted property of the Site .
You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using materials it contains for informational and non-commercial , personal use only .
Any other use of the materials in this Site that originated from us including any commercial use , reproduction for purposes other than described above , modification , distribution , republication , display or performance without the prior written permission of us is strictly prohibited .
The Site name and logo are our trademarks , and may not be copied , imitated or used , in whole or in part , without our prior written permission .
In addition , all page headers , custom graphics , button icons and scripts are service marks , trademarks and/or trade dress of the Site , and may not be copied , imitated or used , in whole or in part , without our prior written permission .
USE OF CONTENT SUBMITTED BY YOU
BY UPLOADING , POSTING , SENDING OR SUBMITTING PHOTOGRAPHS , PICTURES , IMAGES OR ANY OTHER CONTENT INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , GRAPHICS , VIDEO , DATA , TEXT , FILES , LINKS , SOFTWARE , MUSIC , SOUND ( CONTENT ) , YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE , DO NOT UPLOAD , POST , SEND OR SUBMIT ANY CONTENT TO THIS SITE .
You agree that any Content you upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available via the Service is non-confidential and that we shall have a perpetual , worldwide , non-exclusive license to use any such Content in connection with the Service and our business ( and any successor ) , including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service ( and derivative works thereof ) in any media formats and through any media channels .
You also hereby grant each User a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Site , and to use , reproduce , distribute , prepare derivative works of , display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Site and under these Terms of Service .
The submission of any materials to us irrevocably waives any and all moral rights in such materials , including the rights of paternity and integrity .
The foregoing license granted by you terminates once you remove or delete Content from the Site .
You understand that all Content posted by Users , whether publicly posted or privately transmitted , are the sole responsibility of the User from which such Content originated .
This means that you , and not us , are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available via the Service .
We do not control the Content posted via the Service and , as such , do not guarantee the accuracy , integrity or quality of such Content .
You understand that by using the Service , you may be exposed to Content that is offensive , indecent or objectionable .
Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content , including , but not limited to , for any errors or omissions in any Content , or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted , emailed , transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service .
You agree to not use the Service to :
a. upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful , harmful , threatening , abusive , harassing , tortuous , defamatory , vulgar , obscene , libelous , invasive of another 's privacy , hateful , or racially , ethnically or otherwise objectionable ;
b. harm minors in any way ;
c. impersonate any person or entity , including , but not limited to , a Site official , forum leader , guide or host , or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity ;
d. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service ;
e. upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships ( such as inside information , proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements ) ;
f. upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent , trademark , trade secret , copyright or other proprietary rights of any party , or which would violate any right of publicity , right of privacy or other right of any party without first obtaining permission of the owner of such right .
This includes group or individual portraits of people taken by professional photographers .
Photos of people may only be used with the permission of the individual whose image is portrayed ( or for minors , the permission of their parent or guardian ) .
This includes celebrities and professional athletes , as well as ordinary citizens ;
g. upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising , promotional materials , junk mail , spam , chain letters , pyramid schemes , or any other form of solicitation ;
h. upload , post , email , link , transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code , files or programs designed to interrupt , destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment ;
i. interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service , or disobey any requirements , procedures , policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service ;
j. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local , state , national or international law , including , but not limited to , regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , any rules of any national or other securities exchange , including , without limitation , the New York Stock Exchange , the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ , and any regulations having the force of law ;
k. stalk or otherwise harass another ;
l. collect or store personal data about other Users ;
m. link to or refer to Content not allowed under these TOS ;
n. otherwise use the service in a manner deemed inappropriate by us .
We retain the right , but not the obligation , to monitor and edit or remove any activity or Content that it deems in its sole discretion to be harmful to Users , us or the rights of any third party , or to violate any applicable law .
This includes the right , but not the obligation , to remove any text or images uploaded by you that we deem in our sole judgment to be inappropriate or that we believe may subject us to any liability , including without limitation the following :
photographs , pictures , images , text or other materials submitted by Users that are protected by trademark , copyright , right of publicity or other proprietary right , without the express permission of the owner of those rights ;
partially or fully nude images of anyone , at any age , of any gender , including sexually suggestive images or words ;
profanity or offensive comments including but not limited to expressions of racism , bigotry or hatred , or that are abusive , slanderous or offensive ;
any illegal material such as expressions of abuse , offensive language and imagery , obscenity or pornography , including , but not limited to , child abuse , child pornography , depictions of minors engaged in sexual conduct or explicitly sexual situations , or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under , or otherwise violate , any applicable law .
LINKING TO OUR SITE
You are granted a limited , non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray us or any of its services in a false , misleading , derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner .
This limited right may be revoked at any time .
You may not use , frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademarks , logos or other proprietary information , including the images found at the Site , the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page without our express written consent .
Further , you may not use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing our name , trademark or product name without our express written consent .
Except as noted above , you are not conveyed any right or license by implication , estoppel or otherwise in or under any of our patent , trademark , copyright or proprietary rights or any third party .
We make no claim or representation regarding , and accepts no responsibility for the quality , content , nature or reliability of web sites linking to this Site .
We may provide links to web pages and content of third parties ( Third Party Content ) as a service to those interested in this information .
We do not monitor , nor does it have any control over , any Third Party Content .
We do not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness .
We make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such Third Party Content , or any information contained therein , and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content .
When leaving the Site , you should be aware that the TOS no longer govern , and , therefore , you should review the applicable terms and policies , including privacy and data gathering practices , of that particular site .
Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk .
CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT ; DESIGNATED AGENT
If you believe that any material on the Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control , or that any link on the Site directs users to another web site that contains material that infringes upon any copyright that you own or control , you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent .
Please see NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFYING DESIGNATED AGENT OF CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT .
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFYING DESIGNATED AGENT OF CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT .
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed .
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed , or , if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification , a representative list of such works at that site .
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled , and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material .
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party , such as an address , telephone number , and , if available , an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted .
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law .
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate , and under penalty of perjury , that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed .
Should you fail to comply with all of the aforementioned requirements in your notice , your notice may not be valid .
It is our policy to terminate the accounts and/or membership of Users who are repeat infringers or who are repeatedly charged with infringement , in appropriate circumstances .
After receipt of your termination notice , we will terminate your account .
We may terminate your access to the Services or your registration at any time in the event of a breach of these TOS by User or anyone accessing the Services using registered User 's username .
We , at our sole discretion , may also terminate these TOS at any time without cause , and may suspend access to the Service with or without notice , to any User .
User agrees to indemnify and hold us , our parents , friends , affiliates , officers and employees , harmless from any claim or demand , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of User 's use of the Site , the violation of these TOS by User , or the infringement by User , or any other user of User 's account , of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity .
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT :
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK .
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS .
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT .
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT ( i ) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS , ( ii ) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED , TIMELY , SECURE , MALWARE-FREE OR ERROR-FREE , ( iii ) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE , ( iv ) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS , SERVICES , INFORMATION , OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS , AND ( V ) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED .
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED , ACCESSED , VIEWED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL .
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION , WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN , OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THE SITE OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS .
We reserve the right to change any and all content contained on the Site at any time without notice .
Reference to any products , services , processes or other information , by trade name , trademark , manufacturer , supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement , sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us .
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO , DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS , GOODWILL , USE , DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES ( EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES ) , RESULTING FROM : ( i ) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE ; ( ii ) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS , DATA , INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE ; ( iii ) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA ; ( iv ) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE ; OR ( v ) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE .
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES .
ACCORDINGLY , SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU .
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail .
The Service may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service .
The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and us and governs your use of the Service , superseding any prior agreements between you and us .
You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use our affiliate services , third-party content or third-party software .
The TOS and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Los Angeles , California .
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision .
If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid , the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties ' intentions as reflected in the provision , and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect .
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary , any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one ( 1 ) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred .
The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect .
Please report any violations of the TOS or make any comments to

Demand Media , Inc .
Privacy and Information Security Policy
Effective Date : September 22 , 2011
eHow.com is owned and operated by Demand Media , Inc. ( eHow or We or Us ) . eHow is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all our users .
This Privacy Policy ( the Policy ) discusses the personally identifying information ( PII ) that we collect about you through eHow 's website , which includes all of the eHow.com articles and videos and other services we provide on the website ( collectively , the Site ) .
Please read the complete Policy below and contact us if you have any questions .
This Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use of the Site .
If you are not comfortable with this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use , please do not provide us with PII or other information or content or otherwise use the Site .
What information may be collected by eHow , and how is it collected
Type of Information We Collect .
We use Facebook Login so you can use your existing Facebook.com account to access the features of the Site .
You must explicitly authorize Facebook to share your information with us when you first login to the Site with your Facebook credentials .
You should review your privacy settings on your Facebook account because those settings determine and govern what PII may be made available to us when you access the Site .
While Facebook Login allows us to access a variety of information about you based on your Facebook account 's privacy settings , we only access PII which we feel is useful to enhance your experience of the Site , including your name , gender and location .
We may also collect any information you enter on the Site or give us in any other way ( such as through an email , survey , or letter ) .
If you formerly maintained a user profile on the Site through a predecessor user registration form , that user profile will no longer be accessible except for users who participated in the Writer Compensation Program ( `` WCP '' ) .
See Section 6 of the Terms of Use for more information about the WCP .
Information in Public Areas of the Site .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily provide information in public areas of the Site , that information can be viewed and possibly used by others .
We therefore advise users not to disclose contact information , including phone number , email address , street address or instant messenger address ( within these public areas ) that they do not wish to share .
We are not responsible for PII you choose to submit in these public areas .
Like many websites , we use `` cookies . ''
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser .
We use persistent , identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you .
While you can take steps to warn off , block or disable cookies , if you do , the Site may not function and appear as we have designed it .
Nonetheless , if you want to take these steps , you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser .
Our cookies do not collect PII that you provide to us during the registration process , but they do collect other information such as the following :
the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet address of the site from which you direct-linked to ours ;
the date and time you access the Site and pages you visit ;
your computer 's IP address and information about its operating system , platform and the Web browser type and version you use ;
demographic and other non-personally identifiable profile information about you ; and
information to combat fraud or misuse .
In our emails to you , we may use `` pixel tags '' to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted email ( this helps us optimize the size of our email messages and conserve bandwidth ) .
Collection of Information by Third Parties .
Our Site may include third-party advertising , links to other websites , and other content from third party businesses .
The content posted by these parties will be reasonably identifiable as coming from a third party .
We do not provide any PII to these advertisers , third-party websites , or other businesses , although on occasion we may mutually share non-personally identifiable ( e.g . demographic ) information to facilitate delivery of relevant advertisements .
These third-party websites , businesses , and advertisers , or advertising companies working on their behalf , sometimes use technology to deliver ( or `` serve '' ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) , and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize or optimize advertising content .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use , and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites or businesses are not covered by this Policy but are covered by their respective privacy policies .
Some , but not all , third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology .
Click here to adjust your advertising preferences
Promotions , Sweepstakes , and Contests .
From time to time , we may host a promotion , sweepstake , or contest on the Site .
You may be asked to provide PII or permit the transfer to a third party of your PII in connection with such promotion , sweepstake or contest .
It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy statement applies , and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer or collection of PII to a third party .
What Does eHow Do With Collected Information
Use of PII .
We may use your PII for purposes such as responding to your requests , monitoring and providing the Site , maintaining your account , providing you with advertising and non-advertising content on the Site that we believe would be of interest to you , enforcing our rights and the rights of third parties , and investigating and ensuring compliance with the Terms of Use .
Users can unsubscribe from any newsletters or opt out of various promotional e-mailings they may have consented to at any time by sending an e-mail to the same address , or by clicking on `` unsubscribe '' links in each of our newsletters or emails .
We reserve the right to send you customary business communications such as acceptance/rejection notices regarding content submissions , general system and administrative messages regarding the Site , address confirmations , and transactional information about your account , and we may not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications so long as you are registered with the Site .
However , we provide you with the opportunity to choose not to receive other types of communications , such as friend requests or the eHow of the day messages .
If you want to update your email address or stop receiving our eHow of the day messages , you may opt out these messages by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email , or visiting the `` Edit My Settings '' page on the Site .
You may also opt-out of receiving email notifications of friend requests on this page .
Use of Other Information .
We use non-PII about our users for purposes such as measuring the number of visitors to sections of our Site , making the Site more useful to visitors and delivering targeted advertising and non-advertising content .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the Site , track a user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate , non-personally identifiable use .
Retention of Information .
We retain information for as long as required , allowed or we believe it useful , but do not undertake retention obligations .
We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice , subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information .
You must keep your own , separate back-up records .
Subject to the terms of this Policy , we reserve the right to the following worldwide : use , access ( or bar access to ) , process , disclose , display , share , transfer , store , sell , retain , commingle , investigate , verify , prove , and otherwise deal with , voluntarily or as required by law , ( collectively Disclose ) all PII , non-PII and other information .
We may Disclose the foregoing internally to third parties or through any databases for any purpose not prohibited by this Policy or , in our discretion , to help prevent or address perceived harm , damage or loss to us or others or to respond to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process .
We reserve the right to send you customary business communications ( i.e . acceptance/rejection notices regarding content submissions , general system and administrative messages , etc . ) without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
However , we provide you with the opportunity to elect not to receive other types of communications , such as friend requests or the eHow of the day messages .
If you want to update your email address or stop receiving our eHow of the day messages , you may opt out these messages by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email .
You may also opt-out of receiving e-mail notifications of friend requests on this page .
Does Demand Media Share Information With Other Parties
We share information with third parties , but only as described in this Section 3 .
Advertisers and Others .
We share non-personally identifiable information with advertisers , service providers , and other persons with whom we conduct business .
Similarly , these advertisers , service providers , and other persons may share with us non-PII about you that they have independently gathered or acquired .
Third Party Services .
We contract with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties to provide services to us or to you on our behalf .
Examples include providing marketing assistance , providing customer service , sending emails to you , removing repetitive information from customer lists , and analysing data .
These third parties may have access to your PII , but will be required to use this information solely in connection with these authorised business activities .
As we develop our business , we might sell or buy businesses or their assets , or engage in transfers , acquisitions , mergers , restructurings , changes of control or similar transactions .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets , and your PII may be subject to such a transfer .
Also , in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , PII may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser .
We may share PII , non-PII and other information with our corporate affiliates .
Corporate affiliates are those entities that we control , are controlled by us , or are under common control with us and any joint venture in which any of the controlled entities may participate from time to time .
Any use of your information by our corporate affiliates is subject to this Policy or another policy no less protective of your privacy .
Conversely , we may obtain information about you from our corporate affiliates or from your visits to other websites that we or our corporate affiliates control .
Compliance and Safety .
We may release user information when we believe release is appropriate to : comply with applicable law , and to respond to legal requests and to respond to or otherwise address written complaints of copyright infringement ;
make disclosures under programs intended to prevent potential crimes or investigate persons ;
enforce or apply agreements , including the Terms and Conditions of Use ; or
protect the rights , property , or safety of our Site , our users , or others , including exchanging information with other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
How Secure Is My Information
You must protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer .
Please sign off when you have finished using a shared computer .
Your emails to us are not necessarily secure against interception so do not include sensitive information in them .
We \ will not ask for passwords in an email and you should assume that if you get such a request , it might be fraudulent .
YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
Our Security Measures .
We take reasonable precautions to protect the security of our users ' information .
We have physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to help safeguard , prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use your information .
However , neither people nor security systems are foolproof , including encryption systems .
In addition , people can commit intentional crimes , make mistakes or fail to follow policies .
Therefore , while we use reasonable efforts to protect your PII , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
What About Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects your PII .
This Policy applies only to information collected by the Site .
What Does Demand Media Do When This Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to change our Policy at any time .
Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately .
If we make non-material changes , we will indicate at the top of this page the revised Policy 's new effective date .
If we make material changes , we will notify you by email or through notice on the home page of the Site , and will also indicate so at the top of this page .
The material changes will take effect 30 days after such notice .
We encourage you to refer to this Policy at least every 30 days to check for material changes to this Policy .
Your PII may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area to us for processing .
Any transfer of your PII is done in circumstances ensuring that your data is processed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
What If I Have Other Questions Or Concerns About Privacy Or This Policy
We utilize the self-assessment approach to assure our compliance with our privacy statement .
We periodically verify that the policy is accurate , comprehensive for the information intended to be covered , prominently displayed , completely implemented , and in conformity with the Principles .
We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns with us using the contact information below .
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy .
If you have any concern or complaint about privacy at the Site , please contact us at Demand Media , Inc .
Legal Department , 5808 Lake Washington Blvd .
We will do our best to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions and resolve your concerns .
In the unfortunate and unlikely event that we can not resolve your concerns , we have contracted with BBBOnline as a dispute resolution provider .
For customer service matters ( including questions relating to this Policy ) , you may email via our contact form .
Demand Media and eHow are registered trademarks of Demand Media , Inc. in the United States and other countries .
Demand Media , Inc .

TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
This Privacy Policy hereby incorporates by reference all terms , conditions rules , policies and guidelines on the Site , including the Elance Terms of Service ( `` Terms of Service '' ) .
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Service .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 31 , 2012 .
Your use or continued use of the Site or Tracker ( as defined below ) after such time will signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy .
We reserve the right to modify the provisions in this Privacy Policy without prior notice to you , so please check back often for updates .
Elance , Inc .
This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information and Anonymous Information you submit to us through our Site .
This Privacy Policy applies only to Users ; it does not apply to any information about companies or organizations that use the Site Services .
The Sections titled `` Tracker Software '' apply to you if you have downloaded Tracker .
In addition , if you are a person who is only visiting the Site ( a `` Visitor '' ) , the provisions titled `` Consent , '' `` This Site Contains Links to Other Sites , '' `` Automatically Gathered Information '' ( applicable parts only ) , `` Legal Requests '' and `` Anonymous Information '' apply to you .
`` Personal Information '' is information about you that is personally identifiable to you , like your name , address , email address or phone number , as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing .
`` Anonymous Information '' means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information ; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We may create Anonymous Information from ( i ) automatically gathered information or ( ii ) Personal Information by excluding information ( such as names ) that make the information personally identifiable to you .
Elance has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Elance complies with the U.S.-E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland respectively .
By submitting Personal Information through the Site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy .
Your Personal Information may be processed by Elance in the country where it was collected , as well as other countries ( including the United States ) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as Site Services change and expand .
If we make substantial changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated policy on this page and we will post notice that this Privacy Policy has changed in the Settings area of the Site and in this policy .
The notification of revised terms will appear on the website 30 days prior to the changes taking place .
Once any changes that we make to this Privacy Policy become effective , your continued use of the Site after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms .
This Site Contains Links to Other Sites
Elance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which the Site links or to which link to the Site .
By clicking on a link , logo or other item , or using certain services available on the Site , including the online communication services , please note that you may no longer be on the Elance Site .
To check what Internet location you are on , note the URL at the top and/or bottom of your browser .
We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of that website whenever interacting with any website .
This area of the Site is for the benefit of Users .
The private and shared Workroom areas of the Site facilitate communication and the exchange and sharing of information between Clients and Contractors once a bid has been accepted .
The information contained in private Workrooms shared between Clients and Contractors is not used for any purposes other than to facilitate communication and the exchange of information between the parties involved .
Elance reserves the right to monitor communications in the Workroom in order to verify compliance with our Terms of Service , international , federal or state laws and/or our other stated policies .
If you register to buy or sell services using Elance , we collect and store Personal Information that specifically identifies you or your Account .
At this time , the most information you would be required to submit is your first name , last name , User ID , password , preferred currency , street address , city , state , zip/postal code , country , phone number , email address and valid financial Account information .
Other information requested on our Registration page , including the ability to receive promotional offers from Elance , is optional .
We may , in the future , include other optional requests for information from you to help us to tailor the Site for you and deliver personalized information to you .
Without your agreement , we will not share , rent or sell any Personal Information with third parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , to post a first-time project , Elance requires Members to pay an Employer Activation fee via the Elance Payment System and consequently we might collect your credit card number and/or other financial account information as described in the section entitled `` The Elance Payment System '' below .
Credit card information is transmitted via SSL ( `` Secure Socket Layer '' ) encryption for your protection .
If you are a User of a Team Account , the information you provide to the Site may be accessible to other Users of the Account under which your Team Account was added , and Users of all related Team Accounts .
If you sign up under the Elance Referral Program , you will be required to provide : a User ID , a password , email address , city , state , country and zip/postal code .
It further requests the URL of your Web site , the number of registered Users on your Site , and a brief general description of your Site .
We will use this information for our own internal purposes , including evaluating and developing new features that better meet the needs of our affiliates .
We will use the email address that you provide to us to contact you regarding the status of your Account , and we will use the address that you provide to us to send you any payments owed to you under the terms of the Referral Program .
Online Surveys and Contests
Occasionally , Elance conducts a User survey to collect information about our Users ' preferences .
These surveys are optional and if you choose to respond , your responses will be kept anonymous .
Similarly , we may offer contests to qualifying Users in which we ask for contact and demographic information such as name , email address and mailing address .
None of this information is shared with third parties , except in summary form , if at all .
The demographic information that Elance collects in the registration process and through surveys is used to help us improve Site Services to meet the needs and preferences of our Users .
This may include targeting advertising to you about Site Services .
Information we gather through a contest may also be disclosed to third parties as necessary for prize fulfillment and other aspects of any contest or similar offering .
The Elance Payment System
The Elance Payment Service requires Members to pay with a credit card , wire transfer , ACH or debit card , check , or PayPal .
Consequently , Elance will collect your credit card number and/or other entered financial institution information such as bank account numbers or PayPal email ID and will use that information to bill your Contractor membership fee and/or to perform the billing operation on behalf of the Contractor , including but not limited to the use and disclosure of such credit card number and information to third parties as necessary to complete such billing operation .
Verification of credit information , however , is accomplished solely by the User through the authentication process .
Third Party Service Providers and Agents
We use credit card and other payment processing companies to bill you for goods and services and email marketing companies to send emails from Elance to opt-in users .
We will share your Personal Information as necessary for third parties to provide these services .
These companies do not retain , share , store or use Personal Information for any other purposes .
Elance automatically collects browser type and browser software version to tailor the presentation of the Site and the Site Services to the Visitor 's or User 's platform and to maintain a record of the User 's or Visitor 's activity on the Site .
As an automatic process , our Web server software records a log file of IP addresses that access the Site .
We also collect IP address information but do not ordinarily link IP addresses to Users ' Personal Information .
However , we can and will use IP addresses to identify a User when we , in our sole discretion , determine that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service , Site , customers or others .
When you use the Site , Elance collects information about your Account transactions and Elance may collect information about your computer for fraud prevention purposes .
Finally , Elance may collect additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here .
For example , Elance may collect information related to your contact with Elance Customer Service or store results when you respond to a survey .
When you use the Site , Elance or our contractors may place small data files called cookies on your computer .
Elance uses cookies to enable Users to specify unique preferences and to track Visitor and User use of the site , including trends and patterns .
Elance sends a session cookie to your computer when you log in to your Account .
This type of cookie helps if you visit multiple pages on the Site during the same session , so that you do n't need to enter your password on each page .
Once you log out or close your browser , this cookie expires .
Elance also uses longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to display your project related information .
Elance encodes our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them .
Users and Visitors always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences .
If you disable cookies on your browser , please note that some parts of our Site may not function as effectively or may be considerably slower .
Email to Friends Feature and Referral Program
Elance lets you easily send project postings to friends via email .
Elance also offers the ability to send friends emails about providing or purchasing services through Elance .
If you choose to use either feature , be assured that Elance only uses your friends ' email addresses on a one-time basis to send the requested posting , and we use your email address to copy you on the message or to send on your behalf .
Your friends ' email addresses will be deleted from our database after the message is sent .
As part of registration , you may set up a Profile describing your experience and qualifications .
After becoming a member , in order to place bids , you must create a Profile , and in order to create a Profile , you will be required to provide some information about your company or business .
If you decide to offer a service , potential clients may review your Profile to help them decide whether to make a bid on your service .
Information in your Profile is available for any other registered User to access .
We will not have any obligation under this Privacy Policy with respect to information in your Profile or information you voluntarily provide to other Users via the Site .
If you are a Freelancer on the Site , you may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal .
If you install the Tracker software ( `` Tracker '' ) on your client computer , Tracker may record the visual output ( `` Screenshot '' ) of your computer .
The Screenshot may include the entire visual output of your computer , including , without limitation , all programs , windows , backgrounds , taskbars , system trays , multiple screens , title bars , menus , graphics , screen savers , and any information , images , and text therein .
This feature is known as Work View ( `` Work View '' ) , and you have the ability to activate and deactivate this feature as provided by Tracker .
Tracker may automatically transfer Screenshots to Elance when Work View is activated .
Tracker will notify you of such transfers via the system tray .
Please remember to deactivate Work View , as Tracker may continue to automatically transfer Screenshots without deactivation .
You acknowledge and agree that Screenshots may include any and all information on your screen , including your confidential information .
If you do not want your confidential information to be included in a Screenshot , please do not access such information on your computer while you have Work View activated .
Tracker may also transfer information about your Account and computer to Elance .
You may provide Elance information when you interact with us through email , online chat , or otherwise .
We may retain such information in order to provide you with Site Services , including for diagnosing technical issues .
How We Use and Disclose Information
We use Personal Information for our own internal purposes including contacting you via email to inform you about updates to Site Services and providing you with information relating to e-commerce transactions that you conduct on the Site .
We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law .
We do not rent or sell our Users ' Personal Information to third parties .
We do , however , provide you with the opportunity to receive newsletters via email .
If you decide to opt in to receive newsletters , you may opt out of receiving these newsletters at any time by clicking on your Preferences and choosing Email Notifications to Unsubscribe .
We may send you email communications including information that we think may be of interest to you .
You may opt out of receiving these email communications either when you register to become a Member or via the Preferences section of your Settings area .
We do not send any of your Personal Information to our advertisers .
Elance 's Contractors and Partners
To the extent necessary to provide you with the services on the Site , we may provide your Personal Information to third party contractors and/or partners who work on behalf of or with Elance to provide you with such services , to help us communicate with you or to maintain the Site .
We share the email addresses of Contractors and Clients to each other once a project is awarded on our Site to enable work on the project to be completed .
In addition , Members involved in a transaction may request full contact information of the other party , including name , company name , phone number and mailing address .
If you request the contact information of another User , your contact information will also be released to that User .
If another User requests your contact information , we will disclose it to him or her .
You agree not to use the disclosed information of other Users for any purpose other than providing the applicable services or resolving a dispute .
We may use the information collected and transferred to us by Tracker to determine whether Elance will guarantee payment for your work .
Elance may disclose your Tracker information to your Clients .
You will have the ability to choose which Screenshots are disclosed to the Client ( and that will affect whether Elance will guarantee payment for that work ) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , Clients will have the ability to view any Screenshots transferred to the Workroom until you choose not to share such Screenshots .
Elance may use other information transferred by Tracker , such as your Account and computer information , to provide you services or improve our Site Services .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set cookies to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Elance cooperates with law enforcement inquiries , as well as other third parties to enforce laws , such as : intellectual property rights , fraud , theft , harassment and other rights .
We can ( and you authorize us to ) disclose any information about you , including the content of your online communications , if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Elance or third parties ; ( c ) assist in an investigation ; or ( d ) respond to an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of Users or other persons .
Although we currently do not have a parent company , any subsidiaries , joint ventures or other companies under a common control ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) , we may in the future .
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates , in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy .
If our company or our assets related to the Site are acquired by another company , we will attempt to notify you so that you may make an informed decision about this new use of your Personal Information .
See the `` Notification of Changes '' section above to find out how we will notify you .
We may use Anonymous Information to analyze inquiry , request and usage patterns so that we may enhance our services and the Site .
We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our discretion .
Comments Submitted by Users
Elance constantly seeks to improve the quality of the services we provide and the User experience on the Site .
We value your input and encourage you to help us expand and make improvements to the Site by providing us with any thoughts or comments you might have regarding our services or the operation of the Site .
You can submit any comments you have to us by clicking on the link `` Email us '' at the top of most of the pages on the Site .
The `` Email Us '' page asks for your email address and Username .
Your Username is optional .
If you provide this information , we will only use it to acknowledge or respond to your comments .
Submitting comments via email will not cause you to receive any secondary or promotional material , unless specifically requested by you .
In certain circumstances , we may ask for your permission to post your comments in marketing or promotional materials .
We will use commercially reasonable methods to keep Personal Information securely in our files and systems .
Our Payment System is operated using secure Internet connections , using SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) encryption , to help protect your financial data .
Please note that with current technology , we can not guarantee the security of your data as it travels over the Internet .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about Visitors who are under the age of 13 .
We save your Personal Information until your membership with us is terminated and you unsubscribe to email notifications .
To terminate your membership , contact Customer Support .
If you terminate your membership , your Personal Information can not be recovered .
You may continue to receive email communications for a short period of time until we have updated all of our databases .
After termination of your membership , your Personal Information may remain on our archived database and records .
Notwithstanding the above , we will maintain information on Users who have been removed for violating our Membership Agreement .
Correcting/Updating Your Information and Opting Out
This Site gives the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided :
You may update your registration information using the Preferences page , under Settings , in the Elance navigation bar after you register .
You may update your credit card information using the Account page , under the Settings section of the Site .
This Site provides Users the opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us , Elance newsletters and other Site information using Preferences , Email Notifications under the Settings section of the Site or by contacting Customer Support .
However , you may not opt out of receiving administrative communications from Elance regarding the Site Services or the Site , except by terminating your membership .
In addition , you may not opt out of Elance sending you legal notices related to Site Services or the Site .
For other requests , please contact us at Customer Support , or at the following address : Elance , Inc .
Mountain View , CA 94043
We will respond within 30 days .
If you wish to report a violation of the Terms of Service , have any questions or need assistance , please contact Elance Customer Support as follows :
Phone : ( Mon-Fri , 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Pacific Time ; Sat-Sun , 8 a.m. - 12 p.m . Noon Pacific Time ) : 1-877-4-ELANCE ( 1-877-435-2623 )

Elsevier is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to the privacy of the personal information we collect from you .
Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our practices about how we collect , use and share your personal information .
About our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how the personal information that is collected when you visit the Elsevier website , application or product that posts a link to this privacy policy ( `` Service '' ) will be used by the Elsevier company that owns the Service ( `` Elsevier , '' `` we , '' `` us '' or `` our '' ) .
This policy may be supplemented by additional privacy terms or notices set forth on certain areas of the Service .
The Service collects information from you in two ways : directly from your input and automatically through the Service 's technologies .
The types of personal information that the Service collects directly from you may include :
Contact details , such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number ;
Educational and professional background information ;
Usernames and passwords ;
Payment information , such as a credit or debit card number ;
Comments , feedback , posts and other content you submit to the Service ; and
Interests and communication preferences .
In order to access certain content and to make use of additional functionality and features of the Service , we ask you to register for an account by completing and submitting a registration form , which may request additional information .
If you choose to register and sign in by using a third party account ( such as your Facebook account ) , the authentication of your login is handled by the third party and the Service will collect your name , email address and any other information about your third-party account that you agree to share with us at the time you give permission for your account on the Service to be linked to your third party account .
The Service also automatically collects , through our servers and the use of cookies ( small text files sent to your computer ) , web beacons ( also known as clear or single pixel .gifs ) and other technologies , information that tells us how you use the Service , such as :
Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ;
Computer , device and connection information , such as browser type and version , operating system , mobile platform and unique device identifier ( `` UDID '' ) and other technical identifiers ;
Uniform Resource Locator ( `` URL '' ) click stream data , including date and time stamp , referring and exit URLs , search terms you used , and pages you visited or searched for on the Service ; and
For location-aware services , the physical location of your device in order to provide you with more relevant content for where you are in the world .
We may use and disclose information that does not reveal your identity or permit direct association with any specific individual , such as browser and device information , anonymous usage data and aggregated information , for any purpose , except where we are restricted by law .
If we combine non-personal information with personal information , the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined .
You can control cookies through your browser 's settings and other tools .
However , if you block certain cookies , you may not be able to register , login to the Service , access certain parts of the Service or make full use of the Service .
Use of Your Information
We may use your personal information to :
Provide the Service to you , such as allow access to or delivery of our products or services , process or fulfill an order or transaction , or administer surveys or promotional programs ;
Respond to your requests , inquiries , comments or concerns ;
Provide technical , product and other support and help keep the Service working , safe and secure ;
Offer you customized content and individualized personalization of the Service to make it more relevant to your interests and needs ;
Enhance , evaluate and improve the Service , its advertisements and promotional campaigns and our products and services and to develop new products and services ;
Identify and analyze usage trends , including for the purposes of research , audits , reporting and paying royalties and license fees to third-party content providers ;
Notify you about changes or updates to the Service and our products and services ; and
Provide you special offers , promotions , surveys and other information about the Service as well as products , events and services of ours , our affiliates and non-affiliated third parties such as societies and sponsors .
We may on occasion also match or combine the personal information that you provide with information that we obtain from other sources or that is already in our records , whether collected online or offline or by predecessor or affiliated group companies , for the purposes described above .
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share your personal information with :
Relevant agents , representatives , joint venturers , and entities for which we are acting as an agent , licensee or publisher , such as societies and sponsors ;
Applicable suppliers and service providers , including editors , reviewers , credit card processors , customer support , email service providers , mailing houses and shipping agents , and IT service providers ; and
to assist us with producing and delivering our products and services , developing and operating our businesses , systems and applications , processing payments , customer support , marketing , promotion and communications and for other purposes set forth in this privacy policy .
We also may share your personal information with our affiliated group companies worldwide and with societies , sponsors and other non-affiliated third parties that wish to send you information about their products and services that may be of interest to you as determined by your choices in managing your communications preferences following the process described below .
If the Service offers a content database or learning service ( `` Subscription Service '' ) and you access the Subscription Service through an institution-sponsored subscription , your personal information and certain usage data gathered through the Subscription Service , such as the number of items you downloaded , any non-subscribed items you accessed , and test scores , may be shared with your institution for the purposes of usage analysis , subscription management , course management and testing and remediation .
If your institution is a corporation or other business entity , additional usage data , such as the types of records you viewed and the number of searches you ran , also may be shared for the purposes of cost attribution and departmental budgeting .
We also may need to disclose your personal information :
to respond to or comply with any law , regulation , subpoena , court order or other legal obligation ;
to enforce and protect our rights and properties ;
to detect , investigate and help prevent security threats , fraud or other malicious activity ;
to protect the rights , property or safety of our users , employees or others ; and
if Elsevier , the Service or a related asset or line of business is acquired by , transferred to or merged with another company .
The Service may let you post and share personal information , comments , materials and other content .
Any information you disclose publicly may be collected and used by others , may be indexable by search engines , and might not be able to be removed .
Please be careful when disclosing personal information in these public areas .
Your Choices and Communications Preferences
You can manage your communications preferences when you register with the Service , by updating your account preferences , by using the `` opt-out '' or unsubscribe mechanism or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us or by contacting us .
We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Service whenever necessary .
Access to and Accuracy of Your Information
The Service may allow registered users to access their account information and make corrections or updates upon log in at any time .
The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user .
You may also request access to other personal information about you that may be held in the Service .
If you request to deactivate your account or delete your personal information , we will endeavor to fulfill your request but some personal information may persist in backup copies for a certain period of time and may be retained as necessary for legitimate business purposes or to comply with our legal obligations .
Elsevier takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft and misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction through the use of appropriate administrative , physical and technical security measures .
Cross-Border Transfer of Your Information
Your personal information may be transferred to other countries for processing .
By using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , which may have different personal data protection rules than in your country .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time .
Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date .
If you have any questions , comments or requests regarding this privacy policy or our processing of your information , please contact :
Elsevier Data Protection Officer
This privacy policy was last updated on 19 December 2013 .

Home Footer Items Privacy Policy
Information collection and use Why do we need your personal information ?
How do we use your personal information ? To whom do we disclose your personal information ?
Consent Withdrawing your consent
Correction / updating of personal information Access to your personal information
Transfer of your personal information Notification of changes
Information collection and use
Emirates Group ( `` Emirates '' ) includes any and all of the following entities and/or divisions : Emirates , dnata , dnata World Travel , Emirates Skycargo , Emirates Skywards , Emirates Holidays , Arabian Adventures , Wolgan Valley Resort & Spa and their associated brands and/or companies from time to time .
A list is available upon request from : Corporate Communications , Emirates Group Headquarters , PO Box 686 , Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
We are responsible for the processing of any personal information you provide to this Web site and we are notified where required in each country under the relevant data protection legislation of that country .
We take our responsibilities regarding the protection of personal information very seriously .
This policy explains how we use personal information that we may obtain about you .
Why do we need your personal information
When you use services provided on this web site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your name , contact details , and/or debit/credit card details .
We will store this information and hold it on computers or otherwise .
We will use this information in the following ways :
To fulfill our agreement with you , including processing your flight , sending you your itinerary , or contacting you if there is a problem with your reservation ;
To register you with our web site and administer our Web site services where you have registered to receive these .
You can unsubscribe from these services at any time ( see Choice/Opt-out below ) ;
To administer any contest or other promotional offer you may enter and notify winners ;
To answer any queries which you may send to us by email ;
In order to conduct customer satisfaction surveys ;
To meet our legal compliance obligations ;
For crime prevention and detection ; and
For direct marketing purposes , as set out in detail below .
We need to know the names of all passengers travelling .
If you are booking a flight on behalf of someone else , you must obtain their consent to use their personal information .
We proceed on the basis that you have obtained this consent .
How do we use your personal information
Information you provide or that is obtained by us will be used by us to enable us to review , develop and improve the services which we offer and provide you and other customers ( via mail , email telephone or otherwise ) with information about new products and services and special offers we think you will find valuable .
We may also inform you about new products and services and special offers of selected third parties .
If you would like to receive details of our new services and special offers , you can click here to register .
To whom do we disclose your personal information
Emirates does not sell , or trade your personal information to third parties .
We may give information about you as follows :
Emirates may provide its third party service providers and processors with access to your personal information .
These services providers may include : credit card verification providers , our data warehouse and customer relationship management centre , marketing organizations , who may provide support marketing and promotional communications ; internet service providers who administer our web page and provide internet services and host our facilities ; chauffeurs , car services agencies , and consumer research companies that assist Emirates with understanding consumer interests by conducting surveys .
Emirates only shares your personal information to the extent required for the performance of such services .
Emirates has implemented safeguards to ensure that our service providers treat personal information in a way that is consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement and that it is never used except to fulfill services to Emirates .
Emirates may also disclose your personal information as permitted or required by law .
For example , Emirates will disclose personal information to those governmental bodies who have authority to obtain it , in order to comply with a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction , and to comply with record production requirements .
In the event of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Emirates , Emirates may transfer personal information in its control to a third party purchaser that agrees to use personal information for the same reasons identified in this Privacy Statement .
to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you ;
to customs and/or immigration departments or other regulatory authorities in your country of departure and/or destination ( or countries we overfly during your journey ) in order to comply with the law in those countries ;
if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so ;
to our employees and agents to do any of the above on our behalf , now or in the future .
If you choose not to provide certain personal information we request , you will still be able to visit our web site but you may be unable to access certain options or services .
By choosing to provide Emirates with your personal information you are consenting to its use in accordance with the principles outlined in this Privacy Statement and as outlined at the time you are asked to provide any personal information .
Emirates may contact you by phone or email in order to provide you with updates pertaining to its services as well as information about additional offers , products or events that Emirates believes may be of interest to you .
You can choose to unsubscribe to these updates or from having your personal information used for market research purposes .
All marketing communications Emirates sends to you will provide you with a way to withdraw your consent .
If you no longer wish to receive promotional materials you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking here , this will remove you from Emirates mail lists .
You will always be notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties .
We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party , or not .
Please note that if you do not consent to Emirates ' use and disclosure of your personal information , this may affect our ability to provide you with particular products and services .
We will take appropriate steps to protect the personal information you share with us .
We have implemented technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your personal information .
We may aggregate personal information and remove any identifying elements in order to analyze patterns and improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to analyze website use , to improve our content and product offerings , and to customize our site 's content , layout and services .
We gather certain usage information like the number and frequency of visitors to this site .
This information may include which URL you just came from , which URL you next go to , what browser you are using , and your IP address .
We only use such data in the aggregate .
This collective data helps us to determine how much our customers use parts of the site , and do internal research on our users ' demographics , interests , and behaviour to better understand and serve you .
A cookie is a small bit of text used by a browser to store information .
When you visit a site that uses cookies , the Web server will request permission to pass a cookie to your browser .
If accepted , it will occupy only a few bytes on your hard drive and can improve your Web surfing experience .
Emirates uses cookies to track customer visits through our site .
This information enables us to save you time when returning to the site by saving your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit .
Cookies can not profile your system or collect information from your hard drive .
And although you may receive cookies from many different sites , each cookie can only be read by the Web server that originally issued it .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , but you can set your browsers to refuse cookies .
Our web site may contain links to other web sites .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites not operated by us or an entity in the `` Emirates Group '' .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our web site .
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , we will provide a way to correct , update or remove your personal information provided to us .
Correction / updating of personal information
Access to your personal information
You have the right to see personal information we keep about you .
We will endeavour to provide the information you require within a reasonable time .
There may be a small monetary charge for some requests , depending on the information requested .
If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us .
Transfer of your personal information
Some parties that process or store personal information may be located in jurisdictions outside your country of residence .
Therefore , your information may be processed and stored in these jurisdictions and , as a result , foreign governments , courts , or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws in these countries .
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement , we will post those changes on our web site so you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify you by way of an email .
You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which the information was collected .
If you have a query regarding your online booking or encountered any problems whilst making your booking , please contact us by completing this form .
If you experience any technical problems during your interaction with this web site , please contact your local Emirates office .

Last revision : December , 2013
Enjin provides guild hosting and clan website hosting .
Enjin has been developed for all gamers , clans , guilds , and gaming communities , to organize and stay connected through the creation of gaming websites and profiles .
This Privacy Policy is designed to articulate our privacy policies and how we collect and use the information you choose to share .
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time and without any notice .
Please note , that by using Enjin Services you accept this policy .
Enjin collects information that you choose to disclose , and information while you interact with our services .
For all visitors , we may collect and store information through `` cookies '' such as your IP and browser type .
A `` cookie '' is a data segment or message which contains information about a user .
We use session ID cookies to confirm if users are logged in .
For your privacy we terminate these session ID cookies every 30 days or you may clear your cookies in your browser at anytime .
While using Enjin the information you provide and we collect is retained to enhance the services that we provide .
We may store information prior to any updates you may make to your account as well .
The information you provide and modify is at your own risk .
Please understand that we do make reasonable efforts to ensure the safety of this information , however , no security measures are perfect .
Additionally , we can not control how others may use the information you choose to share and can not assure that unwanted persons are restricted to viewing your information .
Although your information may be removed or modified please be aware that your content may still be viewable through the means of cached or archived pages .
At no point will we ever provide or exploit the personally-identifying information you provided to companies or organizations for commercial purposes without your prior consent .
In order to use Enjin services , you must complete the registration process which requires the creation of a username 'Enjin ID ' and password .
During the registration process the only personally-identifiable information we request is your email address .
We will use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
We do offer paid services in addition to our free offerings .
In order to use our paid services , you must complete the paid registration process which requires the creation of a username 'Enjin ID ' and password .
During this registration process you may be required to provide personally-identifiable information such as your name , email address , address , and phone number .
We use this information for payment processing and verification , and for contacting and billing you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
We will not request any credit card information as all personally-identifiable financial information is handled by our third-party merchant solution .
Upgrading to Paid Services
During the use of our free services you have the ability to upgrade to a paid account at any time .
In order to use our paid services , you must complete the upgrade process which may require you to provide personally-identifiable information such as your name , email address , address , and phone number .
We use this information for payment processing and verification , and for contacting and billing you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
We will not request any credit card information as all personally-identifiable financial information is handled by our third-party merchant solution .
If you are contacting our firm through our website , we require that you provide personally-identifiable information , including your name , email , and phone number .
This information is necessary to process your request and to contact you .
We will use this information to communicate special offers , updates , newsletters , service-related announcements , and customer service requests .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell another gamer about our site , we will ask you for the gamer 's email address .
We will automatically send the gamer a one-time email inviting him or her to join the site .
We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
Enjin is the sole owner of the information collected on Enjin.com .
Enjin has been developed for all gamers , clans , guilds , and gaming communities , to organize and stay connected through the creation of gaming websites and profiles .
The information you provide is to build your personal profile and make your self available for contact by other gamers .
Other than your personally-identifying information we may use the information you provide at our discretion .
You may modify your privacy settings to deactivate specific service-related announcements in your account .
Email Communications and Unsolicited Commercial Email
Occasionally we may send you information on products , services , and promotions .
We may use the information for service related announcements as well .
These communications are strictly email based regarding information for but not limited to server updates and maintenance , user activty alerts , billing receipts , and invoices .
Website Owners may also send administrative or promotional messages to the extent permitted by applicable law and the Enjin 's Terms of Service .
You may indicate your preferences regarding certain administrative email messages by following the instructions here .
Additionally , you can choose to opt-out of receiving messages from Enjin or a Website by following the directions on the bottom of the email message you receive .
The Enjin Terms of Service prohibit Users from engaging in any activity involving the sending of email in violation of applicable law , including CAN-SPAM and other laws regulating unsolicited commercial email .
Violations of these policies may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any senders or initiators of such messages .
We store the information that we collect to create a profile of your preferences .
We tie your personally-identifiable information , and your purchasing history to information in your profile in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers to improve the content of the site for you .
You are not required to provide any additional personally-identifiable information on your profile , however feel free to submit as much information as possible so we can provide you with a more personalized experience on our site .
Enjin does offer free services which are ad-supported .
Therefore , we allow advertisers to campaign through our services .
The information you provide will allow for better targeting and placement of their advertisements however at no time will we provide or sell any of your personally-identifying information to the advertisers without your prior consent .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Enjin websites have the ability to use Google Analytics to generate and track their own statistics for their website .
Due to this , and that Enjin supports display advertising with Google , you must understand the following .
Third-party vendors , including Google , use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookies ) and third-party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to report how your ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to your site .
Using the Ads Settings , visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads .
Third-party vendors , including Google , may show your ads on sites across the Internet .
Information sharing with Third Parties
At no point will we provide or exploit your personally-identifying information to companies or organizations for commercial purposes without your prior consent .
However if you are purchasing a service your billing information may be provided to a third-party billing service ( Paypal or other credit card processing companies ) .
Aggregate Information ( non-personally-identifiable )
We may share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers .
This information does not contain ANY personally-identifiable information .
We do not link aggregate user data with personally-identifiable information .
To enhance our community services , we offer a forum for our members to discuss with minimal moderation .
If you do choose to use our forums you should be aware that any personally-identifiable information you submit can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums or the public who have access to the thread , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We do not suggest or encourage the submission of personally-identifiable information on our forums and are not responsible for any personally-identifiable information you choose to submit .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
Through the use of our services you may find links to other websites .
We encourage that if you do visit any of these websites that request personally-identifying information that you make yourself aware of their local privacy policies .
We are not responsible for the practices that any other websites exercise .

( The policies stated within this document are applicable to Entrepreneur.com and other sites owned and operated by Entrepreneur.com Inc. on the World Wide Web . )
Your Privacy Is Serious Business To Us
The privacy of our visitors and members is very important to us .
Since we do gather information about you , we provide this privacy statement to enable you to understand the terms and conditions associated with the collection of this data , as well as how we use it and how you can correct or change it .
In addition , we make to you the following pledge :
The Entrepreneur.com Privacy Pledge
Unless you otherwise agree ( as indicated below ) , the information you give us or that we collect about you will not be shared with any third party , except with those third parties providing services to us ( `` our service providers '' ) and then only in the form of statistical information which has been aggregated with other user information for the purposes of our own website research and development in an effort to better serve your needs .
We will never contact you without your permission , and we will immediately terminate any communications with you upon request .
You can choose to subscribe to one of our FREE electronic newsletters .
These newsletters are distributed through our service provider .
To subscribe , simply check the box for each newsletter you wish to receive , provide your e-mail address and zip code and then submit .
From time-to-time , you may be asked to provide additional information such as job title , number of employees , country of origin , and type of business .
As a subscriber to our newsletter , you also agree to receive advertisements , promotions , and special communications from Entrepreneur and its partners .
Please be assured that the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with your subscription to our electronic newsletters will not be shared with any third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
You can also choose to subscribe to our `` special offer '' lists and provide you with information and valuable offers by e-mail from us and our partners .
Subscription to these lists is completely voluntary , and you may unsubscribe at any time .
To subscribe , simply check the box for each category of interest , provide your e-mail address and zip coden then submit .
From time-to-time , you may be asked to provide additional information such as job title , number of employees , country of origin , and type of business .
Offers you receive through this subscription will be identified in the message header as part of your participation in the Entrepreneur.com list .
We want you to receive only those offers of interest to you .
Please be assured that the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with your subscription to our special offers will not be shared with any third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
Franchise & Business Opportunity Lead Submission
The information , which you voluntarily provide in responding to those franchise and business opportunity advertisers conducting recruitment campaigns on our site ( `` lead information '' ) , will only be shared with those specific franchise and/or business opportunity advertisers you have selected for the purpose of receiving additional information about them .
Please be assured that , except for those franchise and/or business opportunity advertisers you have selected , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with this lead generation program will not be shared with any other third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
Expert Columnist Lead Submission
The information , which you voluntarily provide in responding to certain columnists on our site , will only be shared with those columnists you have selected for the purpose of receiving additional information about their products or services .
Please be assured that , except for those columnists you have selected , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with this lead generation program will not be shared with any other third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
The information , which you voluntarily provide in submitting questions for those expert columnists participating in the Ask Entrepreneur program , will only be shared with the specific columnists to whom your questions have been assigned .
Please be assured that , except for the columnists to whom your questions have been assigned , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with this program will not be shared with any other third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
The information you voluntarily provide in registering to access the Entrepreneur Assist suite of interactive resources will only be shared with the named co-sponsor of this service , which may use such information to apprise you of its goods and/or services .
Please be assured that , except for any co-sponsor of the Entrepreneur Assist service , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with your registration for this service will not be shared with any third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
SmallBizBooks.com , & Entrepreneur Press Registration
You will be required to register in order to make purchases at our online stores , SmallBizBooks.com and EntrepreneurPress.com .
To register , you 're required to supply your name and shipping address , phone number , a username and password .
Optional information includes the name of your company and a fax number .
The information gathered from this process ( `` registration information '' ) is stored in the SmallBizBooks.com and EntrepreneurPress.com databases and is also saved to a cookie .
This allows SmallBizBooks.com and EntrepreneurPress.com members to enter the site without having to login each time .
When you make a purchase at SmallBizBooks.com or EntrepreneurPress.com , your credit card information is secured using 128-bit SSL encryption technology .
Please be assured that the registration information you give us or that we collect about you will not be shared with any third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
All contests and sweepstakes on any of our websites are conducted in accordance with applicable federal and state laws .
The information you voluntarily provide by participating in any such contest or sweepstakes event will be used to verify participant identity and to contact winners , and may be shared with named co-sponsors , which may use such information to apprise you of their goods and/or services .
Please be assured that , except to the extent shared with co-sponsors , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with your participation in any such contest or sweepstakes event will not be shared with any other third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
In order to better understand traffic patterns on any site owned and operated by Entrepreneur.com , we analyze our site activity to obtain overall usage statistics .
These usage statistics provide us with certain information obtained through the use of cookies and from data within the browser string ( information contained in every user 's browser ) .
Information we collect from the browser string includes domain name , browser type , operating system , geographic origin , referring domain and MIME type .
Cookies allow us to track behavior on the site to determine content preferences and usage patterns .
This information is for internal consumption and is only shared with third parties on a statistically aggregated basis .
No specific or personally identifiable information collected through this process is ever shared with a third party .
From time-to-time , we provide our e-mail lists ( newsletters & special offers ) to our service providers , which in turn provide us with specialized services , such as e-mail message deployment , merge-purge ( identifying and removing duplicate addresses ) of lists , statistical analysis and other data processing .
Please be assured that the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with your subscription to our electronic newsletters and/or special offers will not be shared with any third party , except with our service providers and then for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
All sites owned and operated by Entrepreneur.com use cookies .
A cookie is a small data file written to your hard drive .
Cookies allow us to understand user behavior so we can more effectively develop information and programs to serve you better .
Our third-party ad serving company , delivers a one-time cookie to your hard drive in order to better track ad impressions and click-through rates generated by your activity on our websites .
Advertisers require information regarding ad impressions and click-through rates , and by providing them with this information , we are able to keep our websites free to our visitors .
Please be assured that , except for sharing impressions and click-through rates with our third-party advertisers , the information you give us or that we collect about you in connection with our use of cookies will not be shared with any other third party , except with our service providers and then only in the form and for the purposes stated in the above Privacy Pledge .
If you 're concerned about the use of cookies , you have the option to set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies , or to turn off cookies entirely .
The options to warn or disable cookies can be found in the `` Options '' or `` Preferences '' feature of your browser .
You do not need to enable cookies in oder to use any site owned and operated by Entrepreneur.com , Inc .
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that when you 're on Entrepreneur.com or any site owned by Entrepreneur.com , or when you receive an e-mail message from us on behalf of a marketer according to permission granted through our opt-in process for newsletters and special offers , you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control , such as the marketer 's site .
There may also be links to other sites from Entrepreneur.com pages or from the e-mail message we send you that take you outside Entrepreneur.com .
These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors , collect data or solicit personal information .
The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and can not guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there .
NOTICE : Click here for important information about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission .
In addition to Entrepreneur.com visitors providing permission to receive newsletters and special offers , we do work with various marketing partners to promote our newsletters and special offers to their visitors .
Each promotion on third-party sites is branded under Entrepreneur.com .
Protecting the security of your personal information is very important to us .
When we store information you 've provided to us , that information is protected by security measures that include `` firewalls '' ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network ) , `` intrusion detection systems '' ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps detect any unauthorized visitors ) , `` secure socket layer '' ( data encryption used when transmitting certain information such as personal information from a form or a transaction within SmallBizBooks.com or EntrepreneurPress.com ) and other security measures such as secure storage .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet or data repository can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while Entrepreneur.com strives to protect your personal information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and can not be responsible for the theft , destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information .
Despite our concerted efforts to prevent unsolicited ( spam ) e-mail relayed through Entrepreneur.com servers , unsolicited e-mail may sometimes get through .
Entrepreneur.com NEVER sends unsolicited or spam e-mail .
We view spam as a serious violation of privacy and a misuse of the internet in general .
Upon receipt of the e-mail , we will do our utmost to track down the offender and take any actions necessary to stop spam messages .
Changes to the Entrepreneur Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be modified from time to time .
If there is a significant change , we will indicate on our sites that our privacy policy has changed and provide a link to the new policy .
2445 McCabe Way , Suite 400
Irvine , CA 92614
( 949 ) 261-2325
Effective Date : November 6 , 2007

This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 21 , 2013 .
E ! Entertainment Television , LLC ( E ! ) , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 1209 Orange Street , Wilmington , Delaware 19801 , is responsible for the contents of this Website or Mobile App .
We at E ! respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you .
This Privacy Policy describes
the types of personal information we collect on our Websites ( The term `` personal information '' means information about you . )
how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it
the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information
your rights and how you can contact us
how we collect , use and secure personal information related to applications you download onto mobile devices ( `` Mobile Apps '' )
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline .
See the Mobile Apps section below for information about privacy and use of Mobile Apps .
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website or Mobile App carefully .
Your use of this Website , and Mobile Apps where applicable , signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in sweepstakes , contests or games , purchase merchandise etc .
See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions .
1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website .
If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g . subscribe to newsletters , enter sweepstakes or contests , purchase products , etc . ) .
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and to improve your experience of using this Website .
In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information in the following ways :
Newsletters and Other Communications
On the Website and certain Mobile Apps , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions and/or those of third parties .
To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) .
This information is used by us to send you the communications you request .
Each newsletter contains links to stories and other content on our Website or Mobile Apps .
When you click on these links , Sailthru collects information about your activity on the Website or Mobile App .
This information is used to send you automated , personalized newsletters that contain links to stories and other content that you may find of interest .
Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed `` Your Rights '' below .
If you communicate with us through the `` Contact Us '' link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments .
You may also choose to provide additional information as well .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Other Promotions
We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions either ourselves or via third parties .
If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions .
Please be aware that our promotions may be governed by additional terms and conditions posted on the Website they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties ( in the case of our promotions that are available on third party platforms such as social media sites like Facebook ) .
Message Boards , Chat Rooms , Blogs and Other User Forum
Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Please use caution when using these features of our Website .
Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these sections of the Website .
You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website .
participating in player forums and message boards
posting public comments to other users ' profiles or gameboards
sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts
chat with other users
The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ; ( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested .
Personal information may be collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications .
See the Mobile Apps section of this Privacy Policy for more information .
We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website .
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google+ ( amongst others ) are integrated on our Website .
Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g . with a Facebook button ) .
If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network .
The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser .
If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you .
If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g . you press the Facebook `` Like '' -feature , the Twitter `` Tweet this '' feature and Google plus `` 1+ '' button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser .
If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network .
If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc . then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc . ) .
If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website .
As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website .
However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to :
provide technical support ;
posting public comments to other users ' profiles or gameboards
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or
enforce our terms of service .
1.2 Information We Collect Automatically
Like many companies , we use `` cookies '' or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc ) on the Website .
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites .
We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest .
Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site .
When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual .
This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed .
By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors .
We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website .
To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on the Ad Choices icon at the bottom of each page .
Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see adverts when you visit the site .
Without these cookies the online adverts you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in ( if applicable ) , as well as computer and/or connection information .
During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information .
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviours .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally .
We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously .
Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist .
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Used
This Website is operated from the United States .
However , as a global company , E ! may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , E ! has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection .
By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries .
How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information with affiliates of E ! or NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
On occasions we would like to share your information with carefully selected companies who may contact you with information which may be of interest to you .
Where this is the case you will be offered the opportunity to accept or reject your information being shared with such companies , at the point of data collection .
We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests and sweepstakes , providing technology services , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would .
In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organizations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use .
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer .
Links to Other Sites
The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may operate independently from this Website .
Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites .
To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability .
Like many other websites ' we provide other websites with and allow users to `` snag '' or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control .
This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary .
Such requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID ( if applicable ) , and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information .
If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below .
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request .
However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the `` Last Updated '' date at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet , accessible through this Website .
By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website .
Notice to California Residents
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which this Website has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
For all requests , you must put the statement `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the body of your request , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
Where you download a Mobile App from E ! , the following terms in addition to specific terms that are included in the Mobile App the following also applies :
What information does the Mobile App obtain and how is it used ?
This will depend on the particular Mobile App but may include the following :
Automatically Collected Information : We may collect information about the device you may use to download or stream a copy of the Mobile App onto your device , including , where available , the device 's unique device identifiers , operating system , browser type and mobile network information as well as the device 's telephone number , length of time in the Mobile App , other information about links clicked ( if applicable ) for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers .
For more information about information we share with advertisers see below .
We may associate device information with information you submit and will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined .
Location information : when you use one of our location-enabled services , we may collect and process information about your actual location .
Some of these Services require your location information for the feature to work .
Log information : when you use the Mobile App or view content on our websites we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs including but not limited to internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , device information , internet service provider ( ISP ) , clickstream data , browser type and language , viewed and exit pages and date or time stamps .
Unique Mobile App numbers : when you install or uninstall a Mobile App containing a unique Mobile App number or when such a service searches for automatic updates , that number and information about your installation , for example , the type of operating system , may be sent to us .
User Provided Information : When you register with us and use the Mobile App , you generally provide ( a ) your name , email address , age , user name , password and other registration information ; ( b ) transaction-related information , such as when you make purchases , respond to any offers , or download or use Mobile Apps from us ; ( c ) information you provide us when you contact us for help , and ; ( d ) information you enter into our system when using the Mobile App , such as contact information and project management information .
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information , required notices and marketing promotions .
Do Mobile Apps collect precise real time location information of the device ?
This depends on the particular Mobile App you download .
Where a Mobile App does collect precise information about the location of your device , it will be used to provide requested location services , and , depending on the particular Mobile App it may be used , amongst other uses to allow tagging or to check-in .
Do we share your information with third parties ?
We may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement subject to any applicable legal restrictions :
We may disclose information collected via our Mobile Apps in the following circumstances :
as required by law , such as to comply with a subpoena , or similar legal process ;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights ;
to protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , or respond to a government request ;
to our trusted services providers who work on our behalf , do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them , and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement ; and
if E ! is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising .
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
Some Mobile Apps may be supported via advertising , and collect data to help the Mobile App serve ads .
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Mobile App is being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage .
We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks , who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Mobile App which helps us keep the cost of Mobile Apps low or free .
What are my opt-out rights ?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of Mobile Apps :
Opt-out of all further information collection by uninstalling the Mobile App - You can stop all collection of information by the Mobile App easily by uninstalling the Mobile App .
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the Mobile App marketplace or network ;
Data Retention Policy , Managing and Accessing , Correcting Your Information
We will retain User Provided Information for as long as you use the Mobile App and for a reasonable time thereafter .
Please note that some or all of the User Provided Information may be required in order for the Mobile App to function properly , and we may be required to retain certain information by law .
We do not use the Mobile App to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13 .
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time .
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information .
We provide physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain .
For example , we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our Mobile App .
Please be aware that , although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain , no security system can prevent all potential security breaches .
By using the Services , you are consenting to our processing of collected information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us .
`` Processing , '' means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way , including , but not limited to , collecting , storing , deleting , using , combining and disclosing information , all of which activities will take place in the United States .
If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S. , and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards .
By using the Mobile App and providing information to us , you consent to such transfer to , and processing in , the US .

This policy tells you how ESPN ( EUROPE , MIDDLE EAST , AFRICA ) LTD ( `` ESPN '' ) of 3 Queen Caroline Street , London , England with company registration number 06565173 collects information from you , how we protect it and how we use it , and covers all personal information which you provide when you use any of our ESPN sites ( the `` Sites '' ) , unless otherwise specified on the relevant Site where a different privacy policy will be displayed
This Privacy Policy explains the choices you can make about how the information is collected and used .
By using the Sites or by clicking the `` Register '' or `` Submit '' button or other relevant button during your initial registration with the relevant Site , you signify your consent that we store and process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
What type of information we collect about you
We will collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways including when you register on the Sites , use other ESPN services , enter competitions or prize draws , navigate around our Sites or respond to communications from us .
What we do with personally identifiable information
This information may be used for marketing ( where you have agreed to this ) and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , to provide , optimise and personalise our services and to send you newsletters and information ( where you have agreed to this ) .
We may use information about you to create a picture of your interests .
This will allow us to understand our customers and visitors better , so we can make our services and marketing more relevant .
Information that we use in this way may include :
( i ) information about your use of this and other ESPN Sites ;
( ii ) household classification data ,
( iii ) your responses to communications from us ;
( iv ) your interaction with other parts of the ESPN Group ;
( v ) information you provide when you register on a Site ;
( vi ) customer surveys ;
( vii ) information provided by other companies , where you gave them permission to share this information .
We may use a variety of technical methods such as cookies and web beacons to collate this information ( see the section below on `` Use of Cookies '' for further information ) .
Use of information for marketing
In line with any permissions you give us , we may send you direct marketing about our own , or carefully selected third parties ' goods and services and disclose your information to other organisations who may send direct marketing to you .
You can change your marketing preferences if you are registered with us .
Details on how to do this are set out below under `` Our Registration Policy '' .
In addition , you can unsubscribe from email communications via unsubscribe links provided in communications sent to you .
Who has access to the information at ESPN
We may share your information with other members of the ESPN or Walt Disney Group worldwide .
As used in this Privacy Policy the ESPN Group includes ESPN Inc and The Walt Disney Company Limited and all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities , including companies such as those branded under Buena Vista , ABC and Disney labels that generally do not offer their products and services under the `` ESPN '' brand name , as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the `` ESPN '' brand name .
In this Privacy Policy `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' and `` ourselves '' means any member of this Group .
Wherever your information is processed by us , we will ensure that it is protected appropriately .
Who else has access to the information
We will only pass on your information to third parties in the following situations :
if this was clearly stated at the time of collection or registration and , where required , if you have given permission for this ;
If we employ another organisation to perform tasks on our behalf - such as delivering goods to you .
In this case , the organisations may only use your information to fulfil this specific task ;
If we sell the business of some of the ESPN group of companies to another organisation or merge with other businesses .
In this case , the buyer will only be able to use your information as set out in this Privacy Policy ;
If we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary for legal proceedings .
We may also disclose information when we believe in good faith that applicable law or regulation requires it or to protect the safety or security of users of our Sites ; and
If we use third party processors to administer and process your personal information for the purposes notified in the Privacy Policy , e.g . for hosting activities related to the use of our Sites or services .
We may also share details with third parties ( such as auditors or legal advisors ) to obtain advice .
Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law , preserving any statutory data protection rights .
As the ESPN Group operates globally , it may be necessary to transfer your information internationally to recipients located outside the United Kingdom and European Union either within the ESPN Group or to third party service providers .
Please be assured that we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
In this regard , we may transfer data to Group companies in the United States .
These companies will adhere to this Privacy Policy and to the `` Safe Harbour Principles '' officially declared by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection as compared to the data protection laws of European Union countries .
Our registration policy - How to remove or amend your information
You can ask us to modify or remove your personal information from any or all of our mailing lists at any time or cancel your registration by clicking on the `` Register '' link or any other link we may provide for you .
We will use our reasonable endeavours to remove your name from the related mailing list within 10 working days of your request .
Use of cookies and web beacons
We collect information through technology to make our Sites and other content or services which we make available to you more interesting and useful to you .
For instance , when you come to one of our Sites via your computer or other media device , we may place cookies and web beacons on our Sites which may be used to collect information about the sections you visit , the products you are interested in and the frequency with which you visit various parts of our Sites .
You agree that we collect your IP address or other unique identifier .
At times , we also use these identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our Sites .
We may combine your IP address with other personally identifiable information for marketing and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , so we can optimize our products and services and customize the Sites for you .
Our Sites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including cookies and web beacons .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer or other media device while you are viewing or interacting with the Site .
We use cookies for a variety of purposes including tracking usage on our Sites in order to- enhance our guests ' experience on our Sites and to learn more about your preferences and interests .
For instance , when you return to one of our Sites after logging in via your computer , cookies provide information to the Site so that the Site will remember who you are ( `` visitor session information '' ) .
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off all cookies .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Sites .
We also use these technical methods to analyse the traffic patterns on our Sites , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites .
We may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through cookies , web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve your online experiences and to determine what products , promotions and services you prefer or are likely to be of interest to you .
We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests for a number of purposes including : to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails ; to customise the display of the banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed an email ; and to determine whether a guest has made an enquiry or purchase in response to a particular email .
Cookies , web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that identifies you personally .
You may get cookies from our advertisers .
We do not control these cookies , and once you have clicked on the advertisement and left our Sites our Privacy Policy no longer applies .
Links to other sites
You should be aware that when you are on our Sites you could be directed to other sites where the personal information collected is outside of our control .
The privacy policy of the new site will govern the information obtained from you on that site .
Changes to this policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the latest version on this and all our other Sites .
If we ever wish to use your personal information in a way which is incompatible with the information in this Privacy Policy , we will only do so with your consent .
If you have queries about our use of personal information , you can write to us at Legal Department , ESPN ( Europe , Middle East , Africa ) Ltd , 3 Queen Caroline Street , Hammersmith , London W6 9PE United Kingdom .

Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications , Inc. and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Hearst '' ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ( `` Magazines '' ) , from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
Information You Provide .
Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , request back issues of our Magazines , subscribe to our Magazines , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser .
For more information click here .
Effect of Tracking Requests .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because , this way , we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests .
Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to any of our Magazines , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
When you provide us your email address ( e.g. , to subscribe to our Magazines ) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites , some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences .
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we 've assigned .
Your user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) will function across many of our Covered Sites , regardless of brand .
Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ( `` Shared Registration Sites '' ) ; however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites .
A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below , and may be updated from time to time .
Current Shared Registration Sites are : The National Magazine Company Limited .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned .
If you cancel your User Registration , we will retain your email address , user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again , against your wishes .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Hearst can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Magazines , and in trade media , and advertising .
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Hearst may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site ( as defined in Section 3 ( c ) above ) .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst .
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Hearst ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : alc-opt-out.com .
California & Canadian Users : Your California Privacy Rights.California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
Marketing provided by Hearst .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Hearst , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Hearst can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
This policy was last updated on December 30 , 2013 .

Educational Testing Service ( `` ETS '' ) recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy .
In addition to the commitments set out in this Privacy Policy , ETS has taken steps to meet legal obligations in various countries with the aim of compliance with worldwide data privacy requirements .
ETS will strive to treat your `` personal data '' according to applicable local laws which regulate inter-country process , access and transfer of personal data .
By using this Website , you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Policy and the Terms of Use .
You may also be subject to another privacy policy or other terms and conditions that are posted on ETS 's Website specific to a particular ETS program or service ( `` Other Agreement '' ) .
Based upon your specific relationship ( s ) with ETS , we may collect , use or disclose Personal Information ( defined below ) in ways described in more detail in one or more Other Agreements .
To the extent the Other Agreement includes additional terms that are not covered by or are inconsistent with this Policy , the terms and conditions of the Other Agreement will supersede this Policy .
Within this Policy you will find :
How We Use Your Personal Information
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Choice to Opt Out and Access to Your Information
Links to Third-party Sites
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Protect Yourself : Watch Out for Online Fraud
Special Notice to California Residents
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information ( as defined below ) online from children under the age of 13 .
We collect and store Personal Information that you provide voluntarily when using our Website .
Personal Information is information that can identify you as a specific individual ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
You are responsible for providing accurate and complete information .
For example , you might provide us the following information : responses and survey information and/or site registrations , test registration information , order information and payment information .
Personal data does not include anonymized aggregate or statistical information from which such identification can not be reconstituted .
If you register for a test , create an online account , or request one of our other services , we may collect the following Personal Information : full name , home address , email address , telephone number , Social Security number , passport number , and your answers to other similar background information questions , the test you are registering for , test date , payment information and how you specifically use our Website .
Depending on how you use the Website , your test results may also be accessed through the Website .
When you visit any page on our Website , we use a program that monitors and evaluates the Website 's traffic .
It automatically records every visitor 's host , domain name , pages visited , length of user session , browser type and/or IP address .
This information does not contain Personal Information .
We use this information to find out how many people visit the Website to determine the areas of greatest interest on our Website , and to make improvements to the Website .
When you visit and interact with our Website , ETS and third parties with whom ETS has contracted to provide services to ETS may collect non-personal information ( for example , a catalog of the site pages you visit , or your IP address ) .
As with many other sites , our Website may use `` cookies '' or other technologies to help us deliver content specific to your interests , to process your reservations or requests , and/or to analyze your visiting patterns .
We may collect the following types of information about your visit including : the domain from which you access the Internet ; IP address ; operating system and information about the device or browser used when visiting the site ; date and time of your visit ; content you visited or downloaded ; and website ( such as google.com or bing.com ) and website referral source ( email notice or social media site ) that connected you to the website .
ETS uses third party measurement software to collect the information listed above .
There are two types of cookies : single-session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Temporary cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open , and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation through our site .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including tracking the number of unique visitors to our site and information such as the number of views a page gets , how much time a user spends on a page , and other pertinent web statistics .
Cookies , by themselves , will not be used by ETS to disclose your individual identity .
This information identifies your browser , but not you , to our servers when you visit the Website .
If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer , you can disable or delete them using your browser ( consult your browser 's `` Help '' menu to learn how to delete cookies ) ; however , you must enable cookies to access certain information on our Website .
Note that in limited instances , such as when you register for a test or create an online account , cookies may contain and be associated with the Personal Information we collect .
We may also collect data by using `` pixel tags , '' `` web beacons , '' `` clear GIFs '' or similar means ( collectively , `` pixel tags '' ) that allow us to know when you visit our Website .
Through pixel tags , we obtain non-personal information or aggregate information ( i.e. , your IP address , the areas of the Website you visit , your operating system , your browser version and the URL you came from ) which can be used to enhance your online experience and understand traffic patterns .
In addition , we may use third-party advertisers to serve or track advertisements on other websites .
Please note that these third parties also may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to , among other things , enable such third parties to record which ads your browser has loaded and which site pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered or accessed .
Use of such third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those third parties .
ETS does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties .
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to :
complete any registration , purchases or other transactions you request online
improve our products and services , and identify , develop and offer new or expanded products and services
personalize your experience on the Website , and customize the content and/or format of the pages you visit
notify you about updates , products , services and/or special offers from ETS , its affiliates and selected third parties
ask you to participate in brief surveys
generate aggregate statistical studies and conduct research related to our products and services and the use of our Website
Based upon your specific relationship ( s ) with ETS , we may use your Personal Information in ways described in more detail in one or more Other Agreements .
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We disclose your Personal Information to certain third parties with whom we have a direct or indirect business or contract relationship , to provide the products and services you have requested .
For example , when you register for a test , we will provide certain registration information to entities that administer the tests in your area .
If you ask us to , we will disclose your test scores to schools and others .
When you request other services , we will provide your personal data to third parties with whom we arrange for those services to be provided .
We may also disclose information to third parties that provide administrative or processing services for us for example , printing , mailing and/or payment processing .
ETS 's use of third parties to provide services to you ( e.g. , payment services ) is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those third-party websites and such third parties are responsible or liable for their use of your personal data .
We may also disclose Personal Information collected on the Website , in accordance with applicable law , to assert or defend our rights and property , to prevent harm to others , to collect a debt , or in response to legal processes such as subpoenas .
We may also provide ( or reserve the right to provide ) Personal Information to credit reporting agencies and to cooperate with law enforcement authorities or other governmental authorities consistent with applicable laws .
If you have consented to our doing so , we may also share your personal data with third parties in order that they may offer you information about their goods and services .
Because non-personal information does not personally identify you , we may use or disclose such information for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine non-personal information with Personal Information ( such as embedding email addresses in cookies ) .
If we do combine any non-personal information with Personal Information , the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information in accordance with this Policy .
Based upon your specific relationship ( s ) with ETS , we may disclose your Personal Information in ways described in more detail in one or more Other Agreements .
Choice to Opt Out and Access to Your Information
When you register for a test online or create an account , you will have the ability to opt out of receiving certain communications from ETS , including voicemail or email .
Remember , however , that ETS may still send email or call you in order to provide a product or service that you request .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
Links to Third-party Sites
This Website may contain links to other third-party websites .
ETS does not control the privacy policies or practices of these third-party sites .
You should review those policies before providing any information .
ETS is not responsible for the content or practices of any linked third-party sites , and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors .
Specifically , if you use a credit card to pay for any products or services , ETS is not responsible for any information you provide regarding the credit card on this Website or by linking through to a credit card processor 's website .
ETS has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your Personal Information , but can not guarantee that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Policy ( for example , as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or relevant Web policies ) .
If you register for a Web account , you will be asked to select a password to help protect your information .
These passwords help us verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any of your Personal Information .
You should never disclose your password to anyone .
ETS will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information .
When you provide credit card information , it is transmitted using SSL technology to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of that information .
You will know that SSL is being used when you see a full yellow key in a blue box in the lower left-hand corner of your browser or a full `` lock '' in the status bar of your Internet Explorer browser .
ETS has contracted with a company to host our online store .
This company uses its own Secure Sales Server technology ( S3 ) along with SSL encryption technology on every order transaction .
ETS reserves the right to change this Policy to respond to new laws , regulations or technology , or for other business reasons .
Please check this Website from time to time to review any such changes .
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
You agree that any claim , action or proceeding arising out of this Policy , or your use of the Website , shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of New Jersey , without regard to principles of conflict of laws .
Any claim , action or proceeding related to this Policy will be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the State of New Jersey and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts .
If you have any questions or concerns about the Website or security policies , you may contact us by :
Princeton , NJ 08541-6666
Protect Yourself : Watch Out for Online Fraud
Do n't get reeled in .
In a technique called `` phishing , '' thieves set up fraudulent websites that look official .
They may send emails to draw you to the site .
Often , people visit the site and give Personal Information in an unsecured environment , making Social Security numbers and credit card information available to thieves .
Note the secure pages .
When you submit Personal Information , there are two ( 2 ) things you should look for when you come to secure or safe pages :
A lock symbol or icon will appear on the right side of the bottom bar on the page .
Do n't respond to phony emails .
ETS will never send you an email asking for credit card or bank account numbers or any other financial information .
If you receive a suspicious message that looks like it came from ETS , do not respond .
ETS frequently sends email promotions and invitations to students and educators .
If you follow a link in an email and are directed to a website that is not ETS 's official site , do not provide your Personal Information .
Report fraud immediately .
What to do if you 're a victim :
If you suspect that you may be a victim of phishing :
Check with your credit card company and bank to see if anyone else has illegally used your account ( s ) .
Change your passwords on all online accounts .
Contact the appropriate credit bureaus or agencies to report the incident .
Write a letter to the credit card companies , banks and any other institutions or agencies documenting what happened .
Keep a copy for yourself .
Keep records of everything .
Special Notice to California Residents
Under California Law SB 27 , California residents have the right to receive , once a year , information about third parties with whom we have shared Personal Information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year , and a description of the categories of Personal Information shared .
We will respond to you within thirty ( 30 ) days of receiving such a request .
Effective Date : July 21 , 2011
Site Terms of Use
Link to detailed information on online store security
Privacy and Information Security Policy for Test Takers

Eurogamer will use information collected about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998
Eurogamer may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to Eurogamer.net ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to Eurogamer.net .
Eurogamer may also record which parts of Eurogamer.net and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use .
This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to :
process your User Content and your subscription to Eurogamer.net and to enable your use of Eurogamer.net and associated services ;
open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ;
administer prize draws ;
generally run Eurogamer.net ;
send you newsletters and alerts when you sign up for or subscribe to them .
By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use .
From time to time Eurogamer also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you .
Eurogamer will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent .
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , Eurogamer is registered with the Information Commissioner [ notification number Z6679757 ] .
If you believe Eurogamer has information about you that you do not want Eurogamer to have or that is incorrect , please contact Eurogamer as described below and Eurogamer shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable .
If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact Eurogamer as described below .
Eurogamer gives you a choice whether or not you want Eurogamer or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful .
Eurogamer wo n't sell or trade personal information to other companies but Eurogamer would like to keep you informed of the developments on Eurogamer.net and certain Content and Eurogamer would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) .
Eurogamer will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already .
Eurogamer uses 'cookies ' on Eurogamer.net .
Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited Eurogamer.net before is recorded on your computer and used by Eurogamer to improve Eurogamer.net and the services available to you .
If you do not wish for Eurogamer to use cookies when you use Eurogamer.net please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies .
Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use Eurogamer.net and the Content .
If you do n't disable `` cookies '' Eurogamer.net will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the Content submission forms so that you can use Eurogamer.net with less form filling .
All email and other communications sent by Eurogamer and attachments thereto are intended only for the addressee and/or others authorised to receive them .
The Eurogamer Comment System and Forum are very popular features of the site and although the team strongly believes in allowing the community that has formed around the site to grow and develop in its own way , there are a few simple rules , regulations and procedures you should be aware of when posting .
Most posters will probably never run foul of these anyway , but we 're quite serious about them nonetheless .
Eurogamer is not responsible for comments posted on the site by our readers .
We will however attempt to remove or edit posts which are deemed to contain racist or homophobic remarks , personal abuse , libel , copyrighted material , excessive swearing , references to illegal activities and requests for CD keys or pirated software .
Obviously conversations can get heated on the forum ( games are a serious business , after all ) , but we 'd ask users to hold back from personal insults .
Respond to the post , do n't attack the poster .
Eurogamer staff members regularly monitor the discussion threads to ensure they stay lively , interesting , vaguely relevant and fun .
However , the sheer volume of traffic on our forums and comment threads means that we do n't always manage to read every post on the site .
If you discover a post which you believe contravenes the site guidelines please notify a moderator with details of the page you found it on .
Users who repeatedly post inflammatory ( `` troll '' ) topics or contravene the site posting guidelines will find their posts removed and eventually their user account removed .
Eurogamer reserves the right to remove posting privileges from any account at any time .
In general the staff will endeavour to issue warnings before a user account is removed or suspended , however , in the instance of severe transgressions , this action may be taken without any prior warning .
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this comments system policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact :
Policy centre Privacy & data policy

Last updated : October 8 , 2013
View summary of recent updates
Welcome to Eventbrite .
Eventbrite , Inc .
( `` Eventbrite '' , `` we '' , `` us '' and/or `` our '' ) enables people all over the world to plan , promote , and sell tickets to any event .
And we make it easy for everyone to discover events , and to share the events they are attending with the people they know .
We do this through our websites and domains , the services available on or through our websites and domains or otherwise provided by us , and the software available on or through our websites and domains or otherwise provided by us ( including our mobile applications such as At The Door , Entry Manager and the Eventbrite app ) ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information , including personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Data '' ) , that is collected from users of and/or visitors to the Services ( including through those users ' and visitors ' agents ) ( `` you '' or `` your '' ) , including ( i ) registered users who are event organizers , planners and charitable organizations ( `` Organizers '' ) , ( ii ) users who want to purchase tickets to , register for or donate to events ( whether free or paid ) listed by Organizers on the Services ( `` Buyers '' ) , and ( iii ) other non-Organizer users or visitors to the Services ( `` other non-Organizers '' ) .
We take the privacy of your Personal Data and other information seriously .
Because of that , we have created this Privacy Policy .
Please read this Privacy Policy as it includes important information regarding your Personal Data and other information .
By using the Services or allowing someone to use the Services on your behalf , you are consenting to our collection , use , disclosure , transfer and storage in accordance with this Privacy Policy of any Personal Data or other information received by us as a result of such use .
When you interact with us through the Services , we may collect Personal Data and other information from you , as further described below :
Organizers : We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services , such as when you register for access to the Services as an Organizer , contact us with inquiries , respond to one of our surveys or use certain Services .
The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name , address , email address and other personally identifiable information .
In some cases we may collect your credit card information ( e.g. , your credit card number and expiration date , billing address , etc . ) , some of which may constitute Personal Data , to secure certain payments .
In addition , if you use our payment processing services , we will collect financial information from you ( e.g. , your bank account information or an address to send checks ) as necessary to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes ( e.g. , your taxpayer identification number ) .
Buyers and other non-Organizers : We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services ( including event registration pages within the Services ) , such as when you register for access to the Services ( whether as an Organizer or otherwise ) , register for an event as a Buyer , contact us with inquiries , respond to one of our surveys or use certain parts of the Services .
The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name , address , email address , zip code and other personally identifiable information .
If you register for a paid event , we will collect financial information from you ( e.g. , your credit card number and expiration date , billing address , etc . ) some of which may constitute Personal Data .
In addition , Organizers can set up event registration pages to collect virtually any information from Buyers in connection with registration for an Organizer 's event listed on the Services .
If a Buyer voluntarily provides that information in connection with registration for an event or otherwise , it will be available to us and will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
In addition , such information will be delivered to the Organizer of the applicable event in accordance with `` Our Disclosure of Information That We Collect : Organizers '' below .
Privacy Policy Links : We make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy in the footer of every page on our websites , including those pages on which Personal Data is collected , and to make it available in all of our software .
Non-Identifiable Data : When you interact with the Services , we collect certain personally non-identifiable information ( `` Non-Personal Data '' ) .
The Non-Personal Data we collect includes without limitation Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , Internet browser type , other characteristics of your device and software , domain names of your Internet Service Provider , your approximate geographic location , a record of your usage of the Services , the time of your usage and aggregated Personal Data that can not be used to specifically identify you .
Such information , which is collected passively using various technologies , can not , in and of itself , be used to specifically identify you .
We also collect Non-Personal Data ( including , without limitation , of the type set forth above ) from third parties .
The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect .
Aggregated Personal Data : In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services , we often conduct research on our customer demographics , interests and behavior based on Personal Data and other information that we have collected .
This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information does not identify you personally and therefore is considered and treated as Non-Personal Data under this Privacy Policy .
Cookies , Pixels Tags , Local Shared Objects , Web Storage and Similar Technologies :
Please refer to our Cookie Policy , which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy , for more information about our use of these technologies .
Our Use of Information That We Collect
We use the Personal Data we collect in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may use the Personal Data as follows :
Specific Reason : If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason , we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided .
For instance , if you contact us by e-mail , we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came .
Access and Use : If you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to or use of the Services or any functionality thereof , we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to or use of the Services or functionality and to monitor your use of such Services or functionality .
For instance , if you supply payment information ( e.g. , bank account or credit card information ) to the Services for the purpose of purchasing tickets as a Buyer or processing payments as an Organizer , we will use that information to facilitate such purchase or process such payments .
Internal Business Purposes : We may use your Personal Data for internal business purposes including without limitation to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services , to better understand our users , to improve the Services , to protect against , identify or address wrongdoing , to enforce our Terms of Service , to manage your account and provide you with customer service , and to generally manage the Services and our business .
Marketing : We may use your Personal Data to contact you in the future for our marketing and advertising purposes , including without limitation to inform you about services or events we believe might be of interest to you , to develop promotional or marketing materials and provide those materials to you , and to display content and advertising on or off the Services that we believe might be of relevance to you .
In particular , Organizers should note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding Buyers ( including without limitation via an Organizer 's event registration page ) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy , including in the manner set forth above .
Organizer Emails : We allow Organizers to use our email system to contact Buyers for their current and past events , so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Organizers .
If we intend to use any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy , you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use .
Because Non-Personal Data can not be used to personally identify you , we may use such information for any lawful purpose .
Our Disclosure of Information That We Collect
We are not in the business of selling your Personal Data .
We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you .
Therefore , we will not sell your Personal Data to third parties , including third party advertisers .
There are , however , certain circumstances in which we may disclose , transfer or share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you , as set forth below :
Business Transfers : As we develop our business , we might sell or buy businesses or assets .
In the event of a corporate sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or similar event , Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets .
You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of Eventbrite ( or its assets ) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Subsidiaries and Affiliates : We may also share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries and/or affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Our subsidiaries and affiliates will be bound to maintain that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Agents , Consultants and Related Third Parties : We , like many businesses , sometimes engage other companies to perform certain business-related functions .
Examples of such functions include mailing information , ticket fulfillment , fraud prevention , maintaining databases and processing payments .
When we engage another company to perform such functions , we may provide them with information , including Personal Data , in connection with their performance of such functions .
Organizers : When you purchase tickets to , register for or donate to an event or related fundraising page on the Services , you consent to our providing your Personal Data to the Organizers of such event and related fundraising page , if applicable .
For fundraising pages we may provide your personal information both to the Organizer charity of the fundraising page and the Organizer of the event to which the fundraising page is linked .
These Organizers are not bound to treat your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You agree that we are not responsible for the actions of these Organizers with respect to your Personal Data .
It is important that you review the applicable policies of the Organizers of an event ( and the related fundraising page , if applicable ) before providing Personal Data or other information in connection with that event or related fundraising page .
Facebook and Other Third Party Connections : You can connect your Eventbrite account to your accounts on third party services like Facebook , in which case we may collect , use , disclose , transfer and store information relating to your account with such third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you connect with Facebook , we store your Facebook id , first name , last name , email , location , friends list and profile picture and use them to connect with your Facebook account to provide certain functionality on the Services , like recommending events that your Facebook friends are interested in and sharing the events you are interested in with certain groups of people like your Facebook friends .
Legal Requirements : We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law ( including , without limitation responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement , court or government agency ) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary ( i ) to comply with a legal obligation , ( ii ) to protect or defend our rights , interests or property or that of third parties , ( iii ) to prevent , investigate , or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services , ( iv ) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public , or ( v ) to protect against legal liability .
Because Non-Personal Data can not be used to personally identify you , we may disclose , transfer or share Non-Personal Data for any lawful purpose .
You have several choices available when it comes to your Personal Data :
Limit the Personal Data You Provide : You can use the Services without providing any Personal Data or with limiting the Personal Data you provide .
If you choose not to provide any Personal Data or limit the Personal Data you provide , you may not be able to use certain functionality of the Services .
For instance , in order to open an account , or buy or sell tickets , your name and email address will be required .
Opt Out : You can `` opt out '' of receiving Eventbrite newsletter emails by logging in , clicking on `` Account '' and following the instructions to `` email preferences . ''
You may modify your choices at any time in your Eventbrite account .
In the event an Organizer uses our system to email you , you will be able to `` opt out '' of receiving those communications as well .
Please note that if you unsubscribe from receiving a particular Organizer 's emails , you will no longer receive emails from the particular Organizer that are sent through our system ( but you may still receive emails sent by that Organizer through means other than our system ) , however , you will still receive Eventbrite communications and communications from other Organizers whose events you have attended or are registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address .
Likewise , if you unsubscribe from our communications you will continue to receive communications from Organizers .
So you may have to unsubscribe from multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications .
You can also unsubscribe from receiving all Organizer emails sent through our system .
It may take up to 24 hours for us to process an unsubscribe request .
Note that you can not unsubscribe from update communications about the Services .
By electing to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no longer receive any updates on your account or on events you are registered to attend or have previously attended , including communications regarding refunds .
We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the Services , are not currently registered for an event , are not currently organizing an event and will have no need to receive further communications from us or through our system .
Even after you opt out of all communications , we will retain your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy , however , we will no longer use it to contact you .
However , Organizers who have received your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy may still use that Personal Data to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies , but they may not use our system to do so .
Do Not Track : We currently do not participate in any `` Do Not Track '' frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your Personal Data .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by us other than Personal Data collected through the Services .
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us or another user or visitor through the Services or through any other means .
This includes , but is not limited to , information posted to any public areas of the Services , such as bulletin boards , any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products , claim or demand letters , Digital Millennium Copyright Act notices , and other unsolicited submissions ( collectively , `` Unsolicited Information '' ) .
All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce , use , disclose , distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services .
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children 's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Services without their permission .
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through the Services , please contact us , and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases .
Links to Other Web Sites :
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services .
The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us ( the `` Third Party Sites '' ) .
The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites .
The links from the Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites .
We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies .
Storage and Security :
We may store Personal Data itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates , agents or service providers .
We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , inadvertent disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
However , no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free .
In particular , e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure .
Therefore , you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail .
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data via the Internet .
International Privacy Laws :
If you are visiting our website or using one of our software applications from outside the United States , please be aware that you are sending information ( including Personal Data ) to the United States where our servers are located .
We will hold and process your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data in accordance with privacy laws in the United States and this Privacy Policy .
Please note that privacy laws in the United States may not be the same as , and in some cases may be less protective than , the privacy laws in your country .
US-EU & US-Swiss Safe Harbor Programs :
We participate in the US-EU & US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks covering the collection , use and retention of personal information gathered in the European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Our participation means that we self certify that we adhere to the Safe Harbor principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , integrity , access and enforcement with respect to such personal information .
For more information about these frameworks and our participation in them , please visit the US Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
Other Terms and Conditions :
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service .
If you are using the Eventbrite application programming interfaces ( the `` Eventbrite APIs '' ) , you are subject to the Eventbrite API Terms of Use .
Changes to This Privacy Policy :
The Services and our business may change from time to time .
As a result , at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
We reserve the right , in our sole discretion , to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time ( collectively , `` Modifications '' ) .
Modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted to the Eventbrite website with a change to the `` Last Updated '' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
In certain circumstances Eventbrite may , but need not , provide you with additional notice of such Modifications , such as via email or with in-Service notifications .
Modifications will be effective 30 days following the `` Last Updated '' date or such other date as communicated in any other notice to you .
Please review this policy periodically , and especially before you provide any Personal Data .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above .
Your continued use of the Services following the effectiveness of any Modifications to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those Modifications .
If any Modification to this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you , your sole remedy is to cease accessing , browsing and otherwise using the Services .
Access to Information :
Organizers may access and update their Personal Data being stored by us by logging in and visiting the My Account page .
Organizers may also contact us directly at the address specified below with respect to Personal Data that is not accessible through the My Account page .
Buyers and other non-Organizers do not have a formal account with Eventbrite , however , you can create a formal account by signing up .
After signing up , you can update and access your Personal Data on the My Account page .
Buyers and other non-Organizers can also contact us directly with requests to update Personal Data at the address specified below .
We will take reasonable steps to respond to requests relating to Personal Data within 30 days , however , we may reject requests that we find to be unreasonable ( i.e. , require disproportionate efforts or material changes to our information systems ) , impractical or abusive ( i.e. , repetitive requests , requests made in bad faith , requests that would compromise third party information ) .
Note that you may not have access to or the ability to update Non-Personal Data , much of which is held in aggregate form .
Retention and Deletion :
We may retain your Personal Data as long as you continue to use the Services .
You may close your account by contacting us .
However , we may retain Personal Data and Non-Personal Data for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws .
Even if we delete your Personal Data it may persist on backup or archival media and other information systems .
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices .
We will take reasonable steps to work with you to attempt to resolve your complaint .
As part of our participation in the US-EU & US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks , Eventbrite has appointed TRUSTe as its exclusive dispute resolution mechanism for all Safe Harbor Framework related complaints .
You may raise such a complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here or by fax to 415-520-3420 or by mail to the TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Department at the address listed here , but in each case only after first contacting our Privacy Officer with your complaint and allowing us a reasonable amount of time to address your complaint .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of the company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process will be conducted in English .

EWG 'S PRIVACY POLICY
The Environmental Working Group will automatically add you to our database of supporters when you participate in any EWG or EWG Action Fund campaign .
If you do not wish to be on EWG 's list , you may unsubscribe at any time , and we will make that option easily and readily available .
EWG will never sell your e-mail address or other contact information .
Like most websites , EWG servers may record the numerical Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the browser software you use and your operating system ; the time and date you access EWG 's website ; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site .
EWG uses this information to measure the number of visitors to various sections of the site , to diagnose and correct system errors , and to improve the site .
No information that identifies you personally is collected in our server logs .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
Cookies must be turned on to use certain interactive content on EWG 's website .
We use cookies to store basic information and preferences so we can customize the user experience .
No information that identifies you personally is stored in a cookie .
SUBSCRIBER INFORMATION AND `` CONTACT US '' FORMS
Information submitted by users via the Contact Us page listed next to the mailing address at the bottom of our website comes to EWG in the form of an email .
EWG will store your email address in its database of supporters if : ( 1 ) you elect to receive our email updates when you use our web-based form to contact us , or ( 2 ) if you participate in any EWG or EWG Action Fund campaign .
EWG does not collect any information other than what the supporter provides on our forms .
If you would like to review your personal information collected , make corrections and/or request that your information not be shared with third parties , please contact us at ( 202 ) 667-6982 .
Requests are usually processed within several working days .
Subscriber information will be used by EWG to send out messages related to our work , advocacy and related messaging .
EWG reserves the right to share subscriber information with EWG 's sister organization , EWG Action Fund , as well as its agents .
Otherwise , EWG will not share personally identifiable information with a third party , except in the unlikely event that it is required by law or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a court order or legal process served on our website .
EWG sends new supporters a welcome email to explain what you can expect to receive from us .
EWG also sends supporters periodic emails with information and links to our website and other related content .
EWG also sends supporters information about EWG events , action campaigns and fundraising efforts .
Supporters may unsubscribe from our email updates at any time .
Links to unsubscribe are included at the bottom of every EWG e-mail communication .
If you are unable to complete your request using our automated system , please contact us at ( 202 ) 667-6982 .
Requests are usually processed within several working days .
EWG 's website may contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that EWG is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by EWG 's website .
Because EWG collects only very basic contact information , we currently do not use encryption software to protect this data .
We gather information about our supporters via our website and store it in a private , online database to which only EWG , its sister organization EWG Action Fund , and their agents have access .
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
If we wish to use supporters ' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection , we will notify supporters via email .
Supporters will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
For questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us at :
Phone : ( 202 ) 667-6982
Fax : ( 202 ) 232-2592
Postal Address : 1436 U Street , NW , Ste . 100 , Washington , DC 20009
Blog Post : FDA is trying ( again ) to clean up your hand soap
Blog Post : Genetic Engineering Has No Place In Natural Foods
Blog Post : Genetic Engineering Has No Place In Natural Foods
News Release : FDA Should Reject

Scope of This Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Examiner.com .
The Examiner.com website , including any online environments made available by Examiner.com ( collectively , the `` Site '' ) is operated by Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com ( `` Examiner.com '' ) .
Your privacy on the Internet is extremely important to us , and we want to make your experience on our Site satisfying and safe .
This Privacy Policy applies to information about you collected through our Site .
This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site .
We collect two types of information through our Site .
`` PII '' means `` personally identifiable information , '' which is information that identifies you personally , either alone or in combination with other information available to us ( including without limitation your name , address , email address , telephone number , age , background , or other personal information ) .
`` Non-PII '' means `` non-personally identifiable information '' or information which alone does not identify you ( however , in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual ) .
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By using our Site , you are agreeing to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy .
Information Examiner.com Gathers and Tracks
In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site or to participate in certain programs , you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII through our Site .
The use of these services or capabilities or participation in these programs is purely optional , so you are not required to submit any PII to Examiner.com if you do not wish to do so .
For example , you may wish to provide PII to Examiner.com in connection with applying to become an Examiner on our Site ( or providing further information once you are an Examiner , such as information in an Examiner 's `` bio '' ) ; creating a profile on our Site ; applying to become an advertiser or sponsor on our Site ; sharing content from our Site ; participation in online forums , commenting features , communities , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , referral programs or other promotions ; registration on our Site for any other reason ; or submitting feedback to us .
This information may include your name , address , email address , and other information you voluntarily provide to us , as well as information we may track regarding the articles you have viewed on our Site .
We also collect Non-PII through our Site .
The Non-PII collected does not by itself identify you personally .
However , if you have registered on the Site , it may be possible for us to link certain Non-PII to information that identifies you personally .
Non-PII collected by Examiner.com includes : information sent to us automatically by your web browser such as your IP address , the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site , information on your operating system ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) ; the date and time of your visit ; user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site ; and search terms you may enter in our Search function .
This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience .
We track additional information regarding certain actions by Examiners on or through our Site , such as usage of various environments and tools offered to Examiners , participation in our educational offerings for Examiners , participation in loyalty programs offered to Examiners , posting of content on our Site , and other actions on our Site .
Certain third party service providers also track Non-PII of users who visit our Site .
This is described further below .
How Information is Gathered
In order to improve your experience when using our Site , we , our third party service providers or advertisers may place a text file called a `` cookie '' in the browser files of your computer , which stores your preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience .
We , our third party service providers or advertisers may also use `` web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our users online .
These cookies and other technologies may be used to track user traffic patterns , to enhance your experience when using our Site , to persist information through your session , to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections , to target advertising or content to you as described further below , and to collect Non-PII about you and your visit to our Site for other marketing and business purposes .
You can adjust your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
Disabling cookies may result in a less complete experience while using the Site .
Third Party Advertising ; Targeting of Ads and Content
We use third party companies to serve ads on our Site , to provide us with data collection , ad response measurement , ad or content targeting , and other marketing or related services .
We have granted permission to these companies ( some of which are listed below ) and certain advertisers or customers of these companies to use cookies , web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies in order to collect Non-PII about our users ( subject to their own privacy guidelines ) for purposes of generating advertisements and other content targeted to your interests , and for other data collection , response measurement , marketing and related business purposes .
Following are links to the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners , which are subject to change from time to time :
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere , provides a website offering more information about behavioral advertising practices and your choices about not having certain Non-PII used by certain companies in order to target advertisements to you , as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general .
Examiner.com or our third party service providers may use PII or Non-PII collected on our Site :
To enhance or personalize your experience using our Site ;
To inform you of offers or new features that we believe may be of interest to you ;
To provide information or services you have requested ;
To process or maintain your registration on the Site ;
To process orders and facilitate advertisements or sponsorships on our Site ;
In connection with various programs , promotions or contests in which you participate ;
For targeting of advertising or content , or other advertising or marketing purposes ;
To study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site and to improve our Site ;
To analyze where we are getting our audience ( by reviewing IP addresses ) ;
For other purposes related to the business of Examiner.com ;
And for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement you may enter with Examiner.com including , if applicable , the Examiners Independent Contractor Agreement and License ) , or otherwise as we may disclose to you or to which you consent from time to time .
Examiner.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests .
We will not intentionally collect ( nor intentionally provide to an advertiser or sponsor ) information that a personally-identified user clicked on any particular ad .
However , by clicking on , otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad , and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites .
We may share your PII with : ( i ) our current or future affiliates , subsidiaries , parent company , or other related entities ( `` Examiner.com Entities '' ) ; ( ii ) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf ( such as data storage , web hosting , Examiner application processing , or other services ) ; and ( iii ) carefully selected third parties for purposes relating to content creation or distribution deals , selected Examiner.com or third party promotions we believe would be of interest to you , reward programs ( such as the `` Examiner Perks '' program offered to current Examiners ) , marketing activities , ad targeting as described above , or other purposes relevant to the business of Examiner.com .
PII submitted by purchasers of advertisements on our Site may be shared with companies processing such orders , and companies otherwise enabling such advertisements on behalf of Examiner.com .
An Examiner 's participation in the Examiner referral program represents the referring Examiner 's consent to the disclosure of that Examiner 's name to any person he or she refers who inquires as to the source of the referral .
We may also disclose the PII and Non-PII we collect through our Site when we , in good faith , believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or legal process ( including a court order or subpoena ) ; to prevent or investigate a possible crime , such as fraud or identity theft ; to enforce the Examiner.com Terms of Use or other agreements that you have entered into with Examiner.com Entities or that govern your use of our Site ; to protect the rights , property or safety of Examiner.com , our users or others ; or to protect your vital interests .
We may share analyses of our server logs , including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience , with current or potential advertisers or business partners .
Such disclosures will refer only to general , aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information .
Information submitted to our Site is an asset of Examiner.com and will become part of our normal business records .
Your PII may be transferred to another company that acquires the stock or assets of Examiner.com , for example , as the result of a sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or liquidation .
If such a transfer occurs , the acquiring company 's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy , and any privacy choices you selected in your online profile on our Site .
Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section , by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy , and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosures described in this Privacy Policy .
User Profiles ; Examiner Bios ; Comments ; and Other PII Posted by You
If you choose to participate as an Examiner on our Site you choose to register and create a profile as a user of our Site , or you choose to post comments on our Site , please be aware that your profile , your Examiner bio ( if applicable ) and any information you post on our Site ( within your profile , comments , or otherwise ) , including without limitation your name , photo , and any PII you provide in your public profile , as well as certain information regarding your actions on our Site ( such as your favorite Examiners or subscriptions to Examiners ) , will automatically be visible to the general public , and will potentially remain on the Site indefinitely .
Without limitation , this means that if you are an Examiner , your name , photo , and bio information you submit in connection with the articles you post on our Site , will remain on our Site even following termination of your status as an Examiner .
To the extent you have posted PII in your public user profile , in articles or comments on the Site , or otherwise in a publicly displayed manner on our Site , that information is available to the general public and can be used in connection with distribution and promotion of such content to third parties , for news reporting related to the article or comment in which the PII is located on our Site , or for other similar purposes , due to the fact that the information became public when you posted it on our Site .
If you choose to make your comments available to view on third party websites , such comments are subject to those third parties ' websites ' policies , and responses to such comments made on those third parties ' websites ' may also appear on our Site .
Third party websites , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers featured on our Site or accessible through links on our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
You may encounter these third party sites through links in Examiners ' articles , third party content widgets or excerpts on our Site , advertisements , features , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions featured or accessible via links from our Site .
We do not have any control over these third parties ' use of the information you may provide to them .
Examiner.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites .
You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party 's information on a feature or page operated by a third party .
International Users - Transfer of Information
Examiner.com is headquartered in the United States and has related entities in Canada , and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to Examiner.com in the United States and may be shared with Examiner.com Entities in Canada or elsewhere .
You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by Examiner.com and any Examiner.com Entities , or any of the other parties listed in the immediately preceding paragraph `` Sharing of Information , '' whether located in the United States or any other countries , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or for any other specific purposes to which you consent .
If you are located in a country other than the United States , you should note that , at present , the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing `` adequate protection '' for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries .
Please know , however , that no matter where your personal information is collected , used , transferred or stored , if it was collected through the Examiner.com Site , it will be protected by the terms of this Privacy Policy .
YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE USE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH HEREIN .
Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent .
The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , do not provide us with any PII .
If we learn that someone under 13 has provided PII to the Site , we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases .
How We Protect Information
Examiner.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems .
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary .
Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site 's users .
Accessing and Modifying Personal Information
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect , use and disclose your PII .
If you have registered on our Site in any manner ( including as an Examiner ) , you may update or modify your information or change your preferences at any time by logging in to the applicable section of our Site using your user name and password , and updating your user profile .
This Privacy Policy May Change
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy , at any time and without prior notice , by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy .
You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked `` Privacy Policy '' at the bottom of each page of our Site .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 28 , 2011

We created this privacy policy statement in order to show our firm commitment to your privacy .
In our subscription form we ask for your email address and optionally your name .
We do not ask for any additional information .
We use your email address to contact you when necessary and to send you classified ads in categories that you have requested .
To unsubscribe you may use the unsubscribe form .
To remove your published ads , you may request links to remove each ad using the following form .
Your email address is confidential and we will it not make it available , under any circumstances , to commercial third-parties .
When placing ads , our web logs track the current date and time and the IP address used .
In order to enforce its terms of use , expatriates.com may dislose information about its users to law enforcement agencies or others .
This is particularly the case if a user defrauds other expatriates.com users , deliberately places an ad impersonating another person , or publishes anothers person 's private information .
Cookies and Web Beacons
In the course of paid ads being served on this web site , third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser , or using web beacons to collect information .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Expatriates.com provides a bulletin board for classified ads and a discussion board accessible to any visitor .
Please remember that any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
When you post a message either on the bulletin board or the discussion board , your email address is optional .

Expedia.ca 's Privacy Pledge
We at Expedia , Inc. understand that booking online involves significant trust on your part .
We value your trust , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Please read this policy to learn about our privacy practices .
By visiting this website , you are accepting the practices described herein .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
How you can access your information
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
How we protect your information
Data storage outside of Canada
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
This includes information that can identify you or that can be identified as being about you ( `` personal information '' ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and email addresses , fax number , and billing information ( such as credit card number , cardholder name , and expiration date ) .
We may also request information about your hotel room preferences , and frequent flyer and car rental program information .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member ; book travel ; complete a traveler profile ; participate in a survey , contest , or sweepstakes ; ask us a question ; or initiate other transactions on our site .
Travel Companion Information .
When you make a reservation for someone else through this website , we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual .
It is your responsibility to obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences .
Any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account .
Information from Other Sources .
We also may periodically obtain information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information .
Examples of information we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and demographic information .
When we collect information about you from a third party , we ensure that appropriate consent has been obtained .
By transacting on this site , you agree that we may collect such information for fraud prevention purposes .
We automatically collect session information about your computer when you visit this website .
For example , we will collect your IP address , Web browser software ( such as Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer ) , and referring website .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as trips viewed and bookings made .
We use this automatic information to customize your user experience ; to inhibit fraud ; to serve advertisements , special offers and other information that may be of interest to you ; and for other legitimate purposes we bring to your attention .
For more information , please see Cookies and other technologies .
If you do not want Expedia to collect or use this session information , you can access the travel services we offer `` offline '' by booking travel through our call center .
Please call 1-888-EXPEDIA ( 1-888-397-3342 ) or 1 ( 613 ) 780-1386 around the clock to speak to a representative personally .
How we use your information
We use sensitive billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the travel bookings you conduct on our site .
We use other information about you for the following general purposes : to provide you with the products and services you request ; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates ; to manage your account , including processing bills and providing travel notifications ; to communicate with you in general ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , and website ; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you ; to otherwise customize your experience with this website ; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join ; to solicit information from you , including through surveys ; to resolve disputes , collect fees , or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce our Terms of Use ; to comply with our legal obligations ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website .
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests .
For example , if you search for a flight to New York on our website and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel , we may send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or about a special airfare to New York .
Similarly , if you receive an email from us about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email , you may receive an email about New York hotel offers or other destination information .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages at the point of email collection and in any such email we send .
Please review `` Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information '' below .
With whom we share your information
This website may share your information with the following entities :
Suppliers , such as hotel , airline , car rental , and activity providers , who fulfill your travel reservations .
Throughout this site , all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such .
By making a reservation through this site , you are authorizing us to disclose to suppliers the information required to complete the booking and deliver the related travel .
These suppliers are not controlled by Expedia and personal information disclosed to them is subject to the applicable supplier 's privacy policy and security practices .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this site .
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you , facilitate your travel reservation , or respond to a review you may submit .
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including credit card processing , business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or , as discussed below , to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services , or whose products or services may be offered on our website .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear , either alone or with ours .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners and encourage you to review their privacy policies before you respond to any joint offer .
If you were referred to this website from another site ( for example , through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one ) , we may share limited information about you with that referring website .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here .
Companies within our corporate family .
We may share your personal information with our travel-related corporate affiliates , including Hotels.com , L.P. ; Hotwire .
Inc ; and Venere Net S.p.A .
This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which might interest you .
To the extent that our corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications .
Government and Law Enforcement Agencies .
We may be required to disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies and governments around the world for security , customs and immigration purposes .
For example , under U.S. Law , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Bureau of Customs and Border Protection requires that certain travel and reservation information , known as Passenger Name Record or PNR data , relating to people travelling to or from the U.S.A , , or through U.S. airspace , be provided to the Department prior to such travel .
We may disclose this information to airlines or other travel providers so that they can forward it to the applicable law enforcement agencies and governments .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company or this website , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
How you can access your information
You can access and update your contact information by visiting this website 's My Account page .
You can access other personal information that we may have about you by contacting us at the email address below .
You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information using our online tools .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account for as long as we have a legitimate reason for doing so , including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity .
Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to book travel or to take advantage of certain features offered on this site .
You also can add or update information and close your account as described above .
When you register as a member on this site , you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages from us about special offers .
As a registered member , you can modify your choice at any time on the My Account page .
Whether registered as a member or not , you will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements , administrative messages , and surveys relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
These communications are an integral part of the Expedia service offering , including Expedia 's community approach to reviewing travel , hotel and other products available through Expedia , which benefits all Expedia users .
You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile number in order to receive day-of-travel flight alerts .
You may discontinue these alerts at any time .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from this site , you will not be able to access portions of our site .
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer 's hard drive ( if your Web browser permits ) .
This website uses cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our site .
For example , if you register on our site , we may use cookies to remember your registration information , so you do not need to log into our site each time you visit .
We also may record your password in a cookie , if you checked the box entitled `` Sign me in automatically next time . ''
Please note that member IDs , passwords , and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes .
Unless you register with us , these cookies will not contain any personal information .
To help us customize the content and advertisements provided to you on this website and on other sites across the Internet .
For example , when you access a page on our website , a cookie is automatically set by us , our service providers , or our partners to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests .
See Display of Advertising/Your Choices for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices .
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings , advertisements , and email communications ( by determining which emails you open and act upon ) .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites .
In addition to the above cookies , we use Local Shared Objects , also referred to as `` flash cookies , '' on our website .
These are used to enhance your user experience , for example , by storing your user preferences and settings , such as your volume/mute settings , and in connection with animated content on our website .
Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies , but can store data more complex than simple text .
By themselves , they can not do anything to or with the data on your computer .
Like other cookies , they can only access personally identifiable information that you have provided on this site , and can not be accessed by other websites .
This site may also use Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or Web bugs ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page .
We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another , to deliver or communicate with cookies , to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website , and to improve site performance .
We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site .
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings .
If you do not want to accept cookies or Web beacons , you can access the travel services we offer `` offline '' by booking travel through our call center .
Please call 1-888-EXPEDIA ( 1-888-397-3342 ) or 1 ( 613 ) 780-1386 around the clock to speak to a representative personally .
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies , please email us at the email address below .
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising .
The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or by our service providers .
But we also allow third parties to collect information about the online activities of users of our website through cookies and other technologies .
We do not share with them any personal information about you , nor do we permit these third parties to collect personal information about you ( such as email address or other contact information ) on our site .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites ; and ( 2 ) advertising networks , which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics , interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
To learn more , please click here .
Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising .
Like other companies operating online , this website participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest ( such as travel ) .
These topics of interest are then shared with third parties , including advertisers and ad networks , so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests .
We do not share personal information ( such as your email address ) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site .
Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges , including how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using this website to make travel arrangements , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no website can guarantee data security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may only do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children .
Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information .
If any part of this website links you to other sites , those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Data storage outside of Canada
Please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored in , and processed in the United States , where our servers are located and our central database is operated , as well as other countries .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and these other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices generally , please contact us at :
Email : customer service and feedback form .
We will do our best to respond to your request within 24 hours .
Call : Please call 1-888-EXPEDIA ( 1-888-397-3342 ) or 1 ( 613 ) 780-1386 around the clock to speak to a representative personally .
Write : c/o Expedia Canada Corp. , 410 Adelaide Street West , Suite 610 , Toronto , Ontario M5V 1S8 .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 16 , 2012 .
Expedia , Inc. , 333 108th Ave. NE , Bellevue , WA 98004 USA

We value your trust , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Please read this policy to learn about our privacy practices .
By visiting this website , you are accepting the practices described herein .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
How you can access your information
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
Using the Expedia mobile phone and tablet Apps ( the `` Mobile Apps '' )
How we protect your information
Visiting our website from outside the United States
U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
This includes information that can identify you ( `` personal information '' ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and email addresses , and billing information ( such as credit card number , cardholder name , and expiration date ) .
We may also request information about your hotel room preferences and frequent flyer and car rental program information .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member ; book travel ; complete a traveler profile ; participate in a survey , contest , or sweepstakes ; ask us a question ; or initiate other transactions on our site .
Travel Companion Information .
When you make a reservation for someone else through this website , we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual .
You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences , as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account .
Information from Other Sources .
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information .
Examples of information we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and demographic information .
In addition , if you sign up for Expedia.com using your social media account , link your Expedia.com account to your social media account , or use certain other Expedia.com social media features , we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with the provider 's policies .
The information may include your name , email address , profile picture , gender , list of friends , and other information that you authorize us to receive .
Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends , we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations ( `` Location Data '' ) to provide you with relevant content .
Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider .
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website .
For example , we will collect your IP address , Web browser software ( such as Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer ) , and referring website .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as trips viewed and bookings made .
Our goals in collecting this automatic information include helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud .
For more information , please see Cookies and other technologies .
How we use your information
We use sensitive billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the travel bookings you conduct on our site .
We use other information about you for the following general purposes : to provide you with the products and services you request ; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates ; to manage your account , including processing bills and providing travel notifications ; to communicate with you in general ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , and website ; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you ; to otherwise customize your experience with this website ; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join ; to solicit information from you , including through surveys ; to resolve disputes , collect fees , or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce our Terms of Use ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website .
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests .
For example , if you search for a flight to New York on our website and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel , we may send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or about a special airfare to New York .
Similarly , if you receive an email from us about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email , you may receive an email about New York hotel offers or other destination information .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
Please review `` Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information '' below .
With whom we share your information
This website may share your information with the following entities :
Suppliers , such as hotel , airline , car rental , and activity providers , who fulfill your travel reservations .
Throughout this site , all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such .
We do not share your email address with these suppliers unless they need it to fulfill the travel reservation you have made on Expedia.com , and we restrict their use of this information to that purpose .
We do not place limitations on our suppliers ' use or disclosure of your other personal information .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this site .
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you , facilitate your travel reservation , or respond to a review you may submit .
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including credit card processing , business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to .
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services , or whose products or services may be offered on our website .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear , either alone or with ours .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your personal information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners .
If you were referred to this website from another site ( for example , through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one ) , we may share some information about you with that referring website .
We have not placed limitations on the referring websites use of your personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here .
Companies within our corporate family .
We may share your personal information with our parent company and corporate affiliates , including Hotwire and hotels.com , as well as international corporate affiliates such as Expedia.co.uk .
This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which might interest you .
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and , at a minimum , give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company or this website , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
Expedia Business Rewards Program .
If you are a member of the Expedia Business Rewards Program , information related to your bookings will be shared with your employer .
This information may include the name of the person booking travel ; destination ; travel dates ; relevant suppliers , including hotels and airlines ; and itinerary number .
It will not include credit card numbers , passport numbers , or frequent flier numbers .
If you terminate your membership in this Program , no further information will be shared .
How you can access your information
You can access and update your contact information by visiting this website 's Member Profile page .
You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account , including for analytical purposes as well as for record keeping integrity .
Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to book travel or to take advantage of certain features offered on this site .
You also can add or update information and close your account as described above .
You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial emails in any such message that we send you .
If you are a registered member , you can also modify your choice at any time on the Member Profile page .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements , administrative messages , and surveys relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile number in order to receive day-of-travel flight alerts .
You may discontinue these alerts at any time .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from this site , you will not be able to access portions of our site .
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer 's hard drive ( if your Web browser permits ) .
This website uses cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our site .
For example , if you register on our site , we may use cookies to remember your registration information , so you do not need to log into our site each time you visit .
We also may record your password in a cookie , if you checked the box entitled `` Sign me in automatically next time . ''
Please note that member IDs , passwords , and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes .
Unless you register with us , these cookies will not contain any personal information .
To help us customize the content and advertisements provided to you on this website and on other sites across the Internet .
For example , when you access a page on our website , a cookie is automatically set by us , our service providers , or our partners to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests .
See Display of Advertising/Your Choices for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices .
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings , advertisements , and email communications ( by determining which emails you open and act upon ) .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites .
In addition to the above cookies , we use Local Shared Objects , also referred to as `` flash cookies , '' on our web site .
These are used to enhance your user experience , for example , by storing your user preferences and settings , such as your volume/mute settings , and in connection with animated content on our website .
Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies , but can store data more complex than simple text .
By themselves , they can not do anything to or with the data on your computer .
Like other cookies , they can only access personally identifiable information that you have provided on this site , and can not be accessed by other websites .
This site may also use Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or Web bugs ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page .
We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another , to deliver or communicate with cookies , to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website , and to improve site performance .
We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site .
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings .
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies , please email us using our customer service and feedback form .
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
Data collected by this website to serve you with relevant advertising .
Expedia.com is committed to providing you with relevant content and information .
To do this , we may , through cookies and other technologies , collect information about your travel-related searches , such as whether you are looking for airline flights or hotels .
We use this information , together with other information we have collected about you , to serve you with ads , on our website or elsewhere online , that match your apparent interests .
So , for example , if you search for a flight to Florida on this site , you may see an ad for a Florida travel package on this site or on another website you visit .
Please note that we do not combine the information we collect about your travel-related searches on this website with personal information ( such as email address ) to serve you with ads across other websites .
We also do not share your personal information with third parties so they can serve you with advertisements .
You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on other websites , based on your travel-related searches on this website , by clicking here or here .
Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads , you will still see online advertisements , but they will be more general and less relevant to you .
Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising .
The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or by our service providers .
But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites ; and ( 2 ) advertising networks , which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics , interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you ( such as email address ) on our site , nor do we share with them any personal information about you .
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
To learn more , please click here or here .
Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising .
Like other companies operating online , Expedia.com participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest ( such as travel ) .
These topics of interest are then shared with third parties , including advertisers and ad networks , so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests .
We do not share personal information ( such as your email address ) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site .
Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges , including how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs .
Using the Expedia mobile phone and tablet Apps ( the `` Mobile Apps '' )
When you use an Expedia Mobile App , we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website .
In addition to this , we also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use our Mobile Apps .
We collect information about Mobile App functionality that you access and use .
This allows us to identify those areas of the Mobile App that are of interest to our customers so that we can refine and continuously improve the Mobile App .
The information we collect for this purpose does not enable us to directly identify you .
Each Mobile App also sends us the device 's unique device identifier ( or `` UID '' ) , a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device .
We use this only on the first opening of the Mobile App so that we can confirm to our advertising networks the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other marketing tools .
When you use a Mobile App , you can choose to allow access to your current location provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies in order to identify nearby hotels or airports .
If you choose to allow access , this location data may be collected anonymously as part of search requests logged by our servers .
You can switch off the Mobile App 's access to your location at any time through your phone settings menu .
Each Mobile App will also send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs .
This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the Mobile App for future releases .
As part of these error reports , the Mobile App sends us information about the mobile device type and version , the UID , the time the error occurred , the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred .
We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error .
You always have the ability to control what information a Mobile App sends to us .
You can exercise this control either by changing the settings of the Mobile App under its setting menu or changing the settings of your mobile device .
Alternatively , you can remove the Mobile App from your mobile device entirely and access our services through our website .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using this website to make travel arrangements , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no website can guarantee security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may only do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children .
Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information .
If any part of this website links you to other sites , those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Visiting our website from outside the United States
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States , where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
As described in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement , we comply with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy ( or your travel planning or purchases ) , please email us using our customer service and feedback form .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 22 , 2013 .

Date of Last Revision : November 15 , 2013
Information we receive and how it is used
Information we receive about you
Usernames and User IDs
How we use the information we receive
Deleting and deactivating your account
Sharing and finding you on Facebook
Control each time you post
Control over your timeline
Finding you on Facebook
Access on phones and other devices
What your friends and others share about you
Other websites and applications
Controlling what information you share with applications
Controlling what is shared when the people you share with use applications
Logging in to another site using Facebook
Advertising and Facebook content
Cookies , pixels and other similar technologies
Some other things you need to know
Information we receive and how it is used
Information we receive about you
We receive a number of different types of information about you , including :
Your information is the information that 's required when you sign up for the site , as well as the information you choose to share .
Registration information : When you sign up for Facebook , you are required to provide information such as your name , email address , birthday , and gender .
In some cases , you may be able to register using other information , like your telephone number .
Information you choose to share : Your information also includes the information you choose to share on Facebook , such as when you post a status update , upload a photo , or comment on a friend 's story .
It also includes the information you choose to share when you communicate with us , such as when you contact us using an email address , or when you take an action , such as when you add a friend , like a Page or a website , add a place to your story , use our contact importers , or indicate you are in a relationship .
Your name , profile pictures , cover photos , gender , networks , username and User ID are treated just like information you choose to make public .
Your birthday allows us to do things like show you age-appropriate content and advertisements .
Information others share about you
We receive information about you from your friends and others , such as when they upload your contact information , post a photo of you , tag you in a photo or status update , or at a location , or add you to a group .
When people use Facebook , they may store and share information about you and others that they have , such as when they upload and manage their invites and contacts .
Other information we receive about you
We also receive other types of information about you :
We receive data about you whenever you use or are running Facebook , such as when you look at another person 's timeline , send or receive a message , search for a friend or a Page , click on , view or otherwise interact with things , use a Facebook mobile app , or make purchases through Facebook .
When you post things like photos or videos on Facebook , we may receive additional related data ( or metadata ) , such as the time , date , and place you took the photo or video .
We receive data from or about the computer , mobile phone , or other devices you use to install Facebook apps or to access Facebook , including when multiple users log in from the same device .
This may include network and communication information , such as your IP address or mobile phone number , and other information about things like your internet service , operating system , location , the type ( including identifiers ) of the device or browser you use , or the pages you visit .
For example , we may get your GPS or other location information so we can tell you if any of your friends are nearby , or we could request device information to improve how our apps work on your device .
We receive data whenever you visit a game , application , or website that uses Facebook Platform or visit a site with a Facebook feature ( such as a social plugin ) , sometimes through cookies .
This may include the date and time you visit the site ; the web address , or URL , you 're on ; technical information about the IP address , browser and the operating system you use ; and , if you are logged in to Facebook , your User ID .
Sometimes we get data from our affiliates or our advertising partners , customers and other third parties that helps us ( or them ) deliver ads , understand online activity , and generally make Facebook better .
For example , an advertiser may tell us information about you ( like how you responded to an ad on Facebook or on another site ) in order to measure the effectiveness of - and improve the quality of - ads .
As described in `` How we use the information we receive '' we also put together data from the information we already have about you , your friends , and others , so we can offer and suggest a variety of services and features .
For example , we may make friend suggestions , pick stories for your News Feed , or suggest people to tag in photos .
We may put together your current city with GPS and other location information we have about you to , for example , tell you and your friends about people or events nearby , or offer deals to you in which you might be interested .
We may also put together data about you to serve you ads or other content that might be more relevant to you .
When we get your GPS location , we put it together with other location information we have about you ( like your current city ) .
But we only keep it until it is no longer useful to provide you services , like keeping your last GPS coordinates to send you relevant notifications .
We only provide data to our advertising partners or customers after we have removed your name and any other personally identifying information from it , or have combined it with other people 's data in a way that it no longer personally identifies you .
When we use the phrase `` public information '' ( which we sometimes refer to as `` Everyone information '' ) , we mean the information you choose to make public , as well as information that is always publicly available .
Information you choose to make public
Choosing to make your information public is exactly what it sounds like : anyone , including people off Facebook , will be able to see it .
Choosing to make your information public also means that this information :
can be associated with you ( i.e. , your name , profile pictures , cover photos , timeline , User ID , username , etc . ) even off Facebook ;
can show up when someone does a search on Facebook or on a public search engine ;
will be accessible to the Facebook-integrated games , applications , and websites you and your friends use ; and
will be accessible to anyone who uses our APIs such as our Graph API .
Sometimes you will not be able to select an audience when you post something ( like when you write on a Page 's wall or comment on a news article that uses our comments plugin ) .
This is because some types of stories are always public stories .
As a general rule , you should assume that if you do not see a sharing icon , the information will be publicly available .
When others share information about you , they can also choose to make it public .
Information that is always publicly available
The types of information listed below are always publicly available , and they are treated just like information you decided to make public :
Name : This helps your friends and family find you .
If you are uncomfortable sharing your real name , you can always delete your account .
Profile Pictures and Cover Photos : These help your friends and family recognize you .
If you are uncomfortable making any of these photos public , you can always delete them .
Unless you delete them , when you add a new profile picture or cover photo , the previous photo will remain public in your profile picture or cover photo album .
Networks : This helps you see who you will be sharing information with before you choose `` Friends and Networks '' as a custom audience .
If you are uncomfortable making your network public , you can leave the network .
Gender : This allows us to refer to you properly .
Username and User ID : These allow you to give out a custom link to your timeline or Page , receive email at your Facebook email address , and help make Facebook Platform possible .
Usernames and User IDs
Usernames and User IDs are the same thing - a way to identify you on Facebook .
A User ID is a string of numbers and a username generally is some variation of your name .
If someone has your Username or User ID , they can use it to access information about you through the facebook.com website .
For example , if someone has your Username , they can type facebook.com/Username into their browser and see your public information as well as anything else you 've let them see .
Similarly , someone with your Username or User ID can access information about you through our APIs , such as our Graph API .
Specifically , they can access your public information , along with your age range , language and country .
If you do not want your information to be accessible to Platform applications , you can turn off all Platform applications from your Privacy Settings .
If you turn off Platform you will no longer be able to use any games or other applications until you turn Platform back on .
For more information about the information that apps receive when you visit them , see Other websites and applications .
People can use your Facebook email address to send you messages and anyone in a message conversation can reply to it .
How we use the information we receive
We use the information we receive about you in connection with the services and features we provide to you and other users like your friends , our partners , the advertisers that purchase ads on the site , and the developers that build the games , applications , and websites you use .
For example , in addition to helping people see and find things that you do and share , we may use the information we receive about you :
as part of our efforts to keep Facebook products , services and integrations safe and secure ;
to protect Facebook 's or others ' rights or property ;
to provide you with location features and services , like telling you and your friends when something is going on nearby ;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of ads you and others see , including to deliver relevant ads to you ;
to make suggestions to you and other users on Facebook , such as : suggesting that your friend use our contact importer because you found friends using it , suggesting that another user add you as a friend because the user imported the same email address as you did , or suggesting that your friend tag you in a picture they have uploaded with you in it ; and
for internal operations , including troubleshooting , data analysis , testing , research and service improvement .
Granting us permission to use your information not only allows us to provide Facebook as it exists today , but it also allows us to provide you with innovative features and services we develop in the future that use the information we receive about you in new ways .
While you are allowing us to use the information we receive about you , you always own all of your information .
Your trust is important to us , which is why we do n't share information we receive about you with others unless we have :
received your permission ;
given you notice , such as by telling you about it in this policy ; or
removed your name and any other personally identifying information from it .
Of course , for information others share about you , they control how it is shared .
We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others , including those described above .
Typically , information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted .
For certain categories of data , we may also tell you about specific data retention practices .
We may enable access to public information that has been shared through our services .
We may allow service providers to access information so they can help us provide services .
We are able to suggest that your friend tag you in a picture by scanning and comparing your friend 's pictures to information we 've put together from your profile pictures and the other photos in which you 've been tagged .
If this feature is enabled for you , you can control whether we suggest that another user tag you in a photo using the `` Timeline and Tagging '' settings .
Deleting and deactivating your account
If you want to stop using your account , you can either deactivate or delete it .
Deactivating your account puts your account on hold .
Other users will no longer see your timeline , but we do not delete any of your information .
Deactivating an account is the same as you telling us not to delete any information because you might want to reactivate your account at some point in the future .
Your friends will still see you listed in their list of friends while your account is deactivated .
When you delete your account , it is permanently deleted from Facebook .
It typically takes about one month to delete an account , but some information may remain in backup copies and logs for up to 90 days .
You should only delete your account if you are sure you never want to reactivate it .
Certain information is needed to provide you with services , so we only delete this information after you delete your account .
Some of the things you do on Facebook are n't stored in your account , like posting to a group or sending someone a message ( where your friend may still have a message you sent , even after you delete your account ) .
That information remains after you delete your account .
Sharing and finding you on Facebook
Control each time you post
Whenever you post content ( like a status update , photo or check-in ) , you can select a specific audience , or even customize your audience .
To do this , simply click on the sharing icon and choose who can see it .
Choose this icon if you want to make something Public .
Choosing to make something public is exactly what it sounds like .
It means that anyone , including people off Facebook , will be able to see or access it .
Choose this icon if you want to share with your Facebook Friends .
Choose this icon if you want to Customize your audience .
You can also use this to hide your story from specific people .
If you tag someone , that person and their friends can see your story no matter what audience you selected .
The same is true when you approve a tag someone else adds to your story .
Always think before you post .
Just like anything else you post on the web or send in an email , information you share on Facebook can be copied or re-shared by anyone who can see it .
Although you choose with whom you share , there may be ways for others to determine information about you .
For example , if you hide your birthday so no one can see it on your timeline , but friends post `` happy birthday ! '' on your timeline , people may determine your birthday .
When you comment on or `` like '' someone else 's story , or write on their timeline , that person gets to select the audience .
For example , if a friend posts a Public story and you comment on it , your comment will be Public .
Often , you can see the audience someone selected for their story before you post a comment ; however , the person who posted the story may later change their audience .
So , if you comment on a story , and the story 's audience changes , the new audience can see your comment .
You can control who can see the Facebook Pages you 've `` liked '' by visiting your timeline , clicking on the Likes box on your timeline , and then clicking `` Edit . ''
Sometimes you will not see a sharing icon when you post something ( like when you write on a Page 's wall or comment on a news article that uses our comments plugin ) .
This is because some types of stories are always public stories .
As a general rule , you should assume that if you do not see a sharing icon , the information will be publicly available .
Control over your timeline
Whenever you add things to your timeline you can select a specific audience , or even customize your audience .
To do this , simply click on the sharing icon and choose who can see it .
Choose this icon if you want to make something Public .
Choosing to make something public is exactly what it sounds like .
It means that anyone , including people off Facebook , will be able to see or access it .
Choose this icon if you want to share with your Facebook Friends .
Choose this icon if you want to Customize your audience .
You can also use this to hide the item on your timeline from specific people .
When you select an audience for your friend list , you are only controlling who can see the entire list of your friends on your timeline .
We call this a timeline visibility control .
This is because your friend list is always available to the games , applications and websites you use , and your friendships may be visible elsewhere ( such as on your friends ' timelines or in searches ) .
For example , if you select `` Only Me '' as the audience for your friend list , but your friend sets her friend list to `` Public , '' anyone will be able to see your connection on your friend 's timeline .
Similarly , if you choose to hide your gender , it only hides it on your timeline .
This is because we , just like the applications you and your friends use , need to use your gender to refer to you properly on the site .
When someone tags you in a story ( such as a photo , status update or check-in ) , you can choose whether you want that story to appear on your timeline .
You can either approve each story individually or approve all stories by your friends .
If you approve a story and later change your mind , you can remove it from your timeline .
When you hide things on your timeline , like posts or connections , it means those things will not appear on your timeline .
But , remember , anyone in the audience of those posts or who can see a connection may still see it elsewhere , like on someone else 's timeline or in search results .
You can also delete your posts or change the audience of content you post , which means you can remove people from or add people to the audience of the content .
People on Facebook may be able to see mutual friends , even if they can not see your entire list of friends .
Some things ( like your name , profile pictures and cover photos ) do not have sharing icons because they are always publicly available .
As a general rule , you should assume that if you do not see a sharing icon , the information will be publicly available .
Finding you on Facebook
To make it easier for your friends to find you , we allow anyone with your contact information ( such as email address or telephone number ) to find you through the Facebook search bar at the top of most pages , as well as other tools we provide , such as contact importers - even if you have not shared your contact information with them on Facebook .
You can choose who can look up your timeline using the email address or telephone number you added to your timeline through your Privacy Settings .
But remember that people can still find you or a link to your timeline on Facebook through other people and the things they share about you or through other posts , like if you are tagged in a friend 's photo or post something to a public page .
Your settings do not control whether people can find you or a link to your timeline when they search for content they have permission to see , like a photo or other story in which you 've been tagged .
Access on phones and other devices
Once you share information with your friends and others , they may be able to sync it with or access it via their mobile phones and other devices .
For example , if you share a photo on Facebook , someone viewing that photo could save it using Facebook tools or by other methods offered by their device or browser .
Similarly , if you share your contact information with someone or invite someone to an event , they may be able to use Facebook or third party applications or devices to sync that information .
Or , if one of your friends has a Facebook application on one of their devices , your information ( such as the things you post or photos you share ) may be stored on or accessed by their device .
You should only share information with people you trust because they will be able to save it or re-share it with others , including when they sync the information to a device .
Your activity log is a place where you can go to view most of your information on Facebook , including things you 've hidden from your timeline .
You can use this log to manage your content .
For example , you can do things like delete stories , change the audience of your stories or stop an application from publishing to your timeline on your behalf .
When you hide something from your timeline , you are not deleting it .
This means that the story may be visible elsewhere , like in your friends ' News Feed .
If you want to delete a story you posted , choose the delete option .
What your friends and others share about you
Anyone can add a link to a story .
Links are references to something on the Internet ; anything from a website to a Page or timeline on Facebook .
For example , if you are writing a story , you might include a link to a blog you are referencing or a link to the blogger 's Facebook timeline .
If someone clicks on a link to another person 's timeline , they 'll only see the things that they are allowed to see .
A tag is a special type of link to someone 's timeline that suggests that the tagged person add your story to their timeline .
In cases where the tagged person is n't included in the audience of the story , it will add them so they can see it .
Anyone can tag you in anything .
Once you are tagged , you and your friends will be able to see it ( such as in News Feed or in search ) .
You can choose whether a story you 've been tagged in appears on your timeline .
You can either approve each story individually or approve all stories by your friends .
If you approve a story and later change your mind , you can always remove it from your timeline .
If you do not want someone to tag you , we encourage you to reach out to them and give them that feedback .
If that does not work , you can block them .
This will prevent them from tagging you going forward .
Social reporting is a way for people to quickly and easily ask for help from someone they trust .
If you are linked to in a private space ( such as a message or a group ) only the people who can see the private space can see the link .
Similarly , if you are linked to a comment , only the people who can see the comment can see the link .
As described in the `` what your friends and others share about you '' section of this policy , your friends and others may share information about you .
They may share photos or other information about you and tag you in their posts .
If you do not like a particular post , tell them or report the post .
Once you are in a Group , anyone in that Group can add you to a subgroup .
When someone adds you to a Group , you will be listed as `` invited '' until you visit the Group .
You can always leave a Group , which will prevent others from adding you to it again .
Facebook Pages are public pages .
Companies use Pages to share information about their products .
Celebrities use Pages to talk about their latest projects .
And communities use Pages to discuss topics of interest , everything from baseball to the opera .
Because Pages are public , information you share with a Page is public information .
This means , for example , that if you post a comment on a Page , that comment may be used by the Page owner off Facebook , and anyone can see it .
When you `` like '' a Page , you create a connection to that Page .
The connection is added to your timeline and your friends may see it in their News Feeds .
You may be contacted by or receive updates from the Page , such as in your News Feed and your messages .
You can remove the Pages you 've `` liked '' through your timeline or on the Page .
Some Pages contain content that comes directly from the Page owner .
Page owners can do this through online plugins , such as an iframe , and it works just like the games and other applications you use through Facebook .
Because this content comes directly from the Page owner , that Page may be able to collect information about you , just like any website .
Page administrators may have access to insights data , which will tell them generally about the people that visit their Page ( as opposed to information about specific people ) .
They may also know when you 've made a connection to their Page because you 've liked their Page or posted a comment .
To control who can see the Facebook Pages you 've liked , visit our Help Center .
Other websites and applications
Facebook Platform ( or simply Platform ) refers to the way we help you share your information with the games , applications , and websites you and your friends use .
Facebook Platform also lets you bring your friends with you , so you can connect with them off Facebook .
In these two ways , Facebook Platform helps you make your experiences on the web more personalized and social .
Remember that these games , applications and websites are created and maintained by other businesses and developers who are not part of , or controlled by , Facebook , so you should always make sure to read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data .
Controlling what information you share with applications
When you connect with a game , application or website - such as by going to a game , logging in to a website using your Facebook account , or adding an app to your timeline - we give the game , application , or website ( sometimes referred to as just `` applications '' or `` apps '' ) your basic info ( we sometimes call this your `` public profile '' ) , which includes your User ID and your public information .
We also give them your friends ' User IDs ( also called your friend list ) as part of your basic info .
Your friend list helps the application make your experience more social because it lets you find your friends on that application .
Your User ID helps the application personalize your experience because it can connect your account on that application with your Facebook account , and it can access your basic info , which includes your public information and friend list .
This includes the information you choose to make public , as well as information that is always publicly available .
If the application needs additional information , such as your stories , photos or likes , it will have to ask you for specific permission .
The `` Apps '' setting lets you control the applications you use .
You can see the permissions you have given these applications , the last time an application accessed your information , and the audience on Facebook for timeline stories and activity the application posts on your behalf .
You can also remove applications you no longer want , or turn off all Platform applications .
When you turn all Platform applications off , your User ID is no longer given to applications , even when your friends use those applications .
But you will no longer be able to use any games , applications or websites through Facebook .
When you first visit an app , Facebook lets the app know your language , your country , and whether you are in an age group , for instance , under 18 , between 18-20 , or 21 and over .
Age range lets apps provide you with age-appropriate content .
If you install the app , it can access , store and update the information you 've shared .
Apps you 've installed can update their records of your basic info , age range , language and country .
If you have n't used an app in a while , you should consider removing it .
Once you remove an app , it wo n't be able to continue to update the additional information you 've given them permission to access , but it may still hold the information you have already shared .
You always can contact the app directly and request that they delete your data .
Sometimes a game console , mobile phone , or other device might ask for permission to share specific information with the games and applications you use on that device .
If you say okay , those applications will not be able to access any other information about you without asking specific permission from you or your friends .
Sites and apps that use Instant Personalization receive your User ID and friend list when you visit them .
But remember , apps may still be able to access your information when the people you share with use them .
And , if you 've removed an application and want it to delete the information you 've already shared with it , you should contact the application .
Visit the application 's page on Facebook or its own website to learn more about the app .
For example , Apps may have reasons ( e.g . legal obligations ) to retain some data that you share with them .
Controlling what is shared when the people you share with use applications
Just like when you share information by email or elsewhere on the web , information you share on Facebook can be re-shared .
This means that if you share something on Facebook , anyone who can see it can share it with others , including the games , applications , and websites they use .
Your friends and the other people you share information with often want to share your information with applications to make their experiences on those applications more personalized and social .
For example , one of your friends might want to use a music application that allows them to see what their friends are listening to .
To get the full benefit of that application , your friend would want to give the application her friend list - which includes your User ID - so the application knows which of her friends is also using it .
Your friend might also want to share the music you `` like '' on Facebook .
If you have made that information public , then the application can access it just like anyone else .
But if you 've shared your likes with just your friends , the application could ask your friend for permission to share them .
You can control most of the information other people can share with applications they use from the `` App '' settings page .
But these controls do not let you limit access to your public information and friend list .
If you want to completely block applications from getting your information when your friends and others use them , you will need to turn off all Platform applications .
This means that you will no longer be able to use any third-party Facebook-integrated games , applications or websites .
If an application asks permission from someone else to access your information , the application will be allowed to use that information only in connection with the person that gave the permission , and no one else .
For example , some apps use information such as your friends list , to personalize your experience or show you which of your friends use that particular app .
Logging in to another site using Facebook
Facebook Platform lets you log into other applications and websites using your Facebook account .
When you log in using Facebook , we give the site your User ID ( just like when you connect with any other application ) , but we do not share your email address or password with that website through this process without your permission .
If you already have an account on that website , the site may also be able to connect that account with your Facebook account .
Sometimes it does this using what is called an `` email hash '' , which is similar to searching for someone on Facebook using an email address .
Only the email addresses in this case are hashed so no email addresses are actually shared between Facebook and the website .
The website sends over a hashed version of your email address , and we match it with a database of email addresses that we have also hashed .
If there is a match , then we tell the website the User ID associated with the email address .
This way , when you log into the website using Facebook , the website can link your Facebook account to your account on that website .
Social plugins are buttons , boxes , and stories ( such as the Like button ) that other websites can use to present Facebook content to you and create more social and personal experiences for you .
While you view these buttons , boxes , and stories on other sites , the content comes directly from Facebook .
Sometimes plugins act just like applications .
You can spot one of these plugins because it will ask you for permission to access your information or to publish information back to Facebook .
For example , if you use a registration plugin on a website , the plugin will ask your permission to share your basic info with the website to make it easier for you to register for the website .
Similarly , if you use an `` Add To Timeline '' plugin , the plugin will ask for your permission to publish stories about your activities on that website to Facebook .
If you make something public using a plugin , such as posting a public comment on a newspaper 's website , then that website can access your comment ( along with your User ID ) just like everyone else .
If you post something using a social plugin and you do not see a sharing icon , you should assume that story is Public .
For example , if you post a comment through a Facebook comment plugin on a site , your story is Public and everyone , including the website , can see your story .
Websites that use social plugins can sometimes tell that you have engaged with the social plugin .
For example , they may know that you clicked on a Like button in a social plugin .
We receive data when you visit a site with a social plugin .
We keep this data for a maximum of 90 days .
After that , we remove your name and any other personally identifying information from the data , or combine it with other people 's data in a way that it is no longer associated with you .
Instant personalization ( sometimes also referred to as `` Start now '' ) is a way for Facebook to help partners ( such as Bing and Rotten Tomatoes ) on and off Facebook to create a more personalized and social experience for logged in users than a social plugin can offer .
When you visit a site or app using instant personalization , it will know some information about you and your friends the moment you arrive .
This is because sites and apps using instant personalization can access your User ID , your friend list , and your public information .
The first time you visit a site or app using instant personalization , you will see a notification letting you know that the site or app has partnered with Facebook to provide a personalized experience .
The notification will give you the ability to disable or turn off instant personalization for that site or app .
If you do that , that site or app is required to delete all of the information about you it received from Facebook as part of the instant personalization program .
In addition , we will prevent that site from accessing your information in the future , even when your friends use that site .
If you decide that you do not want to experience instant personalization for all partner sites and apps , you can disable instant personalization from the `` Apps '' settings page .
If you turn off instant personalization , these partner third party sites and apps will not be able to access your public information , even when your friends visit those sites .
If you turn off an instant personalization site or app after you have been using it or visited it a few times ( or after you have given it specific permission to access your data ) , it will not automatically delete information about you it received through Facebook .
Like all other apps , the site is required by our policies to delete information about you if you ask it to do so .
To join the instant personalization program , a potential partner must enter into an agreement with us designed to protect your privacy .
For example , this agreement requires that the partner delete information about you if you turn off instant personalization when you first visit the site or app .
It also prevents the partner from accessing any information about you until you or your friends visit its site .
Instant personalization partners sometimes use an email hash process to see if any of their users are on Facebook and get those users ' User IDs .
This process is similar to searching for someone on Facebook using an email address , except in this case , the email addresses are hashed so no actual email addresses are exchanged .
The partner is also contractually required not to use your User ID for any purpose ( other than associating it with your account ) until you or your friends visit the site .
When you visit a site or app using instant personalization , we provide the site or app with your User ID and your friend list ( as well as your age range , locale , and gender ) .
The site or app can then connect your account with your friends ' accounts to make the site or app instantly social .
The site can also access public information associated with any of the User IDs it receives , which it can use to make them instantly personalized .
For example , if the site is a music site , it can access your music interests to suggest songs you may like , and access your friends ' music interests to let you know what they are listening to .
Of course it can only access your or your friends ' music interests if they are public .
If the site or app wants any additional information , it will have to get your specific permission .
Your public search setting controls whether people who enter your name on a public search engine may see your public timeline ( including in sponsored results ) .
You can find your public search setting on the `` Privacy Settings and Tools '' settings page .
This setting does not apply to search engines that access your information as an application using Facebook Platform .
If you turn your public search setting off and then search for yourself on a public search engine , you may still see a preview of your timeline .
This is because some search engines cache information for a period of time .
Advertising and Facebook content
Facebook offers a range of products that allow advertisers to reach people on and off Facebook .
In addition to the information we provide in this section , you can also learn more about advertising products , how they work , our partnerships , and the controls you have , by visiting our `` Advertising on Facebook '' page .
When we deliver ads , we do not share your information ( information that personally identifies you , such as your name or contact information ) with advertisers unless you give us permission .
We may provide advertisers with information when we have removed your name and other personally identifying information from it , or combined it with other information so that it no longer personally identifies you .
For example , we may tell an advertiser how its ads perform or how many people viewed or clicked on their ads or install an app after seeing an ad .
So we can show you content that you may find interesting , we may use all of the information we receive about you to serve ads that are more relevant to you .
For example , this includes :
information you provide at registration or add to your account or timeline ,
things you share and do on Facebook , such as what you like , and your interactions with advertisements , partners , or apps ,
keywords from your stories , and
things we infer from your use of Facebook .
For many ads we serve , advertisers may choose their audience by location , demographics , likes , keywords , and any other information we receive or infer about users .
Here are some of the ways advertisers may target relevant ads :
demographics and interests : for example , 18 to 35 year-old women who live in the United States and like basketball ;
topics or keywords : for example , `` music '' or people who like a particular song or artist ;
Page likes ( including topics such as products , brands , religion , health status , or political views ) : for example , if you like a Page about gluten-free food , you may receive ads about relevant food products ; or
categories ( including things like `` moviegoer '' or a `` sci-fi fan '' ) : for example , if a person `` likes '' the `` Star Trek '' Page and mentions `` Star Wars '' when they check into a movie theater , we may infer that this person is likely to be a sci-fi fan and advertisers of sci-fi movies could ask us to target that category .
In addition to delivering relevant ads , Facebook sometimes pairs ads with social context , meaning stories about social actions that you or your friends have taken .
For example , an ad for a sushi restaurant 's Facebook Page may be paired with a News Feed story that one of your friends likes that Page .
We also sometimes serve these same types of ads on other sites or may serve just the social context ( such as with ads served by others ) , so that the ads are more relevant to you .
Just like any other content you share on Facebook , only people who you 're already sharing with on Facebook would see it when it is paired with an ad .
We also allow advertisers to reach people on Facebook using the information they already have about you ( such as email addresses or whether you have visited their websites previously ) .
You can learn more about ads , social context , and our partnerships , including the relevant settings and controls available to you , by visiting the Advertising on Facebook page .
If an advertiser chooses to run ads , we serve the ads to people who meet criteria the advertiser selects .
So , if someone views or otherwise interacts with the ad , the advertiser might assume that the person meets the criteria they selected ( for example , that the person is an 18-to-35-year-old woman who lives in the U.S. and likes basketball ) .
We require advertisers to comply with our Advertising Guidelines , including provisions relating to the use of sensitive data .
Advertisers and their partners sometimes use cookies or other similar technologies in order to serve and measure ads and to make their ads more effective .
Learn more about cookies , pixels and similar technologies .
When you post a story on Facebook and an advertiser sponsors it , nothing changes about the audience of the post .
Only the people who could originally see the post ( the people you shared it with ) are eligible to see it .
We like to tell you about some of the features and tools your friends and others use on Facebook , to help you have a better experience .
For example , if your friend uses our friend finder tool to find more friends on Facebook , we may tell you about it to encourage you to use it as well .
This of course means your friend may similarly see suggestions based on the things you do .
But we will try to only show it to friends that could benefit from your experience .
Cookies , pixels and other similar technologies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer , mobile phone or other device .
Pixels are small blocks of code on webpages that do things like allow another server to measure viewing of a webpage and often are used in connection with cookies .
We use technologies like cookies , pixels , and local storage ( like on your browser or device , which is similar to a cookie but holds more information ) to provide and understand a range of products and services .
We use these technologies to do things like :
make Facebook easier or faster to use ;
enable features and store information about you ( including on your device or in your browser cache ) and your use of Facebook ;
deliver , understand and improve advertising ;
monitor and understand the use of our products and services ; and
protect you , others and Facebook .
For example , we may use these tools to know you are logged in to Facebook , to help you use social plugins and share buttons , or to know when you are interacting with our advertising or Platform partners .
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to computers , mobile phones or other devices , which may use a cookie , pixel or other similar technology placed by Facebook or the third party ( although we would not share information that personally identifies you with an advertiser ) .
Most companies on the web use cookies ( or other similar technological tools ) , including our advertising and Platform partners .
For example , our Platform partners , advertisers or Page administrators may use cookies or similar technologies when you access their apps , ads , Pages or other content .
Cookies and things like local storage help make Facebook work , like allowing pages to load faster because certain content is stored on your browser or by helping us authenticate you to deliver personalized content .
Refer to your browser or device 's help material to learn what controls you can often use to remove or block cookies or other similar technologies or block or remove other data stored on your computer or device ( such as by using the various settings in your browser ) .
If you do this , it may affect your ability to use Facebook or other websites and apps .
Some other things you need to know
Facebook complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Union .
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor program , we agree to resolve disputes you have with us in connection with our policies and practices through TRUSTe .
Contact us with questions or disputes
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Data Use Policy or practices , please contact us by mail at 1601 Willow Road , Menlo Park , CA 94025 if you reside in the U.S. or Canada , or at Facebook Ireland Ltd. , Hanover Reach , 5-7 Hanover Quay , Dublin 2 Ireland if you live outside the U.S. or Canada .
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm
We may access , preserve and share your information in response to a legal request ( like a search warrant , court order or subpoena ) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so .
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction , affects users in that jurisdiction , and is consistent with internationally recognized standards .
We may also access , preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to : detect , prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity ; to protect ourselves , you and others , including as part of investigations ; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm .
Information we receive about you , including financial transaction data related to purchases made with Facebook , may be accessed , processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation , governmental investigation , or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies , or otherwise to prevent harm .
We also may retain information from accounts disabled for violations of our terms for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other violations of our terms .
You can access and correct most of your personal data stored by Facebook by logging into your account and viewing your timeline and activity log .
You can also download a copy of your personal data by visiting your `` Settings '' ( General Account Settings page ) , clicking on `` Download a copy of your Facebook data '' and then clicking on the link for your expanded archive .
Notifications and Other Messages
We may send you notifications and other messages using the contact information we have for you , like your email address .
You can control most of the notifications you receive , including ones from Pages you like and applications you use , using controls we provide , such as a control included in the email you receive or in your `` Notifications '' settings .
We offer tools to help you upload your friends ' contact information so that you and others can find friends on Facebook , and invite friends who do not use Facebook to join , and so we can offer you and others better experiences on Facebook through suggestions and other customized experiences .
If you give us your password , we will delete it after you upload your friends ' contact information .
When you invite a friend to join Facebook , we send a message on your behalf using your name , and we may also include names and pictures of other people your friend might know on Facebook .
We 'll also send a few reminders to those you invite , but the invitation will also give your friend the opportunity to opt out of receiving other invitations to join Facebook .
We may memorialize the account of a deceased person .
When we memorialize an account , we keep the timeline on Facebook , but limit access and some features .
We also may close an account if we receive a formal request that satisfies certain criteria .
We may share information we receive with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Facebook is part of , or that become part of that group ( often these companies are called affiliates ) .
Likewise , our affiliates may share information with us as well .
This sharing is done in compliance with applicable laws including where such applicable laws require consent .
We and our affiliates may use shared information to help provide , understand , and improve our services and their own services .
We give your information to the people and companies that help us provide , understand and improve the services we offer .
For example , we may use outside vendors to help host our website , serve photos and videos , process payments , analyze data , conduct and publish research , measure the effectiveness of ads , or provide search results .
In some cases we provide the service jointly with another company , such as the Facebook Marketplace .
In all of these cases our partners must agree to only use your information consistent with the agreement we enter into with them , as well as this Data Use Policy .
We do our best to keep your information secure , but we need your help .
For more detailed information about staying safe on Facebook , visit the Facebook Security Page .
We try to keep Facebook up , bug-free and safe , but ca n't make guarantees about any part of our services or products .
If the ownership of our business changes , we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate the service .
But they will still have to honor the commitments we have made in this Data Use Policy .
If we make changes to this Data Use Policy we will notify you ( for example , by publication here and on the Facebook Site Governance Page ) .
If the changes are material , we will provide you additional , prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances .
You can make sure that you receive notice directly by liking the Facebook Site Governance Page .
Unless we make a change for legal or administrative reasons , or to correct an inaccurate statement , we will give you seven ( 7 ) days to provide us with comments on the change .
After the comment period , if we adopt any changes , we will provide notice ( for example , on the Facebook Site Governance Page or in this policy ) of the effective date .
Information for users outside of the United States and Canada
The company Facebook Ireland Ltd. has been established and registered in Ireland as a private limited company , Company Number : 462932 , and is the data controller responsible for your personal information .
Directors : Sonia Flynn ( Irish ) , Shane Crehan ( Irish ) .
Your California privacy rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about what personal information a company shares with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Facebook does not share your information with third parties for the third parties ' own and independent direct marketing purposes unless we receive your permission .
Learn more about the information we receive and how it is used and other websites and applications .

In this policy , `` us '' , `` we '' or `` our '' means Fairfax Media Limited ( ABN 15 008 663 161 ) and its related bodies corporate .
This policy sets out :
what kind of information we collect ;
how we collect it ;
why we collect it ;
how we use it ;
how we disclose it ;
opting in and out ;
management and security ;
how to seek access to and update your personal information ; and
how to contact us .
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cwth ) ( subject to exemptions that apply to us under that Act ) .
We may , from time to time , review and update this policy , including to take account of new or amended laws , new technology and/or changes to our operations .
All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy .
This policy was last updated in January 2011 .
What information we collect
In general , the personal information we collect about you includes ( but is not limited to ) your name , contact details ( including phone numbers and addresses ) and possibly financial information , including your credit card information .
We also collect information about you that is not personal information .
For example , we may collect data relating to your activity on our websites ( including IP addresses ) via tracking technologies such as cookies , or we may collect information from you in response to a survey .
We generally use this information to report statistics , analyse trends , administer our services , diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services .
To the extent this information does not constitute personal information , the National Privacy Principles do not apply and we may use this information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever .
We generally advise that you do not publish or communicate personal information , or at least limit the personal information that you publish or communicate , to the public via our services , such as in our classifieds , forums or blogs ( Non-Confidential Information ) .
You acknowledge that we can not control any third party collection or use of your Non-Confidential Information .
You agree that we may use and disclose Non-Confidential Information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever .
how we collect it
We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources , including from you , advertisers , mailing lists , recruitment agencies , contractors and business partners .
We may collect your personal information when you request or acquire a product or service from us , register with us as a member , provide a product or service to us , complete a survey or questionnaire , enter a competition or event , contribute in a fundraising event , participate in our services ( including our radio programs , blogs and forums ) or when you communicate with us by e-mail , telephone or in writing ( for example if you contact customer service to make a complaint or provide feedback ) .
If , at any time , you provide personal or other information about someone other than yourself , you warrant that you have that person 's consent to provide such information for the purpose specified .
why we collect it
The primary purpose for which we collect information about you is to provide you with products and services you have requested .
We also collect information about you for the purposes outlined below .
We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information .
If you do not provide us with the information that we request , we may not be able to provide you with our products or services .
For example , if you do not register as a member of a website , you will not be able to access features or services that are reserved for members only .
how we use it
In addition to the primary purpose outlined above , we may use the personal information we collect , and you consent to us using your personal information :
to provide you with news and information about our products and services ;
to send marketing and promotional material that we believe you may be interested in .
This material may relate to any of Fairfax 's businesses or a third party business which we believe may be of interest to you ;
for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods and services to you ;
to personalise and customise your experiences ;
to manage and enhance our products and services ;
to communicate with you , including by email , mail or telephone ;
to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of Fairfax and selected third parties ;
to verify your identity ;
to investigate any complaints about or made by you , or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our terms and conditions or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity ; and/or
as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) .
how we disclose it
We may disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to other members of the Fairfax Group ( in which case , your personal information will be collected , used , disclosed , managed and stored in accordance with this policy ) .
We may also disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to third parties :
engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf , such as newsagents , processing credit card information , mailouts , debt collection , marketing , research and advertising ;
that are our agents , business partners or joint venture entities or partners ;
that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via our services ;
authorised by you to receive information held by us ;
as part of any investigation into you or your activity , for example , if we have reason to suspect that you have committed a breach of any of our terms and conditions , or have otherwise been engaged in any unlawful activity , and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the Police , any relevant authority or enforcement body , or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator ;
as part of a sale ( or proposed sale ) of all or part of our business ; and/or
as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) .
Opting in or out
At the point we collect information from you , you may be asked to opt in to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information other than in accordance with this policy or any applicable law .
For example , you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from our advertisers and supporters which do not fall into one of the categories described above .
You will generally be given the opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from us or from third parties that send communications to you in accordance with this policy .
For example , you will be given the option to unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other marketing or promotional material sent by us .
You may opt out from receiving these communications by either clicking on an unsubscribe link at the end of an email or by updating your personal details on our Member Centre page .
You may also cancel your account on our Member Centre page .
If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy , or in breach of any law , please write to us using this form .
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the management of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Privacy Act .
Other than in relation to Non-Confidential Information , we will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse , loss , or unauthorised access , including by means of firewalls , pass word access , secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions .
However , you acknowledge that the security of online transactions and the security of communications sent by electronic means or by post can not be guaranteed .
You provide information to us via the internet or by post at your own risk .
We can not accept responsibility for misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information where the security of information is not within our control .
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party ( including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your personal information to in accordance with this policy or any applicable laws ) .
The collection and use of your information by such third party/ies may be subject to separate privacy and security policies .
If you suspect any misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information , please let us know immediately .
Accessing and updating your information and how to contact us
Subject to some exceptions in the Privacy Act , you have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you .
If you make an access request , we will ask you to verify your identity .
We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request .
Members of our websites will generally be able to access and update their membership details online .
We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you .
If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you , or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect , use , disclose , manage or store your personal information , you can contact the department that collected your personal information in the first instance , or write to :
Tracking and Targeting Policy
Fairfax Facebook App privacy policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on : September 4 , 2013 .
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION PROVISIONS : Your use of our Site or other Service is subject to binding individual arbitration of any disputes which may arise , as provided in Paragraph 18 of the Terms of Use .
Please read the arbitration provisions carefully and do not use our Site or other Service if you are unwilling to arbitrate any disputes you may have with us ( including without limitation any disputes relating to this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices ) as provided in the Terms of Use .
By visiting our Site or otherwise signing up for and/or using our Service , you are subject to these privacy policies .
Fandango is concerned about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how it collects , uses and shares your information .
This Policy outlines the type of information that we collect and receive from you while you are using our Site or other Service .
Additionally this Policy identifies the ways in which we process , and sometimes share , such information and what control and choices you have with regard to the collection and use of your personal information .
Please review this Policy carefully , especially before providing any personal information through our Site or other Service .
Our Site and Service are operated in and controlled from the United States of America .
If you have any questions about this Policy or do n't see your concerns addressed here , please use the contact information provided at the end of this Policy to contact us .
What this Privacy Policy Covers : The practices described in this Policy only apply to the following :
Information collected online on this Site .
Information collected when you use our Service , including when you download , register for or use our wireless applications via your cell phone or other mobile device or when such Service and applications interact with this Site .
Like many other websites , we may now or in the future provide other websites or mobile services with , and allow users to `` snag '' or place , our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites or mobile services we do not control .
This Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or mobile services or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites or mobile services .
What this Privacy Policy Does Not Cover : This Policy does not cover any of the following :
Information you give to us offline , for example when you send a letter to our business address or leave a message on our voicemail system .
Information collected by third parties , even if collected on or through our Site or other Service .
For example , we may embed a content feed , video player or other application from a third party on our Site or other Service .
These third party applications may appear to be part of our Site or other Service , but the content is provided by a third party server .
By accessing this third party application , the third party owner may send its own cookies and collect its own data regarding your interaction with the application and may solicit your personal information as part of your use of such application .
We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of these third party providers and you should review such privacy policies prior to providing any Personally Identifiable Information to them .
This Policy will be posted on this Site for your review and from time to time as part of registering or providing information in connection with this Site or other Service , we may provide you with a short notice reminding you to refer to this Policy and other relevant information from us when using our Site or other Service .
PLEASE REVIEW THIS POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE FOR THIS SITE AND/OR SERVICE CAREFULLY .
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND/OR SERVICE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH POLICY AND TERMS OF USE .
What Types of Information Fandango Collects
How Fandango Collects Information
How Fandango Uses Information
Special Privacy Terms Related to Mobile Applications
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties
Third Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites
Guidelines Regarding Children ( COPPA )
How We Protect and Secure Your Information
Your California Privacy Rights ( California residents )
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION FANDANGO COLLECTS
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and to improve your experience of using our Site or other Service .
In order to do so , we collect the following types of information :
Personally identifiable information is any information that identifies a living individual , such as your first and last name , mailing address , phone number , mobile phone number email address , photograph , credit/debit card number and expiration date ( or other payment-method information ) , login ID , member name and password and other information about a specific individual that identifies the individual ( `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
When you sign up for or use the Site or other Service , Fandango collects some amount of Personally Identifiable Information from you .
Fandango also collects Personally Identifiable Information that you may voluntarily provide when you use the Site or other Service , that you may disclose in a public area of the Site or other Service ( such as a rating/review page , message board or chat room ) , or that you may include if you communicate with Fandango , such as by responding to polls or survey , registering for sweepstakes , contests and other promotional opportunities , or seeking help from our customer service department .
We also may obtain Personally Identifiable Information from reputable third parties , such as credit agencies .
In some instances , when you use certain features of the Site or other Service , Fandango may collect the email addresses or other Personally Identifiable Information of others that you may provide .
Unless stated otherwise at the point of collection , we will treat any such Personally Identifiable Information that you submit about other people in accordance with this Policy .
Fandango collects information from you automatically when you use the Site or other Service .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not specifically identify a living individual and is not used with Personally Identifiable Information to determine an individual 's identity , including a computer 's Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , a mobile device 's unique identifier , computer and device connection information such as browser type or version , demographic information , such as a person 's age , ZIP code and other data collected automatically through the operation of this Site or other Service ( `` Non-Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
We may collect site usage data and other Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( such as which Site pages are visited and in what sequence ) through the use of various technologies .
For example , our Web servers automatically collect IP addresses from computers and other devices that visit the Site .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer by the Internet service provider whenever the computer is connected to the Internet .
Web servers , the computers that `` serve up '' and deliver Web pages , automatically identify a computer by its IP address , and when a page is requested from a website , its servers log the IP address of the computer requesting the page .
When we are collecting information regarding what pages and content on this Site or other Service a computer is accessing and using , in general we do not link that computer 's IP addresses to any Personally Identifiable Information , so although the Site usage data associated with a computer 's IP address will be logged , your identity will remain anonymous to us and the Site .
For portions of the Site or other Service that may require registration or a log-in , we may also collect your registration , username and password information from you when you register or log in to those portions of the Site or other Service .
During some visits , we may use software tools , such as Javascript , to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page .
HOW FANDANGO COLLECTS INFORMATION
Like many sites , we and third parties that provide content on and through the Site or other Service use `` cookies '' or other similar technologies to collect information .
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your computer from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive when you visit a website .
Fandango 's cookies contain Personally Identifiable Information , such as your Login ID and your email address , as well as Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
Fandango uses cookies to allow you to log in automatically and to ensure that you have agreed to the terms , conditions and policies that govern your use of the Site or other Service .
In addition , Fandango uses cookies to measure traffic activity on the Site , track your use of the Site or other Service , and provide you with a more personalized user experience by allowing Fandango to provide targeted advertising and determine which areas of the Site or other Service may be the most popular or useful to you .
Similarly , if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions , by using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent , but it is possible that some parts of the Site or other Service may not function properly if you do so .
Certain internet browsers , such as Internet Explorer , Chrome , Firefox and Safari , also allow you to block , control and remove cookies from your computer .
For more information regarding your specific browser , please consult the browser 's Help section or browser provider 's website .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet .
Fandango logs your IP address and uses your IP address to track your usage of the Site or other Service .
Pixel Tags , also called clear GIFs , web beacons or similar means ( collectively `` Pixel Tags '' ) , are invisible files on Web pages that you visit .
When you visit a page on the Site that contains a Pixel Tag , the Pixel Tag communicates with your computer to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information , and determine , among other things , whether you have been to that page before or viewed a particular advertisement .
Fandango uses Pixel Tags to serve relevant advertising , enhance email advertising , and track usage of the Site or other Service .
Where authorized and as permitted by FTC guidelines and all other applicable laws , rules and regulations , Fandango may also use or allow the use of trusted vendors and other third party companies who may gather data for appropriate business purposes such as managing advertising and/or generating reports on Site traffic and statistics .
We may also use other monitoring technologies to gather anonymous statistics about our Site visitors .
HOW FANDANGO USES INFORMATION
We will use your Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes for which it was provided .
For example , Fandango may use your Personally Identifiable Information to notify you of changes to the Site or other Service , to let you know about opportunities and other products or services you may be interested in , and to request your participation in surveys or other promotions .
You can choose not to receive certain communications from Fandango as described in the section below entitled `` Communication Preferences . ''
Fandango also uses your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with information that you request , and deliver content to you that is relevant to your interests .
If you use Fandango to give a gift , Fandango may use the email addresses you provide to send your gifts , and other communications relating to such transaction , and any further communications as may be authorized by the recipient .
We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site or Service users on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give those businesses your name or address .
Under certain circumstances ( for example , if you win a contest ) we may post your Personally Identifiable Information on this Site .
We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personally Identifiable Information and if possible , when the Personally Identifiable Information is posted .
Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site or other Service and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to Personally Identifiable Information obtained from you .
If any Non-Personally Identifiable Information is linked with Personally Identifiable Information , the linked Non-Personally Identifiable Information will then be treated as Personally Identifiable Information .
Fandango also combines your usage information for the Site or other Service with that of other users ( `` Aggregate Information '' ) to determine which features and areas of the Site or other Service are most popular .
Aggregate Information does not contain any of your personally Identifiable Information .
By collecting and analyzing this data , Fandango can improve the Site or other Service .
Additionally , we may share this type of Non-Personally Identifiable Information with a variety of third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners , for any purpose .
We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this site .
To learn more about these companies , please click on the Ad Choices icon at the bottom of each page .
Special Privacy Terms Related to Mobile Applications
This section of the Policy governs your use of any Fandango software application ( `` Application '' ) on a mobile device ( such as a mobile phone or tablet ) , providing a Fandango Site or other Service .
Information the Application Obtains and Uses
User Provided Information The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application .
Registration with us may be optional .
However , please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us .
When you register with us and use the Application , you may provide some or all of the following : ( a ) your name , email address , user name , password and other registration information ; ( b ) transaction-related information , such as when you make purchases , respond to any offers , or download or use applications from us ; ( c ) information you provide us when you contact us for help ; and ( d ) information you enter into our system when using the Application , such as contact or credit card information .
We may also use the information you provided to us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information , required notices and marketing promotions .
Automatically Collected Information In addition , the Application may collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the unique device ID of your mobile device , the IP address of your mobile device , your mobile operating system , the type of mobile internet browser you use , and information about the way you use the Application .
See `` Automatic Data Collection and Advertising '' section for further information .
Application Collection of Device Location Information
This Application does collect precise information about the location of your device .
In order to allow the Application to collect real-time location information you must select `` Find my location '' when prompted by the Application and also enable the GPS services on your mobile device .
We use your location information to provide requested location services such as advertising or offers from local businesses and their locations .
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by managing your location preferences in the `` My Account '' section of the Application or disabling the GPS services on your mobile device .
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage .
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks , who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application .
Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application , including the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number .
To protect the anonymity of this information , we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties ca n't identify you personally .
These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you 've downloaded to your mobile device , the mobile websites you visit , your non-precise location information ( i.e . your zip code ) and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere .
We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising-related use .
You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device .
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
You can also withdraw your consent to receive `` push '' notifications and/or to the collection of your physical location information at any time by disabling or changing the related functionality or setting as provided in your mobile device .
Fandango is 100 % opposed to unsolicited commercial email ( `` spam '' ) .
We do not have any desire to send unsolicited marketing emails to anyone without permission and we do not sell or provide user email addresses to any unauthorized third party in violation of this Policy .
All of our newsletters and other general email marketing communications also include an `` unsubscribe '' opt-out link that you may use to ask that we discontinue such emails to you .
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Fandango reserves the right to share any Personally Identifiable Information or other information about you which you provide to ( or which is gathered from ) the Fandango Site or other Service with any or all of its subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively , our `` Affiliates '' ) ( subject to the opt-out right described below , with respect to disclosures of Personally Identifiable Information to Affiliates for their direct marketing uses ) .
Subject to the applicable privacy policies under which such information was collected , Fandango may also have access to any information you provide to ( or which is gathered from ) the web sites of any of our Affiliates .
Disclosure to Third Parties
Like many businesses , we sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site or other Service , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing wireless services , providing fulfillment services , sending e-mails , and processing payments .
When we employ a third party to perform these functions , that third party will only be provided with the particular Personally Identifiable Information it needs to perform its function , and is required to protect the Personally Identifiable Information .
For third-party sponsored sweepstakes , contests or promotions , we may request Personally Identifiable Information from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request .
If Fandango sells all or part of the Site and/or other Service or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may , in our sole discretion , transfer , sell or assign your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction .
Upon such transfer , the privacy policies of the acquiring entity may govern the further collection and use of your Personally Identifiable Information .
In addition , we may disclose Personally Identifiable Information under the following circumstances to : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) enforce our Terms of Use ; or ( 7 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process .
Fandango shares Aggregate Information with potential partners , advertisers , investors and other interested third parties in connection with the marketing of Fandango 's products and services .
However , Aggregate Information does not include any of your Personally Identifiable Information .
Selling and Renting Information
Fandango does not sell or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties .
However , in the event that you expressly opt-in via the Site or other Service to receive particular products or services , or information about products or services , that are offered by third parties , or otherwise authorize us to do so , we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with those third parties as appropriate for those limited purposes .
Fandango may also share with those same third parties certain limited personal information that , without other information , does not specifically identify you .
Social Media Plug-Ins and Sharing with Other Sites You May Authorize
Social media plug-ins of social networks , which may include but are not limited to Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr and Pinterest , may be integrated into our Site and other Services .
Where our Site or other Service contains a plug-in to a social networking site , these are clearly marked ( i.e . with a button ) .
If you choose to click on one of these buttons or links , you browser will connect directly to the servers of the relevant social networking site .
The social media network directly transmits the content of the plug-in to your browser .
If you are a member of a social network service or you use other Internet sites where you have authorized them to gather information about your online behavior on the Fandango Site or other Service , including your use of a plug-in or other participation in any behavioral reporting program that they may operate on or off of their own site , Fandango may share information regarding your activities on our Site or other Service with those third parties pursuant to your authorization , and they may associate that information with Personally Identifiable Information they already have about you ( such as your Facebook Profile ) and use it to improve their site or services or for other purposes .
Fandango does not control the privacy policies of such third parties , and their privacy policies will govern their use of your information once it has been transmitted by Fandango .
Fandango assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise .
Accordingly , make sure you are aware of and comfortable with the privacy policies of any third parties that you authorize to gather information from Fandango .
During registration and certain purchases , and via the `` My Account '' section of our Site , you can set your email preferences with respect to receiving certain communications from Fandango and our partners .
In addition , all of our newsletters and other general email marketing communications also include an `` unsubscribe '' opt-out link that you may use to ask that we discontinue such emails to you .
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Fandango does not control the privacy policies of its advertisers or other third parties that have Web sites linked to the Site or other Service or with whom we may share your information in accordance with this Policy .
If you click on an advertisement or link , the privacy policies of the Web site that you link to will govern the use of your information by that Web site 's operator .
Fandango assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise .
Accordingly , make sure you are aware of and comfortable with the privacy policies of any third-party Web sites you link to .
GUIDELINES REGARDING CHILDREN ( COPPA
Fandango is not designed or intended for use by children under 13 .
If you are under 18 , you should use Fandango only with involvement of a parent or guardian .
At various places on the Site or other Service , we may ask users for their age .
Children under 13 are expressly prohibited from submitting any Personally Identifiable Information ( as defined below ) to us , and if we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information from a child under 13 , we will take appropriate steps to delete it .
Please remember that information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums become public information .
Please use caution when posting .
Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any Personally Identifiable Information when participating in an area of the Site or other Service where posting might become public .
If you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information in a public area of the Site or other Service , such as a rating/review page , chat room or message board , that information may be collected and used by a third party to send you unsolicited messages , advertisements or for other purposes .
Fandango does not control the actions of users in public areas of the Site or other Service .
If you disclose Personally Identifiable Information in a public area , you do so at your own risk .
Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or other Service .
HOW WE PROTECT AND SECURE YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain security measures in place in order to attempt to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the Personally Identifiable Information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that the Internet and other various networking communication media are not entirely secure , and your information may therefore be subject to interception or loss which is beyond our control .
While we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any Personally Identifiable Information you transmit to us .
Any transmission is done at your own risk .
Accordingly , Fandango assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information ( personally identifiable or otherwise ) due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond Fandango 's reasonable control .
The interpretation and application of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
This Site or other Service is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site or other Service is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the Site or other Service do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
If you are located in a country outside the United States and submit personal information to us , you are consenting to the transfer , processing , storage and use of that information in the United States as provided in this Policy .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS ( California residents
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Attn : California Privacy Rights
12200 West Olympic Blvd , Suite 400
Los Angeles , CA 90064
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
When you use the Site or other Service , you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Policy , and Fandango will have the right to use your Personally Identifiable Information or other information about you as described in this Policy .
If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Policy , you must not use the Site or other Service and you must follow the opt-out provisions above .
If you have questions or concerns about this Policy , please contact Customer Support or write to Fandango at the contact address listed below .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time , we may revise this Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the `` Last Updated '' legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Internet , accessible through the Site .
By continuing to use the Site or other Service following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , please do not continue using the Site or other Service .
To the extent that an arbitrator or court of applicable jurisdiction determines that applying any changes to this Policy would render this an illusory or unenforceable contract , such changes shall be applicable on a prospective basis only , with respect to events or circumstances occurring after the date of such changes , to the extent necessary to avoid this Policy being deemed illusory or unenforceable .
Your access to and use of the Site or other Service is also subject to the Terms of Use .
Attn : Privacy Policies
12200 West Olympic Blvd , Suite 400
Los Angeles , CA 90064

The FanFiction.Net Privacy Policy describes how FanFiction.Net treat personal information when you use FanFiction.Net services .
FanFiction.Net may collect limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website .
This log information may include but not limited to your Internet Protocol address , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser .
We use this information to operate , develop and improve our services .
Some of our services require you to register for an account .
FanFiction.Net asks you for some personal information in order to create an account ( typically your name , email address and a password for your account ) and we will use that information to provide the service .
A `` cookie '' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better understand how people interact with us .
FanFiction.Net does this by storing user preferences in cookies .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some FanFiction.Net features or services may not function properly without cookies .
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals , unless we have your consent .
We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances :
We have your consent .
We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of FanFiction.Net , its users or the public .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to site staffs who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services .
For more information , please see the help pages for each service .
Third-party Advertisers , Links to Other Sites
FanFiction.Net allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements within FanFiction.Net .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on FanFiction.Net .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see .
FanFiction.Net does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices .
FanFiction.Net 's privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other advertisers or web sites .
Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with FanFiction.Net is maintained and dealt with by FanFiction.Net in accordance with this privacy policy .
Last Updated March 5 , 2009

FAO 's Privacy Policy covers the collection and sharing of visitors ' information on all sites within the FAO website .
In general , users may browse the FAO website without revealing any personal information .
The only information gathered during general browsing is from standard server logs .
This includes user 's IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , domain name , browser type and operating system .
It also includes the files downloaded , pages visited and the dates and times of those visits .
Such information is used internally for the purpose of website traffic analysis only .
To register for a newsletter , log on to a specific FAO website requiring registration , request information , provide feedback , apply for a job , join a discussion group or join an electronic mailing list , users will be asked to provide basic personal information such as name , postal address and email address .
This information is collected only with the user 's knowledge and permission , and it is kept in FAO databases and mailing lists directly related to the services provided .
Parts of the FAO website with specific requirements to collect personal information may publish additional privacy terms specific to that site .
Some parts of the FAO website registration processes use cookies to save details for the next visit .
This helps FAO provide a better service .
When joining an electronic discussion group , other participants of the discussion group ( including non-FAO employees ) may see personal information that the user has volunteered .
For open discussion groups , this information will be public .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this FAO computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for authorized investigations and to maintain required correspondence files , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used to determine the number of users and , occasionally , which general domains are accessing the FAO website .
The FAO website does not use persistent cookies and data gathered are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with United Nations and FAO guidelines .
Any information provided to FAO by users is held with the utmost care and security , and is not used in any manner other than that set forth in this Privacy Policy , or in any additional site-specific policies , without users ' explicit consent .
All FAO employees who have access to or are associated with the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters , including personal data .
FAO reserves the right to amend this policy at its own discretion .

Fark 's Legal and Privacy Statement
Text comments and Photoshopped images posted on Fark by registered users may not be reposted or broadcast without the express written permission or license from Fark.com , and must attribute Fark.com as the source .
By using Fark , You agree that you will not use any robot , harvesting bots , spider , scraper , or other automated means to access the site for any purpose without our express written permission .
You further agree that You will not take any action that imposes or may impose ( in our sole discretion ) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted on the site .
By posting an image or other content or by making a comment , you represent and warrant to Fark that ( 1 ) doing so does not violate or infringe anyone else 's rights ; and ( 2 ) you created the file or other content you are uploading , or otherwise have sufficient intellectual property rights to upload the material consistent with these terms .
By posting content , you are confirming that the content is yours and that the uploading and use of your content does not violate the privacy rights , publicity rights , copyrights , contract rights , trademark right , or any other intellectual property rights of any other party .
If we learn , or become aware , that you are infringing the rights of others or are using content that is not your own ( or have the permission to use same ) , Fark retains the right to remove this content and you agree that you are responsible for any costs , fees , fines , penalties , judgments and/or legal fees associated with the infringement , regardless of whether the infringement occurred with or without your knowledge ( i.e . the responsibility is yours to ensure you are the owner or have rights to post prior to posting )
When you make your content public ( i.e . by posting or submitting to our website ) , you grant Fark a worldwide , non-exclusive , royalty-free license ( with sublicense and assignment rights ) to copy , distribute , stream , post publicly display ( e.g . post it elsewhere ) , reproduce and create derivative works from it ( meaning things based on it ) , anywhere , whether in print or any kind of electronic version that exists now or is later developed , to create derivative works of , to allow downloads of , and/or distribute any such file or content for any purpose , including a commercial purpose .
Copyrights and Copyright Agents .
We respect the intellectual property of others , and we ask you to do the same .
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement , please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information ( see 17 U.S.C . 512 ( c ) ( 3 ) for further detail ) :
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest ;
Description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on Fark.com ;
Your address , telephone number , and email address ;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ; and
A statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf .
Fark , TotalFark , Foobies , Fark This , and the Fark , TotalFark , and Foobies logos , are registered trademarks of Fark , Inc .
Farked is a trademark of Fark , Inc .
Fark respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same .
If you see anything on our site that you believe infringes your copyright rights , you may notify our Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( `` DMCA '' ) agent by sending the following information :
Identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed ; Identification of the material on our servers that is claimed to be infringing and that is to be removed , including the URL of the Fark thread in question or other information to enable us to locate the material ; A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you as copyright owner , or by your agent , or by law ; A statement that the information in your notice is accurate , and under penalty of perjury , that you are the owner ( or authorized to act on behalf of the owner ) of the exclusive copyright right that is allegedly being infringed .
Your physical or electronic signature , or of someone authorized to act on your behalf ; Instructions on how we may contact you : preferably email , but also address and phone
Our agent to receive such notifications of claimed infringement is Drew Curtis .
Fark utilizes the same procedure ( s ) for any claimed trademark violations or other infringements .
If we receive a DMCA notice and remove something you submitted anonymously , we will have no way of notifying you , you will have to contact us if you think that may have occurred .
Keep in mind that Fark reserves the right to remove any content , at any time , whether or not it infringes or violates any of our policies .
Fark logos and trademark
Fark welcomes the use of the Fark logo and trademark to promote , reference , or link back to Fark.com or associated accounts .
Below are some logos that can be used for this purpose :
Fark consents to the above logos being slightly cropped or adjusted to fit a differently-sized standard on other sites , as long as the name `` Fark '' is still clearly legible .
For legibility , the logo should be no less than 25 pixels in height .
Fark 's Privacy Policy
We will not give your addresses to third parties .
We hate spammers .
Bunch of jackasses is what they are .
Fark is committed to user privacy in our products and services .
This policy outlines our personal information handling practices .
If you give us personal information , we will treat it according to this policy .
Fark encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all web sites you visit .
Below is a summary of Fark 's online privacy policy .
Types and uses of personal information
Your personal information is used in the following ways :
User IDs and Passwords .
Provides you with access to your profile areas and to protected content .
These tell us more about who you are , how to contact you , and your shipping and billing information .
Customer Feedback and Support .
Provides a mechanism for requesting information from Fark .
Also used to tell us how we can improve our products , services and site designs .
Used to raise and respond to issues and inquiries of all types .
Also used to distribute information about Fark , our products , and services .
Shows which products and services you have requested .
We will only use your personal information in the ways specified when it was collected .
We will not subsequently change the way in which we use your personal information unless you consent to the new usage .
We protect the personal information you share with us .
Authorized third party agents may also need access to some of your personal information .
For example , if we need to ship something to you , we must share your name and address with a shipping company .
We only provide third party agents with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested service or transaction .
We do not otherwise share your personal information with third parties unless you have granted us permission to do so .
Fark will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected .
We provide links to third party sites .
Since we do not control these Web sites , we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these ( and all ) third party sites .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information from our systems .
Fark encourages parents to go online with their kids .
Here are a few tips to help make a child 's online experience safer :
Teach kids never to give personal information , unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult .
Includes name , address , phone , school , etc
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate .
Look for Web site privacy policies .
Know how your child 's information is treated .
Check out the FTC 's site ( 1 ) for more tips on protecting children 's privacy online .
We may display advertisements from third parties .
Third party ad-serving companies control which ads are shown .
These ad-serving companies may use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information from you .
Advertisers use this information to target the ads and measure their impact .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
For more information on online behavioral advertising , privacy , cookies , and how this all works , please see the Network Advertising Initiative page on this topic .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
All updates to this policy will be posted here .
Note : This policy also covers the personal information you provide to Fark Customer Support .

This web site is owned and operated by FatWallet.Com ( FatWallet or
FatWallet takes user privacy seriously and makes
reasonable efforts to protect your privacy .
We have created this
Privacy Policy in order to share with you our information
collection and use practices .
Please read this policy carefully before
sharing any personally identifiable information described below .
This policy applies solely to the web site and service located at
For questions or concerns relating to privacy , we can be contacted
100 East Grand Avenue
Beloit , WI 53511
or through our Online Support System
or you can reach us by telephone at ( 888 ) 634-0098 , or fax ( 888 )
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
In order to use certain portions of the Service , you may be asked for ,
or you may choose to provide , certain personally identifiable
information ( PII ) such as name , email address , postal address , PayPal
account and similar information .
We will not collect PII from
you while you use the Service unless you voluntarily provide it to us
or authorize us to collection such information .
You authorize FatWallet to receive any account information from any
affiliated merchant including , but not limited to , information
regarding any purchase made by you through utilization of the Service ,
such as : the products ordered , the order number , the time and
date of the purchase , the email address entered for the purchase .
Collection on Non-Personally Identifiable Information
FatWallet does collect and track certain non-personally identifiable
( non-PII ) information , including but not limited to , user IP numbers
and browser type , access times , domain names , usage habits and other
information which does not specifically identify any individual .
`` Cookies '' are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer
by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your
communication and interaction with that web site .
We may use cookies to
customize your use of the Service and for other purposes to
improve your use of the Service , and may also use web beacons , web
bugs , action tags and third party cookies .
You may stop or restrict
the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your
browser by adjusting your web browser preferences , in which case you
may still use our Service , but it may interfere with some of its
We do not use cookies to automatically retrieve PII from
your computer without your knowledge .
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
FatWallet may use or disclose PII to operate and manage the Service , to
provide services that you have requested or respond to your
other inquires or requests .
We may also disclose PII in the
establishment or exercise of legal rights or defense against legal claims ,
to comply with applicable laws or regulations , to comply with a valid
legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena or court order
or to investigate suspected fraud or a violation of the terms of the
FatWallet User Agreement .
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party not
affiliated with FatWallet without your consent , except in connection
with the sale or merger of FatWallet or the division responsible for
You should be aware that PII which you voluntarily include and transmit
online , such as in online forums , may be viewed and used by
anyone with access to such forums .
FatWallet is unable to control such
uses of your PII .
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may use and disclose non-PII for any number of reasons , including
but not limited to , working with business partners and improving our
The security of your PII is very important to us and we take
commercially reasonable steps to attempt to secure your PII .
put in place reasonable physical , electronic , and managerial procedures
to safeguard the information we collect .
and contractors who need access to your PII in order to perform their
duties are authorized to have access .
However , due to the
inherent open nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that
communications between you and FatWallet or information stored or
transmitted through the Service or on our servers , will be completely
free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers ,
and your use of the Service demonstrates your assumption of this
No Children under 13
We have no intention of collecting PII from children under the age of
When we become aware that PII from a child under 13 has
been collected without such child 's parent or guardian 's consent , we
will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our
Changes in Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
those changes on this page .
We give you the option to remove your PII from our list of active users
completely in connection with the termination of your
FatWallet.com user account .
All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should
be sent to us at
will process your request within a reasonable time after
We are not responsible for removing your PII from the lists of
any third party who has previously been provided your
information in accordance with this policy .
Use of this Service is subject to the FatWallet User Agreement located
Our Service is maintained from within the United States of America .
you are located outside of the United States , by using the Service ,
you authorize the export of PII to the United States and its storage
and use as specified in this policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 5 , 2006

PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Users can voluntarily decide whether or not to provide their consent for the data that they supply of their own free will to be included in the file that is the responsibility of FC BARCELONA , which is used to keep users informed , to offer them products and/or services both of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA itself and of other organizations that collaborate with the Club that , through agreement , may have some special offer that could be of interest to the members , supporters and internet users that have supplied their details .
The user is also willing for FC BARCELONA to be able to provide his or her personal details to third party collaborators in order for these to be able to make offers and/or send communications to users for commercial or promotional purposes in relation to products or services that could be of interest to them .
If the user is not willing for his or her details to be included in any files and later used for informative and commercial purposes , he or she simply has to check the box denying authority to include said data in any files .
The user reserves the recognized right to access , cancel , rectify or oppose any of their details , and reserves the right to be told how many times these details have been supplied to others , if at all .
FC BARCELONA possesses the technical knowledge and means required for the processing of computer databases and the provision of certain services and possesses and employs the security measures required for proper data protection and security in accordance with the regulations established by Spanish Law 15/1999 , on the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature .

The FCC is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors .
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us .
During your visit as you browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we automatically collect and store the following anonymous information about your visit :
the date and time you access our site ;
the pages you visit on our site ;
if you navigate to our site by clicking a link , the location of that link ;
the technical capabilities of the computer you use to access our site ;
the internet service provider you use to connect to our site ( for example `` companyX.com '' if you have a commercial internet account , or `` universityX.edu '' if you connect from a university ) ; and
the IP address ( a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the internet ) from which you access our site .
We use this information , in the aggregate , to make our website more useful to visitors to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology used , to detect operational problems , and to improve the website 's overall security .
Information That You Voluntarily Provide
We do not collect personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us .
If you voluntarily provide us with personal information , for example by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website , we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information or services that you request .
Any comment that you submit through this website may be made public , including any personally identifiable information that you provide in your submission .
We may share your comment with others , including the public , in aggregated form , in partial or edited form , or verbatim .
Prior to commenting , you will be prompted to login , either by providing your e-mail address , or by linking your comment to an existing account on a popular website such as Google , Facebook , or Twitter .
While your e-mail address will not be made public , if you login with a social media service , your picture , as well as a link to your profile will be posted alongside your comment .
For more information on how comments are handled throughout the site , please review our comment moderation policy .
How Information is Used
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , comments on proposed rules , license applications , or to respond to requests for information about our regulations and policies ) .
We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so that you can determine for yourself whether you wish to provide the information .
We may share the information you give us with other government agencies if your inquiry relates to that agency .
In other limited circumstances , such as responses to requests from Congress and private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose information you submit .
Information is shared within the agency solely on a need-to-know basis .
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled , unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy .
Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration .
In some cases information submitted to us may become an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , FCC computer systems employ software to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity , such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law .
In order to provide a more streamlined navigational experience and to track aggregate usage information , by default , this website stores small amounts of data on your computer known as type I and type II cookies .
This information is not retained by the website and is automatically destroyed by your browser after a specified period of time .
If you wish to opt-out of this feature , you may do so without loosing the ability to access any information or services by following these instructions .
This website contains educational content for children under 13 .
No personal information is collected from them , unless voluntarily submitted as part of a request for information or services .
Only the minimum information necessary is collected , and under no circumstances will any of this information be used for other purposes or shared with third parties , nor will personally identifying information be published .
If any personal information you provide will be maintained in an FCC Privacy Act system of records , you will be notified at the point of collection , as to whether providing information is mandatory or voluntary , and the effects of not providing all or any part of the requested information .
Clicking a form `` submit '' button will constitute consent in this regard .
Visit our Privacy Act Web Page for additional information
Under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) and the Privacy Act of 1974 , to the extent applicable , you have certain rights to obtain information about you that may be in our records .
For more information about the circumstances under which you can get and correct this information , visit our FOIA Web Page .
Third Party Web sites
Social Media and Online Engagement
To better engage the public in ongoing dialog , the FCC uses several third-party platforms including bit.ly , Facebook , Flickr , Disqus , IdeaScale , MySpace , Scribd , Twitter , UserVoice , and YouTube .
When interacting with the FCC presence on those websites , you may reveal certain personal information to the FCC or to third parties .
Except when used by FCC web staff for the purpose of responding to a specific message or request , the FCC will neither use nor share nor retain such data .
For additional information regarding your rights on social media platforms , please see our comment moderation policy .
This website employs Google Analytics ( a service from Google , Inc. ) and the URL shortener bit.ly ( a service of bit.ly inc. ) to collect aggregate usage information .
In utilizing this analytics service , the FCC maintains its existing standards in regards to the sharing and disclosure of information , security and privacy safeguards for the data , and the data retention policy , each described above .
In order to provide you with dynamic content , the third-party applications YouTube , JW Player , and jQuery may be embedded in pages you visit on our site : No personal information is collected as a result of their use .
The FCC reserves the right to modify this policy at any time .

Thanks for visiting FDA 's Web site .
Links to Other Sites
Third-Party Websites and Applications
Linking To or Copying Information On the FDA Website
Our privacy policy outlines the information we receive when you visit our site and how we use this information .
We receive two types of information when you visit our site :
Information automatically collected .
Information you choose to provide .
When you visit any website , the site can automatically collect information about your visit .
When you browse through our site , read pages there , or download information , we collect certain information to measure how many visitors come to the different parts of the site so we can make the site more useful .
Example : We use browser information to help us design our site so the greatest number of people can view the pages correctly .
For every visitor , we collect and temporarily store the following information :
Your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , a number automatically assigned to your computer when you go on the Web .
The domain from which you access the Internet , such as aol.com , if you use an America Online account to access the internet .
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent there .
The name and version of your computer 's operating system and browser , for example Windows 2000/Mozilla Firefox 5 .
The pages you visited .
We use this information to improve our website and provide a better experience for our visitors .
We use tools , Google Analytics and Urchin , to aggregate this information .
The information is available only to our Web managers and staff who require this information to perform their duties .
It is retained only for as long as needed for analysis purposes .
Web Measurement and Customization
The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use Web measurement and customization technologies such as session and persistent cookies .
We use cookies to improve website functions for visitors and to better understand how the public is using our website .
`` Session Cookies ''
Some services on our website use `` session cookies . ''
Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer .
Used to aid searching and navigating the site .
Deleted when you close your browser .
As defined by OMB , our use of session cookies is `` Usage Tier 1Single Session . ''
Tier 1 uses encompass any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Data collected through our session cookies will be retained only for as long as needed to use for the measurement purposes .
`` Persistent Cookies ''
Some services on our website use multi-session cookies , also known as persistent cookies .
Persistent cookies are :
Small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer .
Placed on your computer for more than a single session .
Used to differentiate between new and returning site visitors , to customize our website for frequent visitors , and to assess site design and content .
Persistent cookies placed on your computer will expire two years after your last visit to our website .
Data collected through persistent cookies will be retained by the specific FDA office associated with the website using the cookie .
OMB defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . ''
This applies to any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
Use and Sharing of Cookie Data
We do not use session cookies or persistent cookies to collect PII and we do not share any data collected from cookies .
How to Opt-Out or Disable Cookies
Both session and persistent cookies pertaining to our website are enabled by default because of their integration with our website .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at FDA.gov .
Note : If you disable cookies in your browser , it may cause problems with searching and displaying information .
Information You Choose to Provide
We collect and store no other information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it .
If you send us an email or submit an online form , we do not automatically receive your email address .
However , you will need to provide it to us if you would like an email response .
We will receive no other personally identifying information from your email unless you provide it .
If you submit a form on our website , we will receive only the personal information you include in the form .
Children 's Privacy : We collect no information from children under 13 .
If a child sends us an email inquiry or comment , we will answer it , and then delete the email from our files .
PII you choose to provide is protected by security controls in accordance with the HHS Information Security and Privacy Policy , and , National Institutes of Standards and Technology and Office of Management and Budget guidance .
Note : Email is not necessarily secure against interception .
If your communication is sensitive , or if it includes personal information such as your social security number , you can send it by postal mail instead .
FDA Information Disclosure Policy
FDA will not disclose , give , sell , or transfer any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about our visitors unless it is required :
By law or regulation .
For law enforcement reasons .
Other possible uses of your information :
We may use PII to respond to you , in which case various people may need to see the information you provide in order to provide a response to you .
If enough questions or comments come in that are the same , your question ( but not your name ) may be added to our Questions and Answers section .
We use this information to help us improve our site .
We may enter information you send into an electronic database to share with attorneys or investigators involved in law enforcement or policy-making .
We may share information with other government agencies that have public health or consumer protection duties , in which case FDA or any of those agencies may contact you .
In other limited circumstances , including requests from Congress or private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose information you submit .
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to many other federal agencies , and , in a few cases , to private organizations , foreign governments and international organizations .
You should be aware that if you access another site through a link we provide , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site .
Reference in any referred ( linked ) website to commercial products , services , manufacturers , or companies does not constitute an endorsement by the U.S. government , the Department of Health and Human Services , or FDA .
FDA is not responsible for the contents of any pages referred from its website .
Third-Party Websites and Applications
Likewise , applications created by FDA may be embedded on third-party websites as a way to increase public awareness of FDA activities .
Our integration of these products is intended to provide a seamless user experience and to enhance users ' ability to access information and communicate with FDA .
Some third-party websites and applications may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to the public and/or FDA based on user controlled settings or the privacy policies of the third-party .
FDA will not collect , maintain , use , or share any PII that becomes available through FDA 's use of third-party websites or applications .
Please be aware that the privacy policy provided on social media and third-party websites that are not a part of the fda.gov domain may not be the same as the privacy policy described here .
PII or other information you share through social media , or a third-party website or application may be accessible by non-government third parties .
As described in these website policies , you can communicate directly with FDA without involving a third-party .
FDA conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website .
Each use of a third-party website may have unique functionality or practices .
The health and medical information on our website is not intended to take the place of advice or treatment from healthcare professionals .
It is also not intended to substitute for the users ' relationships with their own health care/pharmaceutical providers .
The Code of Federal Regulations is the authoritative source for FDA regulations .
FDA is dedicated to :
Ensuring that all information it publishes reflects a level of quality corresponding to the nature and timeliness of the information .
Disseminating all its data as broadly and promptly as possible so that the public can benefit from FDA 's mission to promote and protect the public health .
Note : In keeping with this commitment and in accordance with Public Law 106-554 and Office of Management and Budget requirements , HHS and FDA have developed information quality guidelines establishing quality assurance policies , standards , and processes .
Linking To or Copying Information On the FDA Website
They are in the public domain and may be republished , reprinted and otherwise used freely by anyone without the need to obtain permission from FDA .
Credit to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as the source is appreciated but not required .
People are also free to link to any URL on FDA 's site .
FDA 's preference is that people link to the material on the FDA site ( rather than copying it to their personal websites ) because the agency continuously updates the information on the website as better information becomes available .
A person copying documents to another website , instead of linking to them , would then have to monitor the original documents to know when these documents were updated by FDA or else risk giving bad or incorrect advice to visitors to their website .
Providing consumers or health professionals with advice that is not fully up to date can lead to serious public health consequences .
Providing industry advice that is not fully up to date can lead to companies being out of compliance with regulatory requirements .
If a person , nonetheless , decides to copy content or images , FDA strongly recommends that the copied item lists the date that the material was copied and provides a link back to its source on the FDA website .
Users can then see for themselves if the copied material has been updated or changed .
FDA appreciates being informed about the use of website materials .
When visiting our Web site , your Web browser may produce pop-up advertisements .
These advertisements were most likely produced by other Web sites you visited or by third-party software installed on your computer .
FDA does n't produce pop-up ads and does n't endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up ad on your computer screen while visiting our site .
This site is maintained by the U.S. government and protected by various provisions of Title 18 of the U.S. Code .
Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
For site security purposes and to ensure that the site remains available to all users , we employ software programs that monitor traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual .
If you have any questions or comments about the FDA website , you can contact us by :
Calling 1-888-INFO-FDA ( 1-888-463-6332 )
Sending a fax to 301-847-8622
Writing to : FDA , 10903 New Hampshire Avenue ( HFI-50 ) , Silver Spring , MD 20993
Using our on-line comment form .
Page Last Updated : 11/11/2013

Privacy Policy ( U.S. only )
Learn more about fraudulent FedEx e-mails that may contain a virus
Privacy Policy for FedEx Digital Platforms
Effective date : December 11 , 2013
The new Privacy Policy for FedEx Digital Platforms ( U.S. only ) will take effect December 11 , 2013 .
We have updated the Privacy Policy in several key ways , including :
We have simplified the text .
We have provided more detail on our data collection , use , and disclosure on our sites , including cookies and social network interactions .
We have provided you with more information about how to opt-out of certain third party advertising .
Click here to review the previous Privacy Policy for FedEx ( U.S. only ) .
What Device Data does FedEx capture about visitors to FedEx Digital Platforms ?
Does FedEx ask for Personal Information ?
How does SenseAware work and what data does FedEx collect through SenseAware ?
What happens when I leave a Digital Platform to visit a FedEx linked Web site ?
What are `` cookies '' and web beacons and how does FedEx use cookies ?
Can cookies be removed from my hard drive ?
Does FedEx use my Personal Information for advertising ?
Does FedEx use advertising companies to serve ads on third party Internet sites ?
In what other ways does FedEx share information ?
Why did you receive an email from us ?
How do I contact FedEx ?
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is set forth above .
FedEx reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice .
Changes in the Privacy Policy become effective thirty ( 30 ) days after the first posting of any revised version .
To stay abreast of these changes , please regularly check our Privacy Policy .
FedEx understands the importance of protecting the privacy of recipients and users of FedEx digital communications .
This Privacy Policy applies to : individually identifiable information about you ( `` Personal Information '' ) that we collect via sites that link to this policy , including fedex.com , senseaware.com , FedEx mobile applications , and via FedEx-controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms , e.g. , within Facebook or Twitter ( collectively , FedEx Digital Platforms ) and data about your computer or mobile device collected in connection with your use of the FedEx Digital Platforms ( `` Device Data '' ) .
Personal Information that may be collected may include name , physical and mailing address , email address , billing information , business profile , telephone number , credit/debit card number , purchasing history and product and service preferences .
FedEx uses the information collected via the FedEx Digital Platforms to :
market and improve FedEx services ,
transact business with FedEx customers ,
improve the FedEx Digital Platforms and the content distributed through them ,
contact you with updates to and information about the FedEx Digital Platforms and FedEx services and activities , to help with fraud identification ,
conduct other FedEx marketing , promotional and informational activities ,
identify the type of digital and other content , messaging and information visitors to the FedEx Digital Platforms value most , assess and monitor certain user experience , and
perform other activities as described in this Privacy Policy , and
help FedEx understand the efficacy of the content , messaging and information provided through the FedEx Digital Platforms .
Your use of the FedEx Digital Platforms constitutes your agreement to FedEx 's use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy If you choose not to provide Personal Information or Device Data , FedEx may not be able provide you with the products , services and information that it offers .
Certain features , including but not limited to FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com , FedEx InSight , FedEx Return Manager , FedEx Billing Online , and FedEx Global Trade Manager and My FedEx Rewards require registration or a password for access , or may require other information to use the FedEx Digital Platforms .
Information obtained from registered users of these areas may also be used for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy , and cookies may be used in those and other areas , as is described in this Privacy Policy .
Information obtained in these areas may also be used in accordance with agreements governing access to and use of the specific areas , including but not limited to FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com , FedEx Return Manager , etc .
In addition , visitors to fedex.com may choose to register for a fedex.com Login user ID and password to simplify access to some interactive features on fedex.com .
Fedex.com login currently provides users with access to several FedEx applications such as FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com and FedExGlobal Trade Manager .
Other applications require separate registrations .
In the future , FedEx may add other features to those accessed through fedex.com login .
Package Tracking : If you are the recipient of a package , we have obtained your name and shipping information from a customer .
When you visit fedex.com to track your package in transit , we collect your IP address and other information about you , as we do with other visitors to the Web site .
You do not need to register with fedex.com to obtain tracking information about your package .
Please also see the applicable FedEx operating company website , e.g. , FedEx Ground , FedEx Freight etc .
and/or FedEx Service Guide for terms of carriage , limitations of liability , and disclaimers of warranty and general terms applicable to FedEx services and various information used and provided with FedEx services .
What Device Data does FedEx capture about visitors to FedEx Digital Platforms
The FedEx Digital Platforms use an extended log file format which may capture among other things : date and time of visit including date/time of messaging and content click and open , referring address ( location from which a visitor comes to the FedEx Digital Platforms ) , referring promotional campaign information ( including country and language thereof ) , date and time stamp thereof , type of email or other digital client used , operating system used , Internet browser used , and visitor 's IP/ other non-personal identifiers .
Each computer and device that connects to the FedEx Digital Platforms is assigned a unique number , an IP address , country/language , date/timestamp , screen size , meta-tags , and FedEx first party cookie and third party cookies .
Does FedEx ask for Personal Information
Several areas of the FedEx Digital Platforms , including fedex.com , may ask for Personal Information .
They currently include : Online Account Registration , features of Manage My Account , and registration pages for FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com , FedEx Global Trade Manager , FedEx Return Manager , and FedEx InSight .
This list may be expanded without notice .
In the event that it is expanded , additional information may be required .
Our policy is not to give , sell or otherwise distribute the Personal Information collected to third parties outside of FedEx ( unless required by law ) to allow such third parties to conduct their own marketing activities for their own benefit ; provided , however , in some cases we may use suppliers to assist us in collecting , using or otherwise processing for our benefit the information obtained for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including market research .
Our practice is to require our suppliers to conduct such activities consistent with this policy and our requirements .
In addition , your Personal Information may be combined with non-personal information to customize your FedEx experience on The FedEx Digital Platforms and on third party sites .
How does SenseAware work and what data does FedEx collect through SenseAware
SenseAware consists of GPS enabled sensor devices that allow SenseAware customers to track their packages in transit , including the location and internal conditions ( humidity , light/dark , and the like ) .
FedEx provides this information to SenseAware customers for their use .
What happens when I leave a Digital Platform to visit a FedEx linked Web site
Certain components of the FedEx Digital Platforms consist of or include products and services hosted by third-party businesses .
When you access one of these third-party components , the only information transferred to the third-party is the fact that you came from a FedEx Digital Platform .
This practice allows the third-party to monitor its own website traffic , but does not provide them with any information about you , other than as stated above .
Once you leave a FedEx Digital Platform , the third-party may monitor its own website traffic and may install other cookies or web beacons in order to collect information about you .
FedEx is not responsible or liable for the independent activities or privacy policies at third-party sites .
You should consult the privacy policies and other terms and conditions at those sites to determine how your information may be used and the practices of those third party sites .
What are cookies and web beacons , and how does FedEx use them
A cookie is a series of data characters that , when programmed into a web site , is placed by the web server into the browser 's application folder on your computer .
Once placed onto your machine , the cookie will allow the FedEx Digital Platforms to `` recognize '' your computer or mobile device .
A cookie may also be combined with a web beacon , which is an invisible image with a line of code which is placed within an email message or on a web page .
Web beacons inform FedEx if an intended recipient can receive email in an HTML format or only as a text message , whether the email message has been open or opened multiple times , and if a display ad has been viewed or clicked through .
This information is used to serve customized messaging to visitors to the FedEx Digital Platforms .
Web beacons do not create , modify or delete files on a user 's machine .
Since they are not executable , they can not provide means for the delivery of dangerous content such as malware or viruses .
These technologies allow FedEx to receive and store certain information when you visit a FedEx Digital Platform through a computer or mobile device .
Device Data captured through these technologies may include the geo-location of your computer or mobile device , information about the specific pages you viewed while on the site , the sequencing and duration of your views on those pages , the type of computer or mobile hardware you used to access the site , and the IP address of the hardware .
In addition to the information provided above , cookies are used to achieve several goals .
The first is to provide FedEx with the capability to personalize information for visitors to the FedEx Digital Platforms .
Cookies can also help us recognize you as a previous visitor and remember any preferences that may have been set when you previously visited our Web site using the same browser .
In some instances , cookies are used to allow FedEx the opportunity to associate individual customers with their information profiles .
For example , through the use of cookies , fedex.com Login can `` remember '' your user ID when you login to FedEx Ship Manager at fedex.com on your computer .
Personal Information may also be combined with Device Data to provide you with more customized content on the FedEx Digital Platforms and advertisements on other sites across the Internet .
For example , when you access a page on the FedEx Digital Platforms , a cookie is automatically set by us , or our service providers to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests and about FedEx .
Please see the advertising section below for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices .
You can also learn more about how we use your Personal Information when you register with fedex.com .
Where we combine Device Data and Personal Information , we treat all such data as Personal Information .
Can cookies be removed from my hard drive
Yes , cookies can be removed from your hard drive .
Also , depending on what type of web browser and what browser version you are using , you may be able to change the properties on your cookie file so that cookies are not used or saved .
Please check with your browser provider for more information on removing cookies .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to access many of the tools offered on or through the FedEx Digital Platforms .
Does FedEx use my Personal Information for advertising
FedEx combines Personal Information that we obtain from registrations with Device Data gathered through cookies and other technologies about your searches and other activities on the FedEx Digital Platforms .
We may also receive similar non-personal information from third party advertisers or other sources .
We use this information for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy .
As noted above , where we combine Device Data and other information with Personal Information , we treat all such data as Personal Information .
Does FedEx use advertising companies to serve ads on third party Internet sites
Yes , FedEx uses select advertising companies to serve relevant FedEx ads on third party Internet sites .
Currently FedEx uses Double Click , Adobe , Accuen and X+1 .
FedEx does not provide any Personal Information to these advertising companies to allow them to use such data for their own purposes , or for the benefit of any other party .
These advertising companies may , however , place their own cookies or third party cookies on your browser to personalize your FedEx related experience on third party sites .
You can choose not to allow these advertising companies to use their cookies to serve you ads on third party Internet sites .
Several of these companies , Accuen , Google and X+1 , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
You can opt-out of ad targeting from NAI member companies in a single location .
To learn more , please click here .
To opt-out of other ad targeting by , DoubleClick and Adobe , you can review the parties ' privacy policies for instructions on how to opt-out .
For more information about marketing cookies and other technologies , and to opt-out , go to the following sites :
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , FedEx Digital Platforms do not generally follow do not track or comparable signals sent by web browsers .
Social media sharing Your use of social media platforms such as twitter , facebook , etc. , are governed by separate terms and conditions over which FedEx has no control .
However , when a customer uses their social media login to access the FedEx Digital Platforms , they explicitly agree to allow FedEx access to certain components of their social media pages where they may share comments and other Personal Information about themselves .
FedEx uses widgets on these sites to collect information such as your IP address , the pages that you visited at FedEx.com and to determine if the social media components of the site performed properly .
These widgets are hosted either directly on the FedEx.com site or by the third party provider .
In what other ways does FedEx share information
We may also share your information in response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company or this Web site , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
We may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
We also reserve the right to use and disclose data in aggregate form ( i.e. , non-personally identifiable ) for statistical and other purposes in our sole discretion .
FedEx may also disclose data to third-party companies that provide support services such as web analytics .
The information is provided in an aggregate form ( i.e. , non-personally identifiable ) for statistical and other purposes in our sole discretion .
The third-party providers are not allowed to use the information that we share for any other purpose other than providing services to FedEx .
Our practice is to require our suppliers to conduct activities on behalf of FedEx in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Why did you receive an email from us
If you received an email from us , ( a ) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ( `` opt-in '' ) , or ( b ) you have registered with us , purchased a product or service from us , or otherwise have an existing relationship with us .
FedEx periodically sends email messages and promotions to customers for purposes stated in this Privacy Policy .
Each commercial email sent contains an easy , automated way for you to stop receiving email from us , or to change your expressed interests .
If you wish to do this , simply follow the instructions at the end of any email .
What about children under 13 ?
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
How do I contact FedEx
Our postal address is :
Memphis , TN 38194-1062

This website is provided as a public service by the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) .
Information presented on this site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied .
Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested .
Information collected and stored automatically
The information we learn about you from your visit to our website depends upon what functions you perform when visiting our site .
For site management , information is collected for statistical purposes .
This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics , which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest , determining technical design specifications , and identifying system performance or problem areas .
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit :
The Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website ;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ; and
If you linked to the FEMA website from another website , the address of that website .
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use .
We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits .
Certain areas of FEMA 's website provide disaster-related educational content for children .
FEMA is committed to complying with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not use its website to collect personal information from children under the age of 13 years old .
In instances where a child under the age of 13 submits a question or comment , FEMA will only use the child 's e-mail address to respond to the inquiry and will delete the message in accordance with its approved records schedule .
FEMA uses cookies on its websites solely to allow complex , software user-driven applications to function correctly .
For example , FEMA 's online ordering services for U.S. Fire Administration and the FEMA Flood Map Store publications allow users to shop through online catalogs .
When a user `` checks off '' a publication , the transaction consists of a separate `` signal '' that is sent by the user 's computer to FEMA 's site .
In order to maintain a complete record of the total order , the FEMA server sends a `` cookie '' back to the user 's computer solely for the purposes of identifying that user 's order .
The only information collected during this process is related to that particular publication order .
This information is not retained after the online order is sent or completed .
FEMA 's use of cookie technology is not otherwise designed , intended or used to collect , store or analyze information pertaining to Internet users .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has enabled Google Analytics on FEMA 's Website ( s ) .
Google Analytics is a tool that helps the Department gather feedback using non-identifiable aggregated data such as number of unique visitors to a page and the navigation the visitor took to get to a specific piece of content .
The Department will use this data to make modifications to the website to improve the user experience and monitor the traffic on the website .
In order to use this tool , Google sets a cookie on your machine or device .
While this cookie is set automatically , you may chose not to have the cookie placed on your machine or device without any modifications to the appearance or functionality of the website by following the instructions below .
You may also delete the cookie at any time through the options tab on your browser also outlined below .
The cookie monitors your navigation through the website and records : 1 ) what content was viewed ; 2 ) how you arrived at the specific content ; 3 ) your ISP provider including the ISP provider 's geographic information ; 4 ) the time spent viewing a specific piece of content ; 5 ) the time spent on the entire website ; 6 ) the path taken to access the website ; and 7 ) the connection speed of the session .
Google Analytics does not tell the Department who you are or allow the Department to determine your identity nor does the cookie monitor or record your web usage after you leave the Department 's website ( s ) .
The data is automatically sent from the cookie on your machine or device to Google 's system which immediately aggregates the data .
Neither the Department nor Google will ever have access to the specifics of your particular session .
What the Department will see is the aggregate data from all users for a particular time period .
The Department is gathering this information for internal purposes and has chosen to not share the aggregate data with Google .
We may use the aggregated data to share with our partners and contractors to help improve the user experience .
The Department will retain the aggregated data as long as required per our records retention policy .
The Department has taken great efforts to protect your privacy .
The DHS Privacy Office has conducted a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) specifically on how the use of Google Analytics impacts the privacy of visitors to the Department 's website ( s ) .
Please visit the Privacy Office 's website to view the PIA at DHS.gov .
To opt out of having the cookie installed on your machine or device , you may need to adjust your internet browser 's cookie settings .
If you use multiple browsers on your machine or device , you will need to complete this process for each browser used .
Please visit USA.gov for instructions for common browsers .
If you have any questions about our use of Google Analytics please contact the DHS Office of Public Affairs .
AddThis is a URL-based social bookmarking tool that allows users to share links of FEMA websites on various social media sites .
While FEMA 's implementation of AddThis does not use cookies , AddThis does collect non-personally identifiable information about browser type , operating system , and selected social media platform , which is provided as aggregate data to FEMA .
AddThis does not store any personal information about you , such as your social media account log in information .
For more information , please see the AddThis privacy policy .
Please also note that use of AddThis will navigate you away from FEMA.gov .
Once you leave FEMA.gov , the privacy policy of the destination website will apply .
Security and Intrusion Detection
Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features , to use the system for other than intended purposes , to deny service to authorized users , to access , obtain , alter , damage , or destroy information , or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited .
Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 ( Pub . L. 104-294 ) , ( 18 U.S.C . 1030 ) , or other applicable criminal laws .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor host and network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act . ''
FEMA has been engaging in Web 2.0 tools and on social media sites nationwide as part of its mission to prepare the nation for disasters .
FEMA is not collecting or retaining any privacy information from our use of third party Web 2.0 application .
We are however , retaining a copy of all comments posted to our sites as required by our records retention policy and will only be releasing them when required by federal law .
We ask that you do not provide any personally identifiable information such as : a FEMA case number , social security number , or any other information you do not want available to the general public in your comments to FEMA when using these applications .
FEMA will attempt to remove any personally identifiable information from these sites , but may not be able to do so until after it has been made publically available .
If you choose to post personally identifiable information on any public site you do so at your own risk .
FEMA disclaims any liability for any loss or damage resulting from any comments posted on these applications .
The privacy policies of all third party sites apply in the collection and dissemination of user data .
FEMA encourages all users to read the privacy policies before registering or posting to any application .
If you have any comments that you wish to share with FEMA involving personally identifiable information please contact the appropriate FEMA program .
All FEMA text messages are sent from our dedicated number , which is 43362 ( 4FEMA ) .
We will never charge you for text message alerts , but carrier message and data rates may apply .
Your carrier may collect additional data elements , please see their privacy policies for further details .
We will not use your phone number to track , reverse look up , or for any type of commercial marketing .
Visit our text message page for basic commands and how to get started .
By downloading the FEMA App , the user agrees to the following terms :
FEMA will make all reasonable attempts to keep this App bug free and up to date .
However , this App and all information , content , and materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are provided by FEMA on an `` as is '' and `` as available '' basis .
FEMA makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied , as to the operation of this site or the information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App .
You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your own risk .
To the full extent permissible , by applicable Federal law , FEMA disclaim all warranties , express or implied , including , but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
FEMA does not warrant that this App , information , content , or materials included on or otherwise made available to you through this App are free of viruses or other harmful components .
FEMA will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this App from any information , content , or materials , included on or otherwise made available to you through this App , including , but not limited to direct , indirect , incidental , punitive , and consequential damages .
FEMA does not see , collect , or store any data you enter into the App .
Any and all information you enter into the App is stored on your device and not on FEMA 's website or server .
As such , FEMA is not responsible for any damages resulting from the loss or theft of that information .
The App only transmits photos/texts uploaded by the user , along with geospatial coordinates ; the App does not transmit any personal information ( i.e. , phone number , user 's name ) associated with your device .
FEMA does use Bing Maps ( FEMA does not endorse any non-Federal government entities or products ) on this App .
While Microsoft has advised FEMA that they do not collect any personal information , they do collect the number of times a map is accessed via the mapping feature on the FEMA App , This information is not shared with FEMA .
FEMA is not responsible for any information collected by Microsoft .
While FEMA does not charge for the use of this App normal carrier data fees may apply .
Please consult your carrier to discuss any charges related to the use of this App .
FEMA is a Federal Government entity and as such does not endorse any non-Federal US Government entities .
You may not use this App or any of the information in this App to imply that FEMA endorse you or your organization .
This App should not be used to contact FEMA during an emergency .
If you are in need of emergency assistance please contact 9-1-1 .
If you need to register for FEMA assistance please visit the FEMA mobile site at m.fema.gov .
Last Updated : 07/29/2013 - 17:20

Our Commitment to Privacy
Fidelity Investments Privacy Policy
How and why we obtain personal information
How we protect information about you
How we share information about you with third parties
How we share information about you within Fidelity
Fidelity Funds Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds are committed to maintaining the confidentiality , integrity , and security of personal information about our current and prospective customers .
Please note that certain details of this policy may depend on whether you deal with us through an investment professional , directly as an individual investor , or whether Fidelity provides services to your employer or plan sponsor .
The privacy policies of Fidelity Investments and the Fidelity Funds are reviewed annually .
Our printed and online notices are then updated to reflect any changes .
Fidelity Investments Privacy Policy
How and why we obtain personal information
Fidelity takes great care to protect personal information about you and when we use it , we do so with respect for your privacy .
We may use personal information about you to service and maintain your account ; process transactions in your account ; respond to inquiries from you or your representative ; develop , offer , and deliver products and services ; or to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements .
Fidelity may collect public and non-public personal information about you from any of the following sources :
You or your representative on applications or forms ( for example , name , address , Social Security number , birth date , assets and income )
You or your employer or plan sponsor if Fidelity provides them with recordkeeping services ( for example , payroll , human resources , or benefits information )
Transactional activity in your account ( for example , trading history and balances )
Other interactions with Fidelity ( for example , discussions with our customer service staff or information you enter into our websites )
Information from consumer reporting agencies ( for example , to assess your creditworthiness for margin products )
Information from other third-party data services ( for example , to verify your identity and to better understand your product and service needs )
You or your representative regarding your preferences ( for example , your choice of electronic statement delivery , or the screen layout you specify if you use our Internet sites )
Other sources with your consent or with the consent of your representative ( for example , from other institutions if you transfer positions into Fidelity )
How we protect information about you
Fidelity considers the protection of personal information to be a foundation of customer trust and a sound business practice .
We employ physical , electronic and procedural controls and we regularly adapt these controls to respond to changing requirements and advances in technology .
At Fidelity , we restrict access to personal information to those who require it to develop , support , offer and deliver products and services to you .
How we share information about you with third parties
Fidelity does not share personal information about our customers with unaffiliated third parties for use in marketing their products and services .
We may share personal information with the following entities :
Unaffiliated service providers ( for example , printing and mailing companies , securities clearinghouses , marketing service providers , and other entities who may provide services at Fidelity 's direction )
Government agencies , other regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials ( for example , for tax purposes or for reporting suspicious transactions )
Other organizations , with your consent or as directed by your representative ( for example , if you use Fidelity as a financial reference in applying for credit with another institution ) , or as permitted or required by law ( for example , for fraud prevention )
Our service providers are obligated to keep the personal information we share with them confidential and use it only to provide services specified by Fidelity .
Based on the nature of your relationship with Fidelity , we may exchange information with other third parties as described below :
If Fidelity provides workplace services to your employer or plan sponsor , such as payroll , human resources or benefits recordkeeping services , Fidelity may exchange any information received in connection with such services with your employer or plan sponsor or others they may authorize .
If you conduct business with Fidelity through your investment professional , we may exchange information we collect with your investment professional or with others they may authorize .
If you transact business through Fidelity 's life insurance companies , we may validate and obtain information about you from an insurance support organization .
The insurance support organization may further share your information with other insurers , as permitted by law .
How we share information about you within Fidelity
We may share personal information about you with various Fidelity corporate affiliates including internal service providers which perform , for example , printing , mailing , and data processing services .
Additionally , if you interact with Fidelity directly as an individual investor ( including joint account holders ) or if Fidelity provides services to your employer or plan sponsor , we may exchange certain information about you with Fidelity financial services affiliates , such as our brokerage and insurance companies , for their use in marketing products and services as allowed by law .
Information collected from investment professionals ' customers is not shared with Fidelity affiliates for marketing purposes , except with your consent and as allowed by law .
Privacy , security , and service in Fidelity 's online operations are just as critical as in the rest of our business .
We use firewall barriers , encryption techniques and authentication procedures , among others , to maintain the security of your online session and to protect Fidelity accounts and systems from unauthorized access .
When you interact with us through online channels ( for example , websites and mobile applications ) owned and controlled by Fidelity Investments ( `` Fidelity websites '' ) , Fidelity manages personal information in accordance with all of the practices and safeguards described previously .
When you visit Fidelity websites , we may collect technical and navigational information , such as device type , browser type , Internet protocol address , pages visited , and average time spent on Fidelity websites .
We use this information for a variety of purposes , such as maintaining the security of your online session , facilitating site navigation , improving Fidelity website design and functionality , and personalizing your experience on Fidelity websites .
Additionally , the following policies and practices apply when you are online .
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to support the operation of Fidelity websites .
Cookies are small amounts of data that a website sends to a web browser on a visitor 's computer .
Our cookies help us to collect information about visitors to Fidelity websites , including date and time of visits , pages viewed , amount of time spent on our sites , or general information about the device used to access the site .
Fidelity cookies are also used for security purposes and to personalize your experience , such as customizing your screen layout .
You can refuse or delete cookies .
Most browsers and mobile devices offer their own settings to manage cookies .
If you refuse a cookie when on a Fidelity website , or if you delete cookies , you may experience some inconvenience in your use of Fidelity websites .
For example , you may not be able to sign in and access your account , or we may not be able to recognize you , your device , or your online preferences .
Both Fidelity and third-party service providers we hire may use cookies and other technologies , such as web beacons or pixel tags , in online advertising as described below .
We do not share personally identifiable information about our customers with these third-party service providers , and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf .
Advertising on Fidelity websites
Fidelity advertises on some pages within the Fidelity websites , and when we do , we may use information about your relationship with us , such as the types of accounts you have , to tailor advertisements about Fidelity products and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also use third-party service providers to help us determine which Fidelity products and services may be of interest to you .
These service providers may collect information about your activity on Fidelity websites using cookies and other technologies to analyze , for example , pages visited on the Fidelity websites , search engine referrals , browsing patterns within the Fidelity websites , and responses to advertisements and promotions on Fidelity websites where we advertise .
Such service providers may only collect and use such information for purposes specified by Fidelity and not for their own purposes .
Advertising on non-Fidelity websites
Fidelity also advertises our products and services on websites not affiliated with Fidelity .
We contract with third-party advertising companies to display these ads , and they may use cookies and similar technologies to optimize the placement of our ads .
We do not permit these companies to use information they collect on Fidelity 's behalf for any purpose other than to assist them with advertising Fidelity products and services .
When we hire third-party online advertising companies , they may provide you with Fidelity advertisements that may be relevant to your interests , as determined by your activity on Fidelity and non-Fidelity websites .
Such advertisements are known as `` interest-based advertisements . ''
You may opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements from online advertising companies by clicking on the AdChoices icon ( which appears on all Fidelity interest-based ads ) and following the opt-out instructions .
Connecting with Fidelity on social media sites
Fidelity provides experiences on social media platforms that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them .
We may collect information you provide by interacting with us via social media , such as photographs , opinions , or Twitter handle .
Any content you post , such as pictures , information , opinions , or any personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms , is also subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those platforms .
Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content .
Fidelity Mobile applications ( `` apps '' ) allow you to access your accounts , trade securities , move money , and access news and research using wireless or mobile devices .
Our privacy practices apply to any personal information or other information that we may collect through the apps .
Protecting children 's privacy online
Fidelity websites are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
Fidelity does not intentionally collect information on Fidelity websites from those we actually know are under 13 , and we request that these individuals do not provide personal information through the sites .
If you are a former customer , these policies also apply to you ; we treat your information with the same care as we do information about current customers .
Fidelity offers several options for accessing and , if necessary , correcting your account information .
You can review your information using your statements , or through our automated telephone or Internet services .
You may also write or call us with your request for information .
If we serve you through an investment professional , please contact them directly .
Specific Internet addresses , mailing addresses and telephone numbers are listed on your statements and other correspondence .
The Fidelity Investments Privacy Policy is provided on behalf of :
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Workplace Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company , Inc .
Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company , Inc .
Fidelity Management Trust Company
Fidelity Personal Trust Company , FSB
Fidelity Stock Plan Services , LLC
Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company
Empire Fidelity Investments Life Insurance Company
Fidelity Insurance Agency , Inc .
National Financial Services LLC
Strategic Advisers , Inc .
Pyramis Global Advisors , LLC
Other companies owned by Fidelity Investments using the Fidelity name to provide financial services to customers
Fidelity Funds Privacy Policy
Protecting your personal information is an important priority for the Fidelity Funds .
The Funds ' privacy policy is designed to support this objective .
The Funds collect non-public personal information concerning you in the following ways :
Information provided by you or your representative on applications or other forms furnished to the Funds or through other interactions that you or your representative have with the Funds
Information arising from your investments in or accounts with the Funds
Information the Funds receive from a consumer reporting agency
The Funds employ physical , electronic , and procedural controls to safeguard your information .
For example , the Funds authorize access to your personal and account information only for personnel who need that information in order to provide products or services to you .
The Funds do not disclose any non-public personal information about you , except as permitted by law .
For example , the Funds have entered into a number of arrangements with Fidelity Investments to provide for investment management , distribution and servicing of the Funds .
If you decide to close your account , the Funds will continue to adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described in this notice .
Please read the Fidelity Funds Privacy Policy in conjunction with the Privacy Policy for the Fidelity Investments companies of which you are also a customer .
The Fidelity Funds Privacy Policy is provided on behalf of the Fidelity Investments family of mutual funds .

Fdration Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA )
Please read the following to learn more about Our Privacy Policy and the ways in which We use Your information before You proceed with use of the FIFA Digital Platforms .
This Privacy Policy has been drafted in English and has been translated in other languages .
In the event of any discrepancy between the English and the translated texts , the English text shall prevail and be used to solve doubts of interpretation .
Date of issue of this Privacy Policy : November 2013
YOUR INFORMATION IS PROCESSED IN SWITZERLAND , AND MAY BE STORED AND USED ELSEWHERE DEPENDING ON THE LOCATION OF AFFILIATES , BUSINESS PARTNERS , AND OTHER ENTITIES WHO ARE PERMITTED TO ACCESS SUCH INFORMATION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( AND SUCH LOCATIONS MAY INCLUDE COUNTRIES WHICH MAY NOT AFFORD THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION OF SUCH DATA AS THE COUNTRY FROM WHICH YOU PROVIDED THE INFORMATION ) .
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE FIFA DIGITAL PLATFORMS OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US , YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE TO THAT TRANSFER AND ANY RELATED PURPOSES .
The collection of information and how We use it
The main reason why FIFA collects information is to provide and improve the FIFA Digital Platforms , Services , or FIFA Content , their features , to administer Your membership , and to enable Users to enjoy and easily navigate the FIFA Digital Platforms .
The information We collect from You
FIFA collects information when You register for an account and when You enter into transactions , promotions or sweepstakes .
The information collected may include but is not limited to the following personal information : email address , last name , first name , country of residence , date of birth , gender , screen name , password , and opt-in for game and FIFA Content preferences .
In order to process some of Your transactions through the FIFA Digital Platforms , We may also ask for Your credit card number and billing information .
When You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , We will use cookies to collect information .
Cookies are small data files , which are transferred to a computer 's hard disk in order to memorize information like registration IDs and passwords .
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has originated , the `` lifetime '' of the cookie and various values .
We further utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the FIFA Digital Platforms , to better understand how You interact with the FIFA Digital Platforms and to monitor aggregate usage by FIFA Digital Platforms ' users and web traffic routing on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Session ID cookies are , unlike persistent cookies , deleted from Your computer when You log off from the FIFA Digital Platforms and close Your browser or FIFA App .
Please note that You can always choose to block cookies by updating Your Web browser privacy settings .
To do so , You will have to access the Help menu in Your browser 's menu bar and search for the term cookies .
Please however take note that , if You block cookies , You may not be able to use all sections of the FIFA Digital Platforms or all functionality of the Services .
Other third parties that are presenting advertisements on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms may also set and use cookies to access Your computer .
Please refer specifically to each third party website and statements of privacy to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information through their cookies .
FIFA automatically collects some information about Your computer when You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , regardless of whether You have registered for an account or not by just browsing Our servers .
For example , FIFA will collect Your IP address , Web browser software , and referring website .
We also may collect information about Your location or Your online activity on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Collecting this information helps FIFA customize Your user experience and to monitor and analyze Your use of the FIFA Digital Platforms and the Services .
This information is also used for the FIFA Digital Platforms ' technical administration and for the optimization of the FIFA Digital Platforms ' usability and functionalities .
How We use Your information
FIFA uses billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the transaction concluded on the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Aggregate information shall also be used to customize the advertising .
In using the FIFA Digital Platforms , You expressly entitle FIFA to collect and process Your information in particular for such marketing and customization of the Services .
You may always revoke Your consent by deleting Your account .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to FIFA .
Safeguarding information to help protect You from identity theft is a top priority .
We do not and will not , at any time , request Your credit card information , Your account ID , login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
FIFA may send information about You to third parties when :
a ) We have Your consent to share the information ; or
b ) We need to share Your information to provide the product or Service You have requested ; or
c ) We provide the information to companies who work on behalf of FIFA under confidentiality agreements ; or
d ) We respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ; or
We want You to feel confident about using the FIFA Digital Platforms .
For that reason , We have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure Your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure .
However , the Internet is an open system and We can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use Your information for improper purposes .
If You communicate with FIFA by email , You should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain .
By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted You accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet .
Your right to access information
You are entitled to see the information held about You .
We may require You to provide verification of Your identity and to pay an administration fee to provide a copy of the information we hold .
Please note that in certain circumstances We may withhold access to Your information where We have the right to do so under current data protection legislation .
You may review , correct , update , change or delete Your personal information at any time by accessing Your account on The FIFA Digital Platforms .
Links to Other Sites
If any part of the FIFA Digital Platforms link to other websites , those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
If You choose to visit an advertiser or click on another third party link , You will be directed to that third party 's website .
We do not exercise control over third party websites and therefore recommend You examine the privacy statements posted on these other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information .
Our policy towards children
We do not on purpose collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 , or ward under 13 , has provided Us with personal information without their consent , he or she should delete the account ( refer to : Updating/deleting Your information ) .
If We become aware that a child under 13 has provided Us with personal information without such consent , We will delete such information from Our files .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time .
If We amend this Privacy Policy , We shall place an updated version on this page of the FIFA Website .
The FIFA Website and/or the FIFA App may also provide notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to You generally on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms .
Jurisdiction and applicable law
This Privacy Policy and all matters arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the substantive laws of Switzerland , without regards to conflicts of laws and principles thereof .
Any controversy , claim or dispute between You and FIFA arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Commerce ( Handelsgericht ) of Zurich , and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of such Court .

FILMAFFINITY takes your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
FILMAFFINITY is a website created by Pablo Kurt Verdu and Daniel Nicolas , both web design professionals , movie-goers and owners of the FILMAFFINTY copyright and the Registered Trademark Movie Soulmates , movieaffinity and filmaffinity .
We are commited to maintaining the privacy of our users of our website and we strive to carry this out in the strictist form and abiding by current legal regulations .
FILMAFFINITY guarantees that all the information gathered through the webforms are stored in a database that is electronically protected .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect online .
Under no circumstances will this information be shared with a third party .
The database is registered under and follows the regulations of the Data Protection Agency , ruled under European Union Laws .
To have access to the service of personal film-taste affinity that this website offers it is necessary to register with FILMAFFINITY .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , country and personal movie ratings .
FILMAFFINITY uses information for the following purpose : to find who are your `` Movie Soulmates '' and helping people to find out what is the opinion about movies from this `` Movie Soulmates '' .
Your `` Movie Soulmates '' will only have access to knowing your country and movie ratings .
If you do not wish to show your name you are welcome to register under a nickname .
Age and personal email will not be known by your `` Movie Soulmates '' , unless you authorized it .
To enhance your experience with our sites , many of our web pages use `` cookies . ''
Cookies are text files we place in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering at one of our sites .
However , once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages ( e.g . to recognize you by name when you return to our site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites .
We also may use cookies to offer you products , programs , or services .
All rights reserved , 2002-2005 .

We do n't share your email or any other information with anyone .
Sick of reading long , legal privacy policies ? So are we ... Concerned about your privacy on the internet ? So are we ! The people who work on Find A Grave hate getting unsolicited , junk email ( spam ) as much as you do .
We also hate lengthy , privacy statements that are impossible to comprehend ... that said , here is our promise : we will never , ever share your personal information with any third party .
When you enter your email address at Find A Grave , you can be assured that we will never share , sell or otherwise distribute the information to anyone ... We collect this information because we believe you should receieve credit for your Find A Grave contributions ... If you prefer to remain anonymous , you can edit your 'contributor page ' , preventing your email and name from appearing to the public ...
Find A Grave , Inc. works with several third parties that serve ads on this site .
Each company has different privacy policies and we are compelled to include them here .
We do not share our contibutor information with any of the third-party advertisers !
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
All users who receive an ad served at the Find A Grave website retain complete anonymity where Find A Grave is concerned .
As ads are delivered , Find A Grave and its advertisers do not acquire or collect any personal information about you .
Your name , address , phone number , and email address all remain your private properties .
Find A Grave does , however , collect information which is specific to how you use the Internet .
Find A Grave servers note non-personally identifying details such as , but not limited to , the server you are logged onto , the geographic location of the ISP you use , the type of browser you use , and your IP address .
This information is obtained solely for the purpose of site statistics generation , targeting ads and measuring a given ad 's effectiveness .
Please note that this policy applies to all webpages served within the findagrave.com domain as well as the auxillary domains including findagrave.org , findagrave.net , cemeteryrecords.com , cemeteryrecordsonline.com and remembermyfamily.com .
This privacy policy does not extend to any site or sites that a user may navigate to should the user exit the Find A Grave website by clicking on an advertisement or other link .
Intentional misuse of the Find A Grave website voids this privacy statement .
Intentional misuse includes but is not limited to posting illicit images , posting information or images known to be inaccurate and posting offensive or inflammatory 'virtual flowers ' .
As Find A Grave 's business continues to grow , Find A Grave may buy or sell subsidiaries or business units .
In these transactions , customer information is often one of the transferred assets .
Also , in the event that Find A Grave , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will , as a matter of course , be one of the transferred assets .
This policy may be updated by Find A Grave at any time .
Changes will be posted to the website .

At Fixya.com , we are committed to protecting online user privacy .
This `` Privacy Policy '' discloses the privacy practices governing our knowing collection , use , and disclosure of information .
In order to ensure your privacy , information we collect is used only in the manner and for the purposes described below .
Fixya.com collects some anonymous information each time you visit Fixya.com so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience .
We collect your IP address , referral data , and browser and platform type .
You do not have to register with Fixya.com before we can collect this anonymous information .
We do not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , e-mail address , etc . ) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
Fixya.com does not require you to share information that identifies you personally , such as your name or email address , in order for you to use the Fixya.com search .
Fixya.com assigns an anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional data to that number : the date and time you visited Fixya.com , your search terms , and the links upon which you choose to click .
Like most standard Web site servers , we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information .
We analyze this information to examine trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
Fixya.com may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed .
We use this information to understand and improve the quality of the Fixya.com search .
We use a feature of Internet web browsers called a `` cookie , '' which is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
This enables us to store user preferences and track user trends and search patterns .
We use cookies to improve the quality of the Fixya.com services and to better understand how users interact with us .
We do not and can not use Cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information .
The cookie technology we use can not obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some Fixya.com features or services may not function properly without cookies .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
We may share aggregated general information about our site with our corporate partners or others .
Examples of this include the number of users who searched for `` Digital Camera '' , the daily number of unique visitors , or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement .
Aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you .
Information sharing : We may share personally identifying information to other companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances :
We have your consent .
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf .
When this is done , it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
When required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a criminal investigation , a court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Fixya.com 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
If you have an account , we may share the information submitted under your account among all of our services in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services .
We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies , except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your consent .
We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the Canada or any other country in which Fixya.com or its agents maintain facilities .
By using our services , you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities , including those located outside your country .
Fixya.com may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf .
These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to Fixya.com so that we can provide a better search experience to you .
For this purpose , we may also provide these third parties service providers anonymous information about your site navigation .
We may share certain information about you with carefully selected business partners , including those who may offer services that complement those provided by us or which we believe may be of interest to you .
We may also disclose information to third parties who assist us in providing our services to you .
For example , we may engage third parties to make improvements on our site , to offer new products and to allow us to customize your experience on the Site .
If you contact Fixya.com , we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address .
Third Party Information Gathering
Fixya.com includes content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein .
These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information .
Please be aware that Fixya.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site .
Fixya.com does not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of age nor do we knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with third parties .
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the business of Fixya.com , we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company .
The Information that is gathered when submitting a URL to the Fixya.com directory is only used to contact the customer and will not be sold or otherwise transferred without their explicit permission .
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or revise this privacy policy from time to time .
We will post these changes to this page .
Use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used .
Last updated : January 30 , 2013

The Florida Lottery recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of the Florida Lottery website .
Therefore , visitors should be aware of the following information :
Visitors should be aware that , subject to certain statutory exceptions , most documents and records maintained by the state of Florida , including but not limited to electronic data , are public records under Florida law .
Therefore , information submitted through this website may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Records required to be maintained pursuant to the laws of Florida will be retained and disposed of in accordance with applicable record retention schedules .
In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our website , we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the website .
However , this information does not disclose `` personal identifiers '' ( such as name , address , telephone number , email address , etc . ) .
Each time a request is made to view a page within this website , our website creates a log file capturing generic user information .
Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , the date and time you accessed this site , the Internet protocol address of the individual computer ( or proxy server ) making the request , and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site .
All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only , and may be analyzed for trends and statistics .
Online Forms and Email
This website will not collect personally identifiable information ( such as name , address , telephone number , etc . ) unless you provide such information voluntarily .
We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this website to your specific interests and needs ( including periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests ) .
You are free to provide or to not provide the requested information .
If you choose to not provide this type of information , you can still visit most of the website , but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums .
Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors , including personal information submitted on online forms and email , will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority .
Information submitted through this website also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Visitors who submit information via this website should be aware that data linking your computer to this website ( a `` cookie '' ) may be created .
Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction , to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction .
Information collected on our websites , including cookies , may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request .
Links and Affiliated Websites
Some hypertext links on the Florida Lottery website link to other sites and other third parties .
By clicking on any of these links , you are leaving our website .
The Florida Lottery has no control over the information collected by any third party after you have left the Florida Lottery website .
The Florida Lottery encourages you to read their privacy policies .
The data collection , usage and disclosure practices of any third party linked to the Florida Lottery website are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
The Florida Lottery assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third party websites , including their privacy practices or content , or disclosure of information by third parties .
Reference to any websites linked to this site does not constitute an endorsement by the Florida Lottery .
The Florida Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any websites linked to this site , and any views expressed on such websites do not necessarily represent the views of the Florida Lottery .
You assume any and all risk associated with the use of any website linked to this site .
The Florida Lottery does not guarantee or warrant any information , services or products advertised or offered on such websites .
Any further questions concerning the privacy policy for the Florida Lottery website should be directed to the Lottery 's Customer Service Department or by phone at ( 850 ) 487-7787 .

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for FlamingText.com .
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site which encompasses both our Logo Design Tool and ImageBot products .
It will notify you of the following :
What information is collected from you through the web site , how it is used and with whom it may be shared .
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data .
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information .
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
Collection and Use of Information
Personally identifiable information .
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site .
We only have access to and collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you .
We will not sell or rent any personally identifiable information to anyone .
We will use your information to respond to you , regarding the reason you contacted us .
Unless you ask us not to , we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new products or services , surveys or contests , or changes to this privacy policy .
Non-personally identifiable information .
We collect non-personally identifiable information which is data that has not been directly associated to any specific individual .
This includes keeping track of user activity as well as collecting the images that are created on our site .
We may log information regarding user execution environments ( eg . browser type , operating system , remote address ) .
We also aggregate demographic information about users such as age , gender , location .
We use non-personally identifiable information to better understand our users so that we can improve our products , services and marketing strategies .
We share aggregated demographic information with our advertisers to enable them to better target ad content to our users .
From time to time , you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties .
If you opt-in to receive such information , we will with your permission share your name , email address and other information that you opt to provide to them .
We will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party outside of our organization other than as necessary to fulfill your request , to comply with the law or to satisfy any requirements in the event of a company reorganization that may involve the merger , acquisition or sale of our assets .
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time .
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our website :
See what data we have about you , if any .
Change/correct any data we have about you .
Have us delete any data we have about you .
Express any concern you have about our use of your data .
We take precautions to protect your information .
When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline .
Wherever we collect sensitive information ( such as credit card data ) , that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way .
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online , we also protect your information offline .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information .
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment .
A user may be required to first complete a registration form in order to use particular services of this site .
During registration a user is required to give certain information ( such as name and email address ) .
This information is used to contact you about the products and services on our site in which you have expressed interest .
At your option , you may also provide demographic information ( such as gender ) about yourself , but it is not required .
We require your age to ensure you are 13 or older ( COPPA ) .
This site uses the services of Google , CasaleMedia , ValueClick and other third parties to serve advertisements for promotions and other marketing messages when you visit our site .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to target advertisements for goods and services that are of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice , including your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please visit Google , ValueClick , Casale Media .
Exponential ( Tribal Fusion ) .
You can opt-out of most advertising at the NAI Gateway .
We use `` cookies '' on this site .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor 's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site .
For instance , when we use a cookie to identify you , you would not have to log in a password more than once , thereby saving time while on our site .
Some services on this web site require that you are a registered user .
To determine if you are registered and currently logged in , we use a cookie to keep track of this information .
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site ( for example , advertisers ) .
However , we have no access to or control over these cookies .
This web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information .
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code , age level ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site .
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or if you have questions about this policy or suggestions on how to make it better , please contact us .

FlashScore.com respects the privacy of visitors to our site .
We are committed to protecting your privacy online .
We use information we collect about you to provide you with the services which you may access through our web site .
We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here , we inform you how we collect information , what we do with it , who has access to it and what controls you have over its use .
Collection of personal information
We do not collect any personal information where you simply browse our website .
We do require that you supply some information where you use basic services provided through our website .
Nevertheless , we may , upon registration or at other times , ask you to submit your e-mail address .
You are under no obligation to provide us with this information .
However , if you should choose to withhold requested information , we may not be able to provide you the services required .
We will only use the information you provide to us for the following purposes :
- Send you forgotten password to your personal account
- Send you information we think you may find useful , including our products , services information and commercial / advertising materials .
- Provide advanced services .
- Improve the content of our web page .
- Personalized page content and/or layout .
We do not sell , trade or rent your information provided to us to others .
We can only transfer this information to other subject in case of sale of whole site .
We may need to disclose your provided information to third parties where this is required by law or where this is necessary for the function of a service provided to you .
We may provide statistics about visitors , sales , traffic , etc . to third party vendors but these will not include any identifying information .
Users who do n't wish to receive our emails anymore can unsubscribe by writing to provider via contact form .
When you visit our Site , we automatically log your IP address and pages visited .
It help us administer the Site and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use .
A `` cookie '' is information stored on your computer by a web server and used to customize your web service in some way .
FlashScore.com site uses cookies to store information about your interactions that may be needed later to perform a function .
You can choose not to accept cookies and still use our services .
However , you can be unable to use the cookie-dependent features .
Refer to the help information in your browser software for instructions on how to disable cookies .
Your acceptance of these terms
You consent to our collection and use of information and to the use of that information in accordance with the privacy policy set out above .
If we change our privacy policy in any way , we will post these changes on this page .
FlashScore.com is provided by : LiveSport Media Ltd , CMS House , First Floor , St. Peter 's Street , San Gwann , SGN 2310 , Malta , Company ID : C 54555 .

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
This commitment guides our handling of any personal data we collect from you , or that you provide us with .
The location function used in our smartphone apps is only used to provide you with easy access to your current location on the map .
In the instances when you have to register for one of our services , this is to let us provide personalized services and communicate separately with you .
Your information will never be shared with a third-party .
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls .
This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy policy .
Like most web sites , we use small bits of data called cookies stored on users ' computers to simulate a continuous connection .
Cookies let us remember information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our service without reintroducing yourself .
Web browsers let you easily see and control cookies .
Flightradar24 and its advertisers may also use cookies to determine on an anonymous basis , which advertisements users have seen , and how users responded to them .
Similarly , Flightradar24 and its advertisers may use small pieces of code called `` web beacons '' or `` clear gifs '' to collect anonymous advertising metrics and to deliver cookies related to such advertisements .
If you have any questions regarding Flightradar24 and your privacy , please contact us .

We value the trust you place in us .
That 's why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy .
Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices .
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice .
To make sure you are aware of any changes , please review this policy periodically .
By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website .
By mere use of the Website , you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use .
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and other Information
When you use our Website , we collect and store your personal information which is provided by you from time to time .
Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe , efficient , smooth and customized experience .
This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs , and to customize our Website to make your experience safer and easier .
More importantly , while doing so we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose .
In general , you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
Where possible , we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional .
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website .
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our Website .
We use this information to do internal research on our users ' demographics , interests , and behaviour to better understand , protect and serve our users .
This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis .
This information may include the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on our Website or not ) , which URL you next go to ( whether this URL is on our Website or not ) , your computer browser information , and your IP address .
We use data collection devices such as `` cookies '' on certain pages of the Website to help analyse our web page flow , measure promotional effectiveness , and promote trust and safety .
`` Cookies '' are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services .
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a `` cookie '' .
We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session .
Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests .
Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session .
Additionally , you may encounter `` cookies '' or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties .
We do not control the use of cookies by third parties .
If you choose to buy on the Website , we collect information about your buying behaviour .
If you transact with us , we collect some additional information , such as a billing address , a credit / debit card number and a credit / debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details and tracking information from cheques or money orders .
If you choose to post messages on our message boards , chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback , we will collect that information you provide to us .
We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes , provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law .
If you send us personal correspondence , such as emails or letters , or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website , we may collect such information into a file specific to you .
We collect personally identifiable information ( email address , name , phone number , credit card / debit card / other payment instrument details , etc . ) from you when you set up a free account with us .
While you can browse some sections of our Website without being a registered member , certain activities ( such as placing an order ) do require registration .
We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests .
Use of Demographic / Profile Data / Your Information
We use personal information to provide the services you request .
To the extent we use your personal information to market to you , we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses .
We use your personal information to resolve disputes ; troubleshoot problems ; help promote a safe service ; collect money ; measure consumer interest in our products and services , inform you about online and offline offers , products , services , and updates ; customize your experience ; detect and protect us against error , fraud and other criminal activity ; enforce our terms and conditions ; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings , we collect and analyse demographic and profile data about our users ' activity on our Website .
We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Website .
Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information .
We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys .
These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information ( like zip code , age , or
income level ) .
We use this data to tailor your experience at our Website , providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences .
A `` cookie '' is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back from that browser .
Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user .
We place both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer 's hard drive .
The cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information .
Sharing of personal information
We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates to help detect and prevent identity theft , fraud and other potentially illegal acts ; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services ; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity .
Those entities and affiliates may not market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-in .
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas , court
orders , or other legal process .
We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices , third party rights owners , or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy ; respond to claims that an advertisement , posting or other content violates the rights of a third party ; or protect the rights , property or personal safety of our users or the general public .
We and our affiliates will share / sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we ( or our assets ) plan to merge with , or be acquired by that business entity , or re-organization , amalgamation , restructuring of business .
Should such a transaction occur that other business entity ( or the new combined entity ) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
Links to Other Sites
Our Website links to other websites that may collect personally identifiable information about you .
Flipkart.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites .
Our Website has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Whenever you change or access your account information , we offer the use of a secure server .
Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines , protecting it against unauthorized access .
We provide all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential ( promotional , marketing-related ) communications from us on behalf of our partners , and from us in general , after setting up an account .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email
address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
By using the Website and/ or by providing your information , you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy , including but not limited to Your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under , the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below :
Mr Chinnappa Karumbaiah Kuppanda
Flipkart Internet Private Limited
Ozone Manay Tech Park , # 56/18 & 55/09 , 7th floor ,
Garvebhavipalya , Hosur Road , Bangalore- 560068 .
Phone : +91- 080-49083910
Time : Mon ? Sat ( 9:00 ? 18:00 )

Last Changes to Privacy Policy : July 3 , 2013
We are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information .
The policies below are applicable to the Random House network of websites including the randomhouse.com website ; our divisional and imprint websites ( e.g. , bantam-dell.atrandom.com , crownpublishing.com , fodors.com , knopfdoubleday.com , livinglanguage.com , primagames.com ) ; genre websites hosted and maintained by us ( e.g. , suvudu.com , booksforbetterliving.com , wordandfilm.com ) ; Random House author sites hosted and maintained by us ; all email newsletters published by Random House , including on behalf of our authors ; all apps published by Random House ; and all other interactive features , services , and communications provided by Random House ( collectively , `` Sites '' ) , however accessed and/or used , that are operated by us , made available by us , or produced and maintained by Random House LLC . ( collectively , `` Random House '' or `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' ) .
We have established this privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to these Sites , why we gather your information , what we use your personal information for , when we might disclose your personal information , and how you can manage your personal information .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online at our Sites .
It does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline , or to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us .
By visiting our Sites , you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Sites .
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice .
Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively , we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments .
Controllers of Personal Information
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored ?
Is Personal Information Collected From Children ?
How Do We Use Your Information ?
Who Do We Provide Your Information To ?
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure ?
Your Obligations to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website ?
What About Contests and Sweepstakes ?
Public Areas , Chat Rooms , Reviews , and Community Areas
Notice to Non-US Users
Changes to This Policy
How Do I Opt-Out or Correct Information About Me
Your California Privacy Rights
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by Random House is controlled primarily by Random House LLC. , 1745 Broadway , New York , NY 10019 .
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites , personal information and non-personal information .
Personal information is information that you may supply to us , as described more fully below , i.e. , when you subscribe , order , complete a survey , register for a Site or any part thereof , enter a contest , upload content , participate in a community , or provide your e-mail address .
Personal information is any information that can individually identify you and includes your name , e-mail address , telephone number , postal address , credit card , billing and contact information .
Non-personal information includes information that does not personally identify you but may include tracking and usage information about your location , demographics , use of the Sites and the Internet .
As a general matter , you can browse the Sites without submitting your personal information to us .
However , there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personal information .
The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your personal information .
Registration for an account on the Sites
Sign up to receive e-mail newsletters from us
Request for customer service or other assistance
Participation in surveys , panels , or market research
Participation in special events and promotions
Purchases on the Sites
Entry in contests or sweepstakes
Participation on social media accounts involving Random House , our books and our brands
Participation in communities , chat rooms , and other interactive services
Submission of user generated content on any part of the Sites that permit it
Submission of a job application
Any other place on the Sites where you knowingly volunteer personal information
Collection of Personal Information From Social Media Sites
When you interact with any Random House property page or account on a social media platform , such as Facebook , Twitter , Google+ , Tumblr , YouTube , or Pinterest , we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or `` handle . ''
However , we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms .
In addition , when you interact with the Sites , our servers may keep an activity log that does not identify you individually ( `` Non-Personal Information '' ) .
Generally , we collect and store the following categories of Non-Personal Information :
Demographic data such as age , gender , and five digit zip code as part of collecting personal information
Device information about your computer , mobile device , or other device that you use to access the Sites .
This information may include IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language , and other transactional information .
Usage information about your use of the Sites .
This information includes a reading history of the pages you view .
We use this information to provide you a more customized experience on the Sites .
Additional `` traffic data '' such as time of access , date of access , software crash reports , session identification number , access times , and referring website addresses .
Your search terms and search results .
Other information regarding our users ' use of the Sites .
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information
We collect and store your device 's source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the Sites .
Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data .
In addition , in some cases the Sites can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature .
If you enable that feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device which will be used by the Sites to serve you certain content tied to your location .
If you elect to have your location-based searches saved to your history , we will store such information on our servers .
Collection of Personal and Non-Personal Information From Other Sources
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources to , among other things , enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to better customize your experience on the Sites .
Use of Cookies , Flash Cookies and Web Beacons
Like many websites , we use `` cookies '' , which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions .
We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services .
We may also use cookies to monitor traffic , improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use .
You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf .
We do not control these cookies , and these cookies are not subject to this cookie policy .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but , if you prefer , you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
We may also use web beacons or flash cookies .
A web beacon or flash cookie ( also known as `` action tags '' , `` tracer tags '' , or `` single-pixel gifs '' ) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect non-personal information about your use of a given website .
We do not share or provide personal information we may collect through such web beacons , such as names , e-mail addresses and phone numbers with our advertisers without your express permission .
We work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize flash or enhanced cookies or web beacons to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
These partners do not have access to or use your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal information from us .
They may , however , anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites .
Is Personal Information Collected From Children
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection and with parent or guardian consent , Random House does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age you should not under any circumstance provide personally identifiable information to Random House .
If Random House discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided Random House with personally identifiable information , Random House will immediately delete that child 's information from the Sites .
How Do We Use Your Information
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites .
We may use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways :
Provide you with the products and services you request
Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our Sites
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites , including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters , offers and promotions for our products and services , third party products and services , or special events by e-mail or other another medium
Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Administer our loyalty programs
Administer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , and surveys
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate , and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical , demographic , and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns
Combination of Your Personal Information
We use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites , all of which are owned and operated by Random House LLC and may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single customer record .
We also use and/or combine information that we collect off-line or from third party sources to enhance and check the accuracy of your customer records .
Use of Your Location Information
We use your location information to :
Provide you with the products and services you request
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites , including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Personalize your newsletters , offers and promotions for our products and services , third party products and services , or special events
Personalize the advertising you receive , including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate , and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical , demographic , and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns
Who Do We Provide Your Information To
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy , we do not use or disclose information about your Personal Information collected online to any companies not part of the Random House family of companies .
Although , as disclosed below , we may provide your information to our partners , in no event will we sell or rent your Personal Information as part of a customer list or similar transaction .
We have third party agents , subsidiaries , affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf , such as hosting , billing , marketing , analytics , customer service , fraud protection , etc .
These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information .
They are restricted from using , selling , distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites .
Business Partners and Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information with our business partners or co-marketers from time to time .
We may also share your Personal Information with third parties that provide products and services that we think you may be interested in .
Although our treatment of your Personal Information is governed by this Privacy Policy , the business partner or third party 's treatment of your Personal Information will be governed by the business partner or third party 's privacy policy .
You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your Personal Information with business partners and third parties at any time by following the opt-out process described below .
We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites ; ( b ) protect and defend our rights or property , the Sites or our users , and ( c ) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us , our affiliates , agents , or the users of the Sites or the public .
Use of Non-Personal Information
We may disclose or share Non-Personal Information ( or other information , other than Personal Information ) in any other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary .
Among other things , we will disclose Non-Personal Information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites .
We will also disclose Non-Personal Information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites .
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your Personal Information .
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your device to our servers .
Personal Information collected by our Sites is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public .
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you .
Please understand , however , that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it , no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Your Obligations to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
You promise to : ( a ) provide true , accurate , current and complete information about yourself and your business as prompted by a Website 's registration form ( such information being the `` Registration Data '' ) and ( b ) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true , accurate , current and complete .
If you provide any information that is untrue , inaccurate , not current or incomplete , or Random House has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue , inaccurate , not current or incomplete , Random House has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Sites ( or any portion thereof ) .
You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account .
Furthermore , you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account .
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website
These Sites may contain links to other websites operated by affiliates of Random House or third parties .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for Random House do not apply to information gathered through these other websites .
We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites .
What About Contests and Sweepstakes
When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to our Sites , it will be accompanied by a set of rules .
The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed , if it is different than as described in this Privacy Policy .
In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes , Personal Information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it to .
Public Areas , Chat Rooms , Reviews , and Community Areas
Please remember that any information you share in public areas , such as message boards or feedback sections , becomes public and anyone may take and use that information .
Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any Personal Information that you expect to keep private .
Please consult the applicable guidelines , if any , for use of our chat rooms and other community areas for more information .
These Sites are published in the United States .
We attempt to protect the Personal Information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the Random House services , but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws .
If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located , you should not submit your Personal Information to Random House .
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Sites and services .
We may also sell certain assets associated with the Sites .
As a result , please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged .
Under such circumstances we would , to the extent possible , require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time .
Nevertheless , we can not promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy .
Notice to Non-US Users
If you are located outside the United States of America , you should be aware that your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the United States of America , the laws of which may be deemed by the your country to have inadequate data protection .
If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personal information to us , you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to , and/or storage of that information in , the United States of America .
Changes to This Policy
As our Sites continue to develop , we may add new services and features to our Sites .
In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy , this document will be updated appropriately .
We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
We do , however , recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our Sites in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy .
We will not , however , materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of Personal Information we have previously collected from you without your express consent .
How Do I Opt-Out or Correct Information About Me
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail messages and newsletters from Random House .
We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about you .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Random House who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .

The Motley Fool , LLC ( `` The Motley Fool '' or `` we '' or `` us '' ) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
Please read the following to understand our practices regarding personal information and how they affect you as you use our features and services .
This statement discloses our current privacy practices ; if we make material changes to these practices , we will announce them and notify you via email .
The Motley Fool has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
This Privacy Statement answers the following questions :
What information does The Motley Fool gather about you ?
How does The Motley Fool use your personal information ?
How do we use `` IP addresses '' and `` cookies '' ?
Will The Motley Fool disclose any of your personal information ?
What kind of security measures do we take to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure ?
Will The Motley Fool use your information for direct mailings ?
How can you deactivate your account or correct or revise information that we have about you ?
How do we respect children 's privacy ?
Does The Motley Fool participate in the Safe Harbor program ?
What else should you know about your privacy ?
How will you know whether The Motley Fool 's privacy policy has changed ?
What Information Does The Motley Fool Gather About You
The Motley Fool collects information about our readers so that we can provide a more interesting and useful service , as well as more appropriate advertising .
We ask for your name , email address , and other personal information when you register to use certain features of our Web site , or if you sign up for special or personalized services , such as our discussion boards or email newsletters .
We also may ask for this information at other times , such as when you enter contests or other promotions sponsored by The Motley Fool and/or our partners .
We sometimes conduct surveys as well , although you do not have to respond to them .
If you use our recommendation service to email one of our articles to a friend , you will need to provide us with your friend 's email address and your email address as a return address .
We will automatically send this person a one-time email , with the recommended article attached , as well as invite your friend to visit and register with our site .
We will not use these email addresses for any other purpose .
We collect IP addresses for site security and to help us understand how people use our sites so that we can improve our sites and our users ' respective experiences .
For similar quality reasons , we use a feature known as a `` cookie . ''
Cookies contain bits of information that websites transfer to your computer 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies can make the Web more convenient by storing information about your preferences on a site .
Although we may assign your browser a cookie , the cookie does not tell us who you are .
Only you can tell us that .
We discuss cookies later in this Privacy Statement .
When you place an order for a product or service , we need to know the sort of information typically used for credit card transactions , such as your name , mailing and billing addresses ( and shipping address , if different ) , telephone number , and credit card number and expiration date .
Gathering this information allows us to process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status .
We will also use your information to contact you regarding your order if necessary .
We encrypt all of this information using Secure Socket Layers ( SSL ) technology .
If you enter stocks into a Watchlist or premium Scorecard , we will save that information , and use it to identify content that we think is relevant to you .
We will also use that information in the aggregate to help us better understand what our community and our premium members are interested in , so we can create and target our content better .
If you use a Motley Fool application on a third party site or mobile device we may collect data about you including your email address .
We will let you know what data , if any , we are collecting at the time .
Our Web site includes social media features including the Facebook Like button and widgets , such as the Share this button or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site ( the Social Media Features ) .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly us .
Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
You can log in to our site using third party sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on Fool.com to your profile page to share with others within your network .
We may also collect your email address when you submit content to our sites ( for example , a contest entry , or a review of a product ) .
Unless we get your approval , we will not display your address with your submission .
Besides cookies , we may also use tiny electronic images ( called `` single-pixel GIFs '' or `` Web beacons '' ) , which allow us to count users who have visited specific pages or access certain cookies .
We may use single-pixel GIFs in the following ways :
To count and recognize users .
To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites , and for auditing purposes .
To determine aggregate information about users , including demographic and usage information .
To determine which email messages were opened ( and when ) , as well as acted upon when we send HTML-formatted email messages ( messages resembling Web pages that include graphics ) .
Our Web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information .
You can disable our Web beacon by turning images off in your email client .
Advertising networks that serve ads on our site may also use single-pixel GIFs in their advertisements .
In general , any electronic image viewed as part of a Web page , including an ad banner , can act as a Web beacon .
How Does The Motley Fool Use Your Personal Information
The Motley Fool collects personal information to provide you , the user , with the best and most personalized experience possible , and to provide our advertisers with an efficient way to reach the right audience .
In short , by knowing a little about you , The Motley Fool can deliver more relevant content and advertisements to you .
We conduct research on our users ' demographics , interests , and behavior based upon the information you provide us when you register or participate in contests or other promotions on our site , or based upon information we receive from other sources .
This research is usually compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis , but may also be combined with personal information to help us improve your experience .
We may also notify you of products , services , or areas of our site that we think may interest you based on the information we 've received .
If you would prefer us not to contact you for these purposes , simply go to our opt-out page and let us know .
Sometimes we ask for personal information when providing special features and services .
You do not have to give us that information , but without it , you may not be able to take advantage of those products or services .
For example , you will be unable to track your personal stock portfolio on our site unless you input the stocks you own , and you may not be able to gain access to certain areas of our site unless you register and/or subscribe .
How Do We Use `` IP Addresses '' and `` Cookies
Your Web browser or email application automatically provides your Internet Protocol address ( `` IP address '' ) to other computers with which you communicate over the Internet , so that they know where to send you information .
We receive an IP address each time you view one of our Web pages , because the browser automatically reports it to us .
We also may store the IP address when you register with The Motley Fool , post a message , or buy something from us .
We may use IP addresses for various purposes , including :
Diagnosing service or technology problems .
Assessing and maintaining system security .
Displaying the most appropriate advertising or content .
Studying how people use our site and how we can improve it .
Reporting to advertisers about aggregate , but not individual , information derived from IP addresses .
Cookies are used on our sites in the following ways :
We use cookies to access your stored account information automatically when you log on to our site , in order to deliver a better and more personalized service .
We use cookies to estimate our audience size and usage patterns .
The unique cookie that is given to each browser accessing The Motley Fool is then used to determine usage patterns and help us target content and ads based upon user interests .
We use cookies to allow you to access your account information automatically , as well as make changes to your personal information .
Our search engines may use cookies to expedite your search for content or products .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our Web advertising partners , who include DoubleClick , AOL , and Advertising.com , may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
For more on how to opt-out of these cookies , please see below .
Some of our advertisers use third-party networks to serve their advertisements on our sites and in our HTML-formatted newsletters .
Often , these third-party advertising companies use cookies , Web beacons , and similar technologies to measure advertisement effectiveness .
We do not control , nor do we have access to , their cookies or the information they obtain .
Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies .
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies , but you can configure yours to refuse cookies or notify you when you 've received one .
Browsers differ , so check your `` Help '' menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences .
If you reject cookies on our sites , though , you will not be able to access all areas of them or use many of their features , including our discussion boards and portfolio tracker .
When you accept our cookies , we can not use them to find out who you really are , unless you tell us .
And even then , they wo n't tell us what you are thinking , your ATM PIN , or to whom you are writing love letters .
For more information about cookies , read the unofficial Cookie FAQ from CookieCentral.com .
Will The Motley Fool Disclose Any of Your Personal Information
The Motley Fool will not disclose any personally identifiable information about individual users , except as described in this Privacy Statement .
With the few exceptions that we explain here , we do not give , rent , lend , or sell individual information to our advertisers , although we do provide aggregate information .
We may also use this aggregated information to help the advertisers reach the kind of audience they want .
They may give us an ad and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , males in the 22314 ZIP code ) .
The Motley Fool ( or people working on our behalf , under contracts and confidentiality agreements ) would then take the ad and display it to users who have told us they meet those criteria .
We may also disclose aggregate information ( for example , information showing that 35 million of our readers clicked on a particular Web advertising banner last month ) in order to describe our services to prospective partners , advertisers , and other third parties , and for other lawful purposes .
As for individually identifiable information , we may disclose it only under the following circumstances :
We may disclose information to others when we have your consent .
If you sign up for a special offer from an advertiser ( for example , in our `` What Every Fool Needs '' or `` Special Offers '' areas , or whatever we call them if we change their names ) , we will provide your individual contact information ( for example , name , mailing address , email address , and/or telephone number ) , so that the advertiser or its agent can fulfill the special offer .
Once the advertiser receives the information , it will handle the information under its own privacy policies .
Obviously , if you do not want a particular advertiser to have your personal information , then you should not sign up for that advertiser 's offer .
If you sign up for a service that relies upon third parties for important elements , we will provide your personal information to the third parties so that they can provide you with their services , and those companies will treat the data under their own policies .
We will tell you about these service providers at the time you sign up for the service .
We may disclose information to selected partners , under nondisclosure agreements , only for the purpose of marketing Motley Fool co-branded offerings ( such as a Motley Fool newsletter published by another company , a Motley Fool-branded credit card , Motley Fool cereal , or Motley Fool meringues-by-mail baked and delivered with love by eMeringue ) .
Those partners will be able to use the personal information they receive from us only for marketing the co-branded offerings , not for marketing anything else .
So , you might get a notice about Motley Fool Morsels , manufactured by Nature 's Miracle cereal company , but you will not receive one for that company 's other flakes , crisps , or nuggets .
Of course , if you then sign up for a co-branded product from our partner , the information you provide to that company will be subject to the partner 's own privacy policies .
If you would prefer not to hear about such products and services , simply go to our opt-out page and let us know .
If you provide us with a `` snail mail '' address after May 15 , 2005 , we may provide that information to advertisers so that they can send you mail about their own products and services .
If you do not want such mail , you can throw it in the trash , use it for kindling , or go to the opt-out page .
Note : This provision does not apply to information received by us before May 15 , 2005 .
If you buy something from us , we will disclose your personal information to the extent necessary to fulfill your order and charge your credit card ( if applicable ) .
We may use a fulfillment company to fill and ship your order ( excluding products you download directly from our site ) and a credit card processing company to verify your card number and process the transaction .
For example , if you order a `` Fool '' cap with your credit card , we need to give your address to the fulfillment house ( so that it can ship the cap to you ) and your credit card information to the processing company ( to confirm payment ) .
We may also give your information to a delivery or postal service so that it can get your order to you .
If you use our recommendation service to email one of our articles to a friend , The Motley Fool will automatically send this person a one-time email , with the recommended article attached .
The email address you give us will appear on the `` From '' line of the email , thereby disclosing this information to whoever opens and reads the email .
Similarly , if you send email from our site , by using `` Reply to Author '' or `` Email this Post , '' your address may appear as the return address of that email .
We may disclose your personal information as required by applicable law , or in response to legal process , to protect the rights or property of The Motley Fool , or to protect the safety of The Motley Fool , our users , or others .
We may sometimes conduct mailings to other people 's lists .
To make it easier for us to comply with the Federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 , we may share our email list of people who have requested not to receive promotional communications from us with the list providers ( or contractors ) solely so that we can avoid sending emails to people who have asked not to receive them ( or , conversely , so that our advertisers can avoid sending emails to people who have requested not to hear from them ) .
We provide these lists only to list providers or contractors that we consider to be reputable , and only under strict nondisclosure/nonuse agreements .
We may disclose personal information in some other limited circumstances , but we will specifically describe them to you when we collect the information , such as in the rules of a contest or a new service .
For example , if we are going to give personal information to a contest 's sponsor , we will disclose it when you sign up for the contest , so that you can decide whether to enter .
We may employ contractors or other third parties to help with our operations .
We may give them access to databases of user information , so that they can perform their services for us , including performing system maintenance , displaying personalized content ( such as portfolios ) , performing list analysis or management , or sending mailings for us from our advertisers .
These parties are all subject to confidentiality agreements that restrict their use and disclosure of information they obtain through their relationship with The Motley Fool .
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners .
Information about your visits to Fool.com and our partner sites , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
For more information about DoubleClick and how to opt-out of their tracking methods , please click here .
For more information about AOL , including how to opt-out of their tracking methods , please click here .
For more information about Advertising.com , and their opt-out methods , click here .
For more information about opting out of advertising generally , please click here .
Because we are one big , happy family , The Motley Fool and its subsidiaries may share information for site administration or order fulfillment , and to notify you of products and services that may interest you .
If The Motley Fool is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
What Kind of Security Measures Do We Take to Protect Your Information From Accidental Loss or Disclosure
The Motley Fool is committed to protecting your personal information .
We store information you provide us on our secure servers .
Further , the information you provide when making a purchase is encrypted with SSL technology .
Personalized areas of our sites , such as My Fool , are password-protected .
Only you have access to these password-protected areas .
Do not share your passwords with anyone .
The Motley Fool will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email .
If you are using a computer to which others have access , such as one in a computer lab , Internet cafe , or public library , always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving our site .
Upon your request , we will remove your personal information from the website but we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our Fool Rules and take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
Will The Motley Fool Use Your Information for Direct Mailings
If you register with The Motley Fool or sign up for or buy any of our products or services , we will send you information about our various products and services , or other products and services that we believe may interest you .
Our partners in co-branded products ( for example , our Motley Fool-branded credit card ) may also send you information , but only for those Fool-branded products .
As we stated earlier , we may also provide your physical mailing address ( but not your email address ) to people who will send you promotional `` snail '' mailings about their products and services .
Note , again : This provision applies only to information received by us after May 15 , 2005 .
If you do not want to receive such offers and mailings , you can let us know on our opt-out page , or you may send snail mail to Privacy Penelope , The Motley Fool , 2000 Duke St. , 4th Floor , Alexandria , VA 22314 .
We 'll remove your name from our lists as soon as we can .
Another way is to simply to click the `` unsubscribe '' link found in our email messages .
Please note : If you purchase products or services from us , or if you register for an account with us , we may contact you to confirm your purchase , subscription , or registration , or to provide you with information about its terms or features .
You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails , to help you use our products and services .
How Can You Deactivate or Reactivate Your Account or Edit the Information We Have About You
Either you will be able to make your changes right there , or we will give you instructions .
Please note that if you have opted out of receiving emails and other communications from us and you subsequently select to receive one of our free reports or take a free trial subscription , you will need to opt out again if you still prefer us not to contact you .
Otherwise , we may contact you using the email address you provided us at the time you signed up for the free report or offer .
To cancel any of your free email subscriptions , do so at your Account Settings page or click the unsubscribe link within the emails .
How Do We Respect Children 's Privacy
Our sites are not directed at children under the age of 13 .
We operate our sites in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 .
Does The Motley Fool Participate in the Safe Harbor Program
The Motley Fool complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
The Motley Fool has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
What Else Should You Know About Your Privacy
When you post information on discussion boards , in chat rooms , and in such features as your Personal Profile or your Foolish Interview , that information , along with your screen name , is visible to the public .
Please remember that whenever you disclose personal information publicly that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online where people can see it , people will know that information and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
If you do not want strangers to have your email address , you should not post your email address on a discussion board .
Similarly , if you do not want people to know that you are President Barack Obama and you use our `` Living Below Your Means '' discussion board for help in balancing the federal budget , then you should not post that information , Mister President .
Also please be aware that when you post messages on our discussion boards , people can respond to your posts through our `` Reply to Author '' email function .
Of course , they still will not know your email address ( unless you send email to them ) .
This Privacy Statement applies to the operations of our U.S. sites .
Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country .
Each Motley Fool entity ( e.g. , Fool.co.uk ) may have different policies , which will apply to ( and be stated on ) its site .
While we do our best to protect your personal information , The Motley Fool can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
What does all of this mean ? Just as in the investing world , you must protect yourself .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password and/or account information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online , especially when using a computer that other people can use also .
Many of our advertisers or partners , such as brokerages , merchants , or data providers , link from our site to areas on their own sites where they sell their own products and services .
If you follow links from our site to others , you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites , which have their own privacy and data collection practices .
The Motley Fool has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies ( and we may not even know what they are ) .
For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies , check that site .
How Will You Know Whether The Motley Fool 's Privacy Policy Has Changed
We may change this Privacy Statement at any time , but we will give notice of any material change ( or any notices that we are required to give you ) on our websites and/or in email messages prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy .
Last Updated : October 24th , 2013
2000 Duke Street , Fourth Floor
Alexandria , VA 22314

Updated Feb 7th , 2009
This Privacy Policy describes how footytube and its subsidiaries treat personal information when you use our services , including information provided when you use the footytube Website .
* Non-Account Activity .
You can watch videos on footytube without having a footytube Account .
You can also contact us about a particular video without having a footytube Account .
* Account-Related Activity .
Certain other activities on footytubelike uploading videos , posting comments , flagging videos , or watching restricted videosrequire you to have a footytube Account .
We ask for some personal information when you create a footytube Account , including your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
* Usage Information .
We may record information about your usage , such as when you use footytube , the channels and favorites you subscribe to , the contacts you communicate with , the videos you watch , and the frequency and size of data transfers , as well as information you display or click on in footytube ( including UI elements , settings , and other information ) .
If you are logged in , we may associate that information with your account .
We may use clear GIFs ( a.k.a . `` Web Beacons '' ) in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
* Content Uploaded to Site .
Any personal information , photos or video content that you voluntarily disclose online ( on discussion boards , in messages and chat areas , within your playback or profile pages , etc . ) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
* If you submit personally identifiable information to us through footytube , we use your personal information to operate , maintain , and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of the footytube Site , and to process any flagging activity or correspondence you send to us .
* Your account name ( not your email address ) is displayed to other Users when you upload videos , photos or send messages through the footytube Site and other Users can contact you through messages and comments .
Any videos or photos that you submit to the footytube Site may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels , and may be viewed by the general public .
* We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out .
We may , however , use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as notifying you of major footytube Site changes or for customer service purposes ) .
* We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information ( such as anonymous user usage data , cookies , IP addresses , browser type , clickstream data , etc . ) to improve the quality and design of the footytube Site and to create new features , promotions , functionality , and services by storing , tracking , analyzing , and processing user preferences and trends , as well as user activity and communications .
* We use cookies , clear gifs , and log file information to : ( a ) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the footytube Site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors , pages viewed , etc . ; and ( e ) track your entries , submissions , and status in promotions , sweepstakes , and contests .
Information That is Publicly Available
* When you create an account on the footytube site , some information about your account and your account activity will be provided to other Users of the site .
This may include the date you opened your account , the date you last logged into your account , your age ( if you choose to make it public ) , the country and the number of videos you have watched .
We may also provide user activity information , such as user subscriptions , friend or rival actions and notifications when you upload a video or photo .
* Your account name ( not your email address ) is displayed to other Users when you engage in certain activity on the site , such as you upload videos or send messages through the footytube Site .
Other Users can contact you through messages and comments .
* You may also choose to add personal information that will visible to other Users on your channel page ( which is the public facing page for your account on the site ) .
This may include a profile picture , your name , age , gender , favorite football teams , or other details .
* If you choose to add certain features to your channel page , then these features and your activity associated with these features will be displayed to other Users and may be aggregated and shared with your confirmed friends/rivals or other Users .
Such shared activity may include what videos you favorite , what videos you rated and what videos or photos you have uploaded .
* Any videos or photos that you submit to the footytube Site may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels , and may be viewed by the general public .
* You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information through the footytube Site , in which case you can still view videos and explore the footytube Site , but footytube may not be able to provide certain services to you .
* You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page .
* You may control the information that is available to other Users and your confirmed friends at any time by editing your account and the features that are included on your channel page .
Third-party Advertisers , Links to Other Site
footytube allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements within the footytube Site .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the footytube Site .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see .
footytube does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks footytube to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , men ages 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain channels of content ) and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the footytube Site , such as the number of times you viewed an ad ( but not any personally identifiable information ) , to determine which ads to deliver to you .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices .
footytube 's privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other advertisers or web sites .
Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with footytube is maintained and dealt with by footytube in accordance with this privacy policy .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
footytube adheres to the US Safe Harbor privacy principles .
For more information about the Safe Harbor framework or our registration , see the Department of Commerce 's web site .
If you have any questions concerning your account , please visit our contact page

Revised and posted as of : July 17 , 2013
Forbes.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online .
Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Forbes.com website and services .
The Forbes.com website is owned and operated by Forbes.com LLC .
Forbes has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Forbes complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Forbes has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website and the web .
We use aggregated ( gathered up data across all user accounts ) information to develop content targeted to users ' interests and to better the website user experience .
Forbes.com is committed to your privacy and other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent , Forbes.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time , unless required by law .
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers the website and activities of Forbes.com .
Other Forbes Digital sites linked to from this website have their own privacy statements which can be viewed on those sites .
Please be aware that Forbes.com sponsors , advertisers and partners or affiliates with co-branded modules or sections on Forbes.com may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website .
The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us .
Forbes.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Forbes.com does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Forbes.com website user except when knowingly provided by such individual .
For example , we may ask you for information , such as your e-mail address when you register to become a member of Forbes.com .
You may also provide information to Forbes.com in other contexts , including , for example , on your member profile page and public profile URL or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion .
In the event you order something from Forbes.com or one of our co-branded websites , we may request additional personal information , such as your address , telephone number and credit card information , in order to complete the purchase .
We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services .
You always have the option not to provide the information we request .
If you choose not to provide the information we request , you can still visit most of the Forbes.com website , but you may be unable to access certain options and services .
When you register or become a member of Forbes.com or provide information to Forbes.com in any other manner , you agree to provide only true , accurate , current and complete information .
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer 's hard drive by your web browser .
A cookie file can contain information , such as a user identification code , that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited .
Forbes.com uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Forbes.com and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists , preferences , job title , story ratings ( if you have provided any ) , and membership status so that you do n't have to login each time you visit the website .
The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying ( PII ) and non-personally identifying ( non-PII ) information .
We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site , including Flash cookies , also known as `` local shared objects , '' to perform similar functions as browser cookies .
Like normal browser cookies , these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com .
Business partners of Forbes.com , vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com , third party analytics providers , as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies , please click here .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie , choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies .
However , if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website , you may not be able to use certain features of the site .
To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here .
We use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users , assess traffic patterns , identify preferred content and measure site engagement .
We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened .
Forbes.com also uses a reputable third party to collect information , including through the use of web beacons , browser cookies and other tracking technologies .
We may collect via web beacons various data provided by your browser while you are on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party .
This data is collected in the aggregate , but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted .
Forbes.com web and ad servers log information about a site user 's IP address , browser type and the current URL the user is requesting .
This information is always provided by each and every user 's browser .
These log files are stored in a secure location and used -- in an aggregated , anonymous manner -- in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website .
This information is automatically logged by most websites .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website .
To Target Content and Advertising
To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests , we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas .
We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party .
We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising .
To Provide Interactive Communications From Forbes.com
To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications , such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us .
Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile .
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features , promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile .
To Provide Communications From Third Parties
We respect the privacy of our users and shall not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party , nor shall we permit anyone else to do so .
However , we do make available for rental our list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party offers as part of their user profile .
In those cases , your e-mail address will be transferred to the third party .
Control of Your Information
Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as image , full name , e-mail address , password , location , country and the topics and contributors they are following , and they may elect to stop receiving marketing material from Forbes.com or on behalf of external third party business partners .
You may also request to delete your personal account if you wish to do so .
Please email us at the contact information included below .
We will respond to your request within 30 business days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
When you are on an area of Forbes.com and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information with Forbes.com as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com .
We use third parties to provide credit card processing , e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site .
When you sign up for such services , we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service .
In addition , if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion , please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser .
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site .
If you participate , we will request certain personally identifiable information from you , such as your name and e-mail .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes .
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests ; that company will be prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice .
You can log in to our site using sign-in services that bridge your social media login information with Forbes.com .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
These services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Our website includes social media features , widgets and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These features are small content modules that users can embed on sites and may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , or set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
We offer widgets that are hosted on Forbes.com , like our embeddable video player .
Use of the Forbes.com widgets is subject to the Forbes.com terms of use , but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement .
Aggregate , Anonymous Information With Advertisers
Forbes.com derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users .
In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated , anonymous information that we gather ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience .
We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties .
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites .
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services .
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service .
In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you .
In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider .
In all cases , these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose .
In The Event of Sale or Bankruptcy
The ownership of Forbes.com may change at some point in the future .
Should that occur , we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you .
In the event of a sale , merger , public offering , bankruptcy or other change in control of Forbes.com LLC and/or Forbes.com your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site .
Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner , but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information .
You will be notified as described below in `` How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed . ''
As Required By Law
Forbes.com may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served on Forbes.com or to protect and defend the rights or property of Forbes.com .
Your information is stored on Forbes.com 's servers located in the United States .
We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy , including encryption , `` firewalls '' and the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company .
However , `` perfect security '' does not exist on the Internet .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us -- including information such as your name , address , or e-mail address .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
How to Contact Us
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one .
Our mailing address is Forbes.com LLC , Customer Service , 60 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 .
How Will I Know if the Privacy Policy Is Changed
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .

New Privacy Statement Effective January 1 , 2014
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it .
This privacy statement explains our policies and practices regarding online customer information .
It is through this disclosure that we intend to provide you with a level of comfort and confidence in how we collect , use , and safeguard personal and other information we collect or that you provide through this website , and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns .
It is our sincere hope that by explaining our data handling practices we will develop a trusting and long-lasting relationship with you .
By using the site , you agree to the terms of this privacy statement .
For information regarding the data that Vehicle Health Report and SYNC Services ( where equipped ) collect from you to provide you with these services , see Terms and Conditions .
Information About Our Organization and Website
This site also contains certain micro-sites which may be administered by a third-party on behalf of Ford such as warriorsinpink.com
The business purpose of this website is to provide visitors : ( 1 ) with knowledge of the features and benefits of the complete line of cars , crossovers , SUVs and trucks ; ( 2 ) with purchasing-related information such as available incentives , services , product inventory and dealership contacts ; ( 3 ) the ability to save and share certain content that is of interest to you such as your favorite vehicles , technologies , and photos and videos ; ( 4 ) SYNC product information , including SYNC software and support documentation , and the ability to manage your SYNC and Vehicle Health Report accounts including setting various preferences ; ( 5 ) the opportunity to enter sweepstakes and purchase items ; and ( 6 ) the opportunity to share your story regarding a Ford Motor Company product .
On certain portions of this website , you may have the opportunity to request information or a contact from your local dealer through various shopping tools .
These shopping tools include Build and Price , Search Dealer Inventory , Incentives and Offers , Request a Local Quote , and Trade-in Value .
When you provide your personal information in those instances , it is collected by FordDirect , an independent company that assists our dealers .
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You :
When you visit ford.com we will not collect any personal information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily .
Personal data includes information that is particular to you such as name , street address , telephone number , e-mail address and credit card number if you make a purchase .
If you opt not to provide us with personal information you can still access our website , however you may be unable to participate in certain promotions , such as sweepstakes , create login credentials in order to use certain functionalities on the site , activate or use a service , have a purchase order fulfilled or receive product information .
Certain pages of this website may allow you to create login credentials by typing in your user name/ID and password and other information , or by using Facebook credentials in order to utilize certain functionalities .
If you choose to create login credentials using your Facebook account where you allow us to access your Facebook information that is publicly available or that you have made publicly available ( e.g. , name , user ID , profile picture ) , and information you Allow the website to access .
Ford Motor Company does not own or operate the Facebook platform .
If you click Allow , the website will have access to the aforementioned information , but will collect and store only your Facebook name , Facebook user ID , and your email address .
The Save and Share functionality provides you the opportunity to save certain content two ways .
You can save it anonymously ( in that instance , content will be associated with your computer by placing a session or persistent cookie on it ) , or by using one of the available social media authentication methods such as Facebook , Google+ and Yahoo .
By authenticating through one of the social media options , you allow us to receive your personal and other information that is accessible .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy and any terms and conditions for the method you choose to utilize for authentication .
VEHICLE HEALTH REPORT PRIVACY NOTICE ( if equipped , U.S. only ) : When you run a Vehicle Health Report , Ford Motor Company may collect your cell phone number ( to process your report request ) and diagnostic information about your vehicle .
Certain versions or updates to Vehicle Health Report may also collect additional vehicle information .
Ford may use the vehicle information it collects , as well as information regarding individual access to Vehicle Health Reports on this site.com , for any purpose .
If you do not want to disclose your cell phone number or vehicle information , do not run the feature or set up your Vehicle Health Report profile on this site .
Refer to the Vehicle Health Report Terms and Conditions for more information .
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you when you visit ford.com is to provide you the functionality and services that you need to have a meaningful and customized experience while using the site features .
We need to collect personal information in order to fulfill a site user request such as mailing a brochure , lead generation , sending marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information , and fulfill purchases or sweepstakes entries .
You may be able to post things , such as reviews or stories , to this site .
In doing so , your name may also be posted .
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personally identifiable information or other sensitive data through a chat room , message board , or other public online forums , this information may be collected and used by others .
If you are linked to this site upon requesting information by text message and you later reply STOP , you agree to receive a confirmation text message to your STOP .
Email addresses collected at the point of the Tell-a-Friend email tools will be used solely for the purpose of forwarding to your intended recipient .
See Section 12 regarding links to third-party sites , including widgets .
This site may use session and persistent cookies to collect personally identifiable information in order to verify login credentials , and it may use a third party to deliver site functionality .
An explanation for each of these items and how they work is included in Section 7 Methods to Collect Information .
How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect :
Personally identifiable information collected on ford.com may be used to :
Fulfill a site user request ( e.g. , brochure fulfillment , lead generation , send marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information , sweepstakes entries , save or share content )
Fulfill and deliver an order for goods or services such as , if equipped , a Vehicle Health Report , SYNC Services , or software downloads
Respond to your comments or requests for information
Meet a request for or to develop new products or services
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products or services
Generate site analytics that improve our site layout , content , product offerings and services
Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database ; for site visitors in the U.S. this data may be used for marketing and other purposes
Match personal data collected here with data about you that we collect through other sources
Comply with legal requirements
Other ( Non-Personally Identifiable ) Information We Collect From Site Visitors :
ford.com collects other information , non-personally identifiable information from site visitors .
This means that we do not track these items on an individual basis that identifies the site visitor , but rather gather and collect this information on an aggregate [ or anonymous ] basis that includes all site visitors .
Non-personal information may include information such as tracking the site pages that are visited , the amount of time spent on our site , clicks , page views , events ( which shopping tools you interacted with ) , and zip code .
If you visit a related mobile site or are directed to this site via a QR Code that you scanned , we collect additional non-personal information which may include the type/model of the mobile device viewing the site and the mobile device 's service provider and operating system .
If your mobile phone has the capability and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on , you can utilize certain locator functionalities on the site which may utilize your GPS data to determine your location in order to fulfill your request .
Our primary goal in collecting aggregate information from you is to be able to perform site metrics that allow us to improve the functionality of the website .
We need to collect aggregate information in order to track page visits and peak site usage time , and to perform site clickthrough analysis and site layout re-design .
We may use session and persistent cookies , session logs , spot light ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags , banner ads or links , third party networks that serve user-requested emails ( e.g. , a third party email service provider for Tell-a-Friend user-customized emails ) , and third-party click tracking analytics tools ( such as DART , Omniture tags , DoubleClick , Efficient Frontier , and Google Analytics ) to collect aggregate or other non-personally identifiable information about site visitors .
An explanation for each of these items and how they work is included in Section 7 - Methods to Collect Information .
How We Use the Aggregate or Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect :
Non-Personally identifiable information collected on ford.com may be used to :
Compile aggregate and statistical data to help in website design and to identify popular features
Measure site activity to allow us to update our site to better meet user wants and needs
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Ford.com utilizes non-personal data for the purpose of performing analytics on the users ' experience while visiting this site .
Is performed on an aggregate level and does not identify you or your information personally
May involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of ford.com
Is performed in order to improve our website and the user experience
May include the use of session and/or persistent cookies to track user movement across this and other Ford Motor Company websites or to track other events within or across this and other Ford Motor Company websites
Third-party vendors with which Ford has entered into contracts to perform site analytics and which are provided aggregate information covered by this privacy statement are to use that information only to perform those services , and they may not share or resell this information
Methods to Collect Information and Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising :
A cookie is a small text file that helps us in many ways to make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful to you .
For example , cookies avoid you having to log in every time you come back to one of our websites .
They also allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences .
There are a couple different types of cookies .
A session cookie is stored only in your computer 's working memory ( RAM ) and only lasts for your browsing session .
When you close all your browser 's windows , or when you shut down your computer , the session cookie disappears forever .
A persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive until a specified date , which could be tomorrow , next week , or 10 years from now .
Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either a ) they expire , b ) they are overwritten with newer cookies , or c ) you manually remove them .
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies , however , this may prevent you from having access to some site functions or features .
This site may use a third party to activate and/or deliver a service , or deliver site functionality such as fulfilling your request to purchase a product or service , including items from our online store .
In performing this function the third party may place a persistent cookie on your computer or have to gather personal information from you in order to activate and deliver the service , or facilitate the processing of your purchase .
This site may use a third-party click tracking analytics tool ( such as DART , Omniture tags , DoubleClick , Efficient Frontier and Google Analytics ) to capture clickthrough statistics .
ford.com may use spotlight ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags which are site instrumentation tools that help us to determine , for instance , whether a page has been viewed or not and , if so , how many times .
Emails or electronic newsletters we send may use tools ( e.g. , pixel tags or web beacons ) to gather email metrics and information to improve the reader 's experience such as how many of the emails are opened , if they were printed or forwarded , the type of device ( e.g. , mobile or PC ) from which they were opened , and the city , state , and county associated with the applicable IP address .
In general , any electronic image viewed as part of a webpage , including an ad banner , can act as a web beacon .
When you visit our website the server housing the pages automatically generates a session log .
We use session logs to help us determine how people travel through our site .
In this way , we can structure our pages so that the information most frequently visited is easier to find .
By tracking page visits , we can also determine if the information we 're providing is being used .
The only data gathered is the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address from which you came ( which contains no personal information ) , the website that referred you , the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits .
If you visit this site with an open ID , you may integrate with third-party social media sites , and ford.com may track on an aggregate level the number of visits to this site with an open ID , the number of items liked on this site , or items on this site that you choose to share with a third-party social media site .
Users may be directed to ford.com via banner ads , site links or QR Codes .
Ads , site links or QR Codes may use tools such as cookies or web beacons to deliver metrics on the effectiveness of the ads or links .
They do not collect personal information from the user .
Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising .
On some pages of our site we may allow third-party advertising partners to set web tracking tools ( e.g. , cookies and web beacons ) to collect anonymous , non-personally identifiable information regarding your activities on those pages ( e.g. , your IP address , page ( s ) visited , time of day ) .
We may also share such information we have collected with third-party advertising partners .
These advertising partners may use this information ( and similar information collected from other websites ) for purposes of delivering future targeted advertisements to you when you visit other ( non-Ford ) sites within their networks .
This practice is commonly referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising .
Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page .
Opting out ( site pages ) .
If you do not want your browsing while on such pages to be used for interest-based advertising purposes , you may click on the AdChoices link to opt-out of such uses by the listed advertising partner ( s ) .
Even if you opt-out through this service , we may still collect non-personally identifiable information regarding your site activities and use it for non-interest-based advertising purposes as described in this privacy statement .
Opting out ( advertisements ) .
Advertisements on third-party sites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this privacy statement may have been directed to you based on anonymous , non-personally identifiable information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites .
These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners ' use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes .
Even if you opt-out through this service , we may still collect and use information from the advertisements for non-interest based advertising purposes , such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements .
Opt-out Compliance Service .
When you opt-out on site pages or through such advertisements , Evidon conveys your opt-out election ( s ) to the applicable advertising partner ( s ) , which then know to place a cookie on your specific computer and browser ( and only the specific computer and browser from which you opt out ) indicating that you have opted out..
If you clear your browser cookies and wish to remain opted out of interest-based advertising , you must opt-out again .
The list of our advertising partners may be updated from time to time .
ford.com does not share , sell , or rent personally identifiable information with independent companies for their own use without providing you a choice .
If you create account credentials , you may be provided the opportunity to use the same account identification ( email address ) for one or more Ford Motor Company or its affiliates ' websites ( including SYNC ) or you may choose to create a new account .
To facilitate this for you , when you provide your email address to us on registration on certain portions of this website , we may check whether there is already an existing account with this email address and advise you .
When you register with another Ford Motor Company or affiliate website , we share with such website whether an account exists for the email address you have entered so that you can be advised whether you may use an existing account .
Personal information that you provide to us in the course of requesting a product or service through this website may be gathered and stored in one or more of our corporate databases .
For site visitors in the U.S. personal information may be used for purposes of contacting you for things like promotional offers , marketing programs , or other communications from this website or other Ford Motor Company programs and services .
We may share personal information that we collect about you with other companies within the Ford Motor Company family of companies or subsidiaries .
Our family of companies is the group of companies related to us by common control or ownership .
We share information within this family as a normal part of conducting business and offering products and services to our customers .
Personal information that you provide to ford.com , except for mobile numbers provided when requesting text messages and mobile alerts , may be shared with our authorized Ford dealers .
This is necessary in order to honor your request , such as , if you choose to set up an online service appointment through Vehicle Health Report ( if equipped , U.S. only ) , for a price quote on a vehicle or in order to provide a dealer with information for purposes of contacting you in their regular course of business .
In addition , for VHR account holders , if you choose to set up an online appointment , in most cases your VHR data will automatically be sent to your preferred dealer in your SYNC profile .
The dealer is not restricted by ford.com in their use of your data .
Vendors , contractors or partners of ford.com who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services for ford.com are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for ford.com .
ford.com may share your information with subcontractors .
Subcontractors are restricted from using this data in any other way other than to provide these services to Ford Motor Company and they may not share or resell this data .
Site metrics for ford.com may be shared with other Ford Motor Company websites or subsidiaries or affiliates .
The information shared will be aggregate data and will not include any of your personally identifiable information .
ford.com will disclose your personal information , without notice , only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ford Motor Company or the site ; ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Ford Motor Company and this site ; or , ( c ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ford Motor Company , its web sites , or the public .
Access To and Control Over the Use of Your Information
To correct or update your personal information you may contact us at :
800-232-5952 ( TDD for the hearing impaired )
Available 8:00 am - 5:00 pm local time
Dearborn , MI 48126
You will be asked for name and address so that we may be able to process your changesford.com will use reasonable efforts to correct any factual inaccuracies in your information .
If you have created a SYNC account you can access this information by logging in to your SYNC account .
To correct or update your personal information , you will be asked for your password or the answer to your security question so that we may be able to process your changes .
The scope of access available for this request is for information stored in the database that holds the data for ford.com .
Any personal information that has been collected from you on other Company websites will not be accessible or changeable through the processing of this request .
Security of Your Information
Safeguarding information of visitors to our website is important to us .
We use systems , policies and procedures to maintain accuracy of information and to protect information from loss , misuse or alteration .
When you send personal information , such as name , address and telephone numbers , to ford.com we use Secure Socket Layers or SSL to protect your data .
SSL is encryption technology that helps safeguard your personal information against misuse by unauthorized individuals .
Vendors , contractors or partners of ford.com who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services for ford.com are required to keep the information confidential .
Vendors are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for ford.com .
By visiting this site and by providing your personally identifiable information to us , you understand and consent to the collection , use , processing , transfer , and disclosure of your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information globally -- - including to the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
Therefore , by visiting this site and by providing such information , you consent to the transfer of such information across country borders , and to the use , processing , and disclosure of such information in global locations .
Your consent shall be deemed to include your consent to transfer of the personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information to locations that may have different levels of privacy protection than in your own country .
Links to Other Sites
ford.com provides links to other websites .
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of all sites which you visit , including those whose links are provided so that you can understand how those sites collect , use and share your information .
ford.com is not responsible for the privacy statements , content or data handling practices on other websites .
Parts of this site may provide dealer and vehicle locator services which are provided by a third-party vendor .
In order to provide you with the closest dealers , we may need to collect your IP address to determine your general location , or we may ask you to provide location information such as zip code or City and State .
In instances where we use a third-party vendor to provide dealer locator services , we will provide them a zip code .
If you use available mapping functionality on this website , you agree to be bound by the mapping service 's terms and conditions/privacy policy .
For example , if you use Bing you agree to be bound by the Microsoft Service Agreement and Microsoft Online Privacy Statement .
In addition , if you are on an associated mobile site and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on ( if it has such capability ) , your GPS data may be utilized by the mapping service to determine your location in order to fulfill your request for location services .
If you choose to utilize the ShareThis widget to share content on this website with your friends , please note that ShareThis is an independent third party and is not a vendor , contractor or partner of ford.com .
All information ( personally identifiable or aggregate ) that is collected by the ShareThis widget is collected by ShareThis and is subject to the ShareThis Privacy Policy and not the ford.com Privacy Statement .
ford.com does not knowingly intend to collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
If a child has provided us with personal information , a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at the phone number or mailing address listed in section 14 if they want this information deleted from our records .
We will then make reasonable efforts to delete the child 's information from the database that stores information for ford.com .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns about this online privacy statement for ford.com , ford.com privacy practices , or have any questions regarding the contents of this website please contact us at
800-232-5952 ( TDD for the hearing impaired )
Available 8:00 am - 5:00 pm local time
Dearborn , MI 48126
Available 8:30 am - 8:00 pm local time
Mailing Address Ford Motor Company of Canada , Limited Customer Relationship Center P.O .
Box 2000 Oakville , Ontario L6 J5E4
ford.com is committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any complaints or disputes about privacy and the handling of your data .
ford.com will be happy to respond to your questions and comments .
Privacy Statement Effective Date and Revision Days
Occasionally we may update the privacy statement for ford.com in order to reflect any changes to the website or our privacy practices .
If we make any updates to this statement , including any updates reflecting material changes to our Online Behavioral/Interest-Based Advertising practices , the new statement will be posted to the website ten ( 10 ) days prior to the changes taking effect .
The effective date of this privacy statement is 9/7/2013 .
Privacy Statement Effective January 1 , 2014
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it .
This privacy statement explains our policies and practices regarding online customer information .
It is through this disclosure that we intend to provide you with a level of comfort and confidence in how we collect , use , and safeguard personal and other information we collect or that you provide through this website , and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns .
It is our sincere hope that by explaining our data handling practices we will develop a trusting and long-lasting relationship with you .
By using the site , you agree to the terms of this privacy statement .
For information regarding the data that Vehicle Health Report and SYNC Services ( where equipped ) collect from you to provide you with these services , see Terms and Conditions .
Information About Our Organization and Website and General Data Collection Practices :
This site also contains certain micro-sites which may be administered by a third-party on behalf of Ford such as warriorsinpink.com .
The business purpose of this website is to provide visitors : ( 1 ) with knowledge of the features and benefits of the complete line of cars , crossovers , SUVs and trucks ; ( 2 ) with purchasing-related information such as available incentives , services , product inventory and dealership contacts ; ( 3 ) the ability to save and share certain content that is of interest to you such as your favorite vehicles , technologies , and photos and videos ; ( 4 ) SYNC product information , including SYNC software and support documentation , and the ability to manage your SYNC and Vehicle Health Report accounts including setting various preferences ; ( 5 ) the opportunity to enter sweepstakes and purchase items ; and ( 6 ) the opportunity to share your story regarding a Ford Motor Company product .
On certain portions of this website , you may have the opportunity to request information or a contact from your local dealer through various shopping tools .
These shopping tools include Build and Price , Search Dealer Inventory , Incentives and Offers , Request a Local Quote , and Trade-in Value .
When you provide your personally identifiable information in those instances , it is collected by FordDirect , an independent company that assists our dealers .
When you visit this site , other parties such as third-party advertising partners and analytics providers may collect information about your online activity over time and across websites .
This information may include identifiers that may permit those parties to serve tailored ads to your device .
For more information about third-party advertising partners ' collection and use of such data for interest-based advertising purposes ( and opting out of such use ) , see Interest-Based Online/Behavioral Advertising below .
Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret web browser-based Do Not Track ( DNT ) signals other than cookies , Ford Motor Company does not currently respond to undefined DNT signals to its US websites .
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies , however , this may prevent you from having access to some functions or services on our sites .
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You
When you visit ford.com we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily .
For purposes of this Privacy Statement , personally identifiable information is information that identifies you as an individual , for example your name , street address , telephone number , e-mail address and credit card number .
If you opt not to provide us with personally identifiable information you can still access our website , however you may be unable to participate in certain promotions , such as sweepstakes , create login credentials in order to use certain functionalities on the site , activate or use a service , have a purchase order fulfilled or receive product information .
Certain pages of this website may allow you to create login credentials by typing in your user name/ID and password and other information , or by using Facebook credentials in order to utilize certain functionalities .
If you choose to create login credentials using your Facebook account where you allow us to access your Facebook information that is publicly available or that you have made publicly available ( e.g. , name , user ID , profile picture ) , and information you Allow the website to access .
Ford Motor Company does not own or operate the Facebook platform .
If you click Allow , this website will have access to the aforementioned information , but will collect and store only your Facebook name , Facebook user ID , and your email address .
This site may use session and persistent cookies to collect personally identifiable information in order to verify login credentials , and it may use a third party to deliver site functionality .
An explanation for each of these items and how they work is included in Section 7 Methods to Collect Information .
Some functionality and services we provide you offer the opportunity to save certain content two ways .
You can save it anonymously ( in that instance , content will be associated with your computer by placing a session or persistent cookie on it ) , or by using one of the available social media authentication methods such as Facebook , Google+ and Yahoo .
By authenticating through one of the social media options , you allow us to receive your information that is accessible .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy and any terms and conditions for the method you choose to utilize for authentication .
VEHICLE HEALTH REPORT PRIVACY NOTICE ( if equipped , U.S. only ) : When you run a Vehicle Health Report , Ford Motor Company may collect your cell phone number ( to process your report request ) and diagnostic information about your vehicle .
Certain versions or updates to Vehicle Health Report may also collect additional vehicle information .
Ford may use the vehicle information it collects , as well as information regarding individual access to Vehicle Health Reports on this site.com , for any purpose .
If you do not want to disclose your cell phone number or vehicle information , do not run the feature or set up your Vehicle Health Report profile on this site .
Refer to the Vehicle Health Report Terms and Conditions for more information .
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information from you when you visit ford.com is to provide you the functionality and services that you need to have a meaningful and customized experience while using the site features .
We need to collect personally identifiable information in order to fulfill a site user request such as mailing a brochure , lead generation , sending marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information , and fulfill purchases or sweepstakes entries .
You may be able to post things , such as reviews or stories , to this site .
In doing so , your name may also be posted .
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personally identifiable information or other sensitive data through a chat room , message board , or other public online forums , this information may be collected and used by others .
If you are linked to this site upon requesting information by text message and you later reply STOP , you agree to receive a confirmation text message to your STOP .
Email addresses collected at the point of the Tell-a-Friend email tools will be used solely for the purpose of forwarding to your intended recipient .
See Section 12 regarding links to third-party sites , including widgets .
How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Personally identifiable information collected on ford.com may be used to :
Fulfill a site user request ( e.g. , brochure fulfillment , lead generation , send marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information , sweepstakes entries , save or share content )
Fulfill and deliver an order for goods or services such as , if equipped , a Vehicle Health Report , SYNC Services , or software downloads
Respond to your comments or requests for information
Meet a request for or to develop new products or services
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products or services
Generate site analytics that improve our site layout , content , product offerings and services
Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database ; for site visitors in the U.S. this data may be used for marketing and other purposes
Match personal data collected here with data about you that we collect through other sources
Comply with legal requirements
Other ( Non-Personally Identifiable ) Information We Collect From Site Visitors
ford.com collects other non-personally identifiable information from site visitors .
This means that we do not track these items on an individual basis that identifies the site visitor , but rather gather and collect this information on an aggregate [ or anonymous ] basis that includes all site visitors .
Non-personally identifiable information may include information such as tracking the site pages that are visited , the amount of time spent on our site , clicks , page views , events ( which shopping tools you interacted with ) , and zip code .
If you visit a related mobile site or are directed to this site via a QR Code that you scanned , we collect additional non-personally identifiable information which may include the type/model of the mobile device viewing the site and the mobile device 's service provider and operating system .
If your mobile phone has the capability and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on , you can utilize certain locator functionalities on the site which may utilize your GPS data to determine your location in order to fulfill your request .
Our primary goal in collecting non-personally identifiable information from you is to be able to perform site metrics that allow us to improve the functionality of the website .
We may use session and persistent cookies , session logs , spot light ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags , banner ads or links , third party networks that serve user-requested emails ( e.g. , a third party email service provider for Tell-a-Friend user-customized emails ) , and third-party click tracking analytics tools ( such as Adobe , DoubleClick , Efficient Frontier , and Google Analytics ) to collect aggregate or other non-personally identifiable information about site visitors .
An explanation on collection methods and how they work is included in Section 7 - Methods to Collect Information , below .
How We Use the Aggregate or Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Non-Personally identifiable information collected on ford.com may be used to :
Compile aggregate and statistical data to help in website design and to identify popular features
Measure site activity to allow us to update our site to better meet user wants and needs
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Ford.com utilizes non-personally identifiable information for the purpose of performing analytics on the users ' experience while visiting this site .
Is performed on an aggregate level and does not identify you or your information personally
May involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of ford.com
Is performed in order to improve our website and the user experience
May include the use of session and/or persistent cookies to track user movement across this and other Ford Motor Company websites or to track other events within or across this and other Ford Motor Company websites
Methods to Collect Information and Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising
A cookie is a small text file that helps us in many ways to make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful to you .
For example , cookies avoid you having to log in every time you come back to one of our websites .
They also allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences .
There are a couple different types of cookies .
A session cookie is stored only in your computer 's working memory ( RAM ) and only lasts for your browsing session .
When you close all your browser 's windows , or when you shut down your computer , the session cookie disappears forever .
A persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive until a specified date , which could be tomorrow , next week , or 10 years from now .
Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either a ) they expire , b ) they are overwritten with newer cookies , or c ) you manually remove them .
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies , however , this may prevent you from having access to some site functions or features .
This site may use a third party to activate and/or deliver a service , or deliver site functionality such as fulfilling your request to purchase a product or service , including items from our online store .
In performing this function the third party may place a persistent cookie on your computer or have to gather personal information from you in order to activate and deliver the service , or facilitate the processing of your purchase .
This site may use a third-party click tracking analytics tool ( such as Adobe , and Google Analytics ) to capture clickthrough statistics .
ford.com may use spotlight ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags which are site instrumentation tools that help us to determine , for instance , whether a page has been viewed or not and , if so , how many times .
Emails or electronic newsletters we send may use tools ( e.g. , pixel tags or web beacons ) to gather email metrics and information to improve the reader 's experience such as how many of the emails are opened , if they were printed or forwarded , the type of device ( e.g. , mobile or PC ) from which they were opened , and the city , state , and county associated with the applicable IP address .
In general , any electronic image viewed as part of a webpage , including an ad banner , can act as a web beacon .
When you visit our website the server housing the pages automatically generates a session log .
We use session logs to help us determine how people travel through our site .
In this way , we can structure our pages so that the information most frequently visited is easier to find .
By tracking page visits , we can also determine if the information we 're providing is being used .
The only data gathered is the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address from which you came ( which contains no personal information ) , the website that referred you , the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits .
If you visit this site with an open ID , you may integrate with third-party social media sites , and ford.com may track on an aggregate level the number of visits to this site with an open ID , the number of items liked on this site , or items on this site that you choose to share with a third-party social media site .
Users may be directed to ford.com via banner ads , site links or QR Codes .
Ads , site links or QR Codes may use tools such as cookies or web beacons to deliver metrics on the effectiveness of the ads or links .
They do not collect personally identifiable information from the user .
Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising .
On some pages of our site we may allow third-party advertising partners to set web tracking tools ( e.g. , cookies and web beacons ) to collect anonymous , non-personally identifiable information regarding your activities on those pages ( e.g. , your IP address , page ( s ) visited , time of day ) .
We may also share such information we have collected with third-party advertising partners .
These advertising partners may use this information ( and similar information collected from other websites ) for purposes of delivering future targeted advertisements to you when you visit other ( non-Ford ) sites within their networks .
This practice is commonly referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising .
Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page .
Opting out ( site pages ) .
If you do not want your browsing while on such pages to be used for interest-based advertising purposes , you may click on the AdChoices link to opt-out of such uses by the listed advertising partner ( s ) .
Even if you opt-out through this service , we may still collect non-personally identifiable information regarding your site activities and use it for non-interest-based advertising purposes as described in this privacy statement .
Opting out ( advertisements ) .
Advertisements on third-party sites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this privacy statement may have been directed to you based on anonymous , non-personally identifiable information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites .
These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners ' use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes .
Even if you opt-out through this service , we may still collect and use information from the advertisements for non-interest based advertising purposes , such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements .
Opt-out Compliance Service .
When you opt-out on site pages or through such advertisements , Evidon conveys your opt-out election ( s ) to the applicable advertising partner ( s ) , which then know to place a cookie on your specific computer and browser ( and only the specific computer and browser from which you opt out ) indicating that you have opted out .
If you clear your browser cookies and wish to remain opted out of interest-based advertising , you must opt-out again .
The list of our advertising partners may be updated from time to time .
ford.com does not share , sell , or rent personally identifiable information with independent companies for their own use without providing you a choice .
If you create account credentials , you may be provided the opportunity to use the same account identification ( email address ) for one or more Ford Motor Company or its affiliates ' websites ( including SYNC ) or you may choose to create a new account .
To facilitate this for you , when you provide your email address to us on registration on certain portions of this website , we may check whether there is already an existing account with this email address and advise you .
When you register with another Ford Motor Company or affiliate website , we share with such website whether an account exists for the email address you have entered so that you can be advised whether you may use an existing account .
Personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the course of requesting a product or service through this website may be gathered and stored in one or more of our corporate databases .
For site visitors in the U.S. personally identifiable information may be used for purposes of contacting you for things like promotional offers , marketing programs , or other communications from this website or other Ford Motor Company programs and services .
We may share personally identifiable information that we collect about you with other companies within the Ford Motor Company family of companies or subsidiaries .
Our family of companies is the group of companies related to us by common control or ownership .
We share information within this family as a normal part of conducting business and offering products and services to our customers .
Personally identifiable information that you provide to ford.com , except for mobile numbers provided when requesting text messages and mobile alerts , may be shared with our authorized Ford dealers .
This is necessary in order to honor your request , such as , if you choose to set up an online service appointment through Vehicle Health Report ( if equipped , U.S. only ) , for a price quote on a vehicle or in order to provide a dealer with information for purposes of contacting you in their regular course of business .
In addition , for VHR account holders , if you choose to set up an online appointment , in most cases your VHR data will automatically be sent to your preferred dealer in your SYNC profile .
The dealer is not restricted by ford.com in their use of your data .
Vendors , contractors or partners of ford.com who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for ford.com are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for ford.com .
ford.com may share personally identifiable information with subcontractors .
Subcontractors are restricted from using this data in any other way other than to provide these services to Ford Motor Company and they may not share or resell this data
Site metrics for ford.com may be shared with other Ford Motor Company websites or subsidiaries or affiliates .
The information shared will be aggregate data and will not include any of your personally identifiable information .
ford.com will disclose your personally identifiable information , without notice , only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ford Motor Company or the site ; ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Ford Motor Company and this site ; or , ( c ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ford Motor Company , its web sites , or the public .
Access To and Control Over the Use of Your Information
To correct or update your personal information you may contact us at :
800-232-5952 ( TDD for the hearing impaired )
Available 8:00 am - 5:00 pm EST
Dearborn , MI 48126
You will be asked for name and address so that we may be able to process your changes .
ford.com will use reasonable efforts to correct any factual inaccuracies in your information .
If you have created a SYNC account you can access this information by logging in to your SYNC account .
To correct or update your personally identifiable information , you will be asked for your password or the answer to your security question so that we may be able to process your changes .
The scope of access available for this request is for information stored in the database that holds the data for ford.com .
Any personally identifiable information that has been collected from you on other Company websites will not be accessible or changeable through the processing of this request .
Security of Your Information
Safeguarding information of visitors to our website is important to us .
We use systems , policies and procedures to maintain accuracy of information and to protect information from loss , misuse or alteration .
When you send personally identifiable information , such as name , address and telephone numbers , to ford.com we use Secure Socket Layers or SSL to protect your data .
SSL is encryption technology that helps safeguard your personally identifiable information against misuse by unauthorized individuals .
Vendors , contractors or partners of ford.com who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for ford.com are required to keep the information confidential .
By visiting this site and by providing your personally identifiable information to us , you understand and consent to the collection , use , processing , transfer , and disclosure of your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information globally -- - including to the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
Therefore , by visiting this site and by providing such information , you consent to the transfer of such information across country borders , and to the use , processing , and disclosure of such information in global locations .
Your consent shall be deemed to include your consent to transfer of the personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information to locations that may have different levels of privacy protection than in your own country .
Links to Other Sites
ford.com provides links to other websites .
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of all sites which you visit , including those whose links are provided so that you can understand how those sites collect , use and share your information .
ford.com is not responsible for the privacy statements , content or data handling practices on other websites .
Parts of this site may provide dealer and vehicle locator services which are provided by a third-party vendor .
In order to provide you with the closest dealers , we may need to collect your IP address to determine your general location , or we may ask you to provide location information such as zip code or City and State .
In instances where we use a third-party vendor to provide dealer locator services , we will provide them a zip code .
If you use available mapping functionality on this website , you agree to be bound by the mapping service 's terms and conditions/privacy policy .
For example , if you use Bing you agree to be bound by the Microsoft Service Agreement and Microsoft Online Privacy Statement .
In addition , if you are on an associated mobile site and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on ( if it has such capability ) , your GPS data may be utilized by the mapping service to determine your location in order to fulfill your request for location services .
If you choose to utilize the ShareThis widget to share content on this website with your friends , please note that ShareThis is an independent third party and is not a vendor , contractor or partner of ford.com .
All information ( personally identifiable or aggregate ) that is collected by the ShareThis widget is collected by ShareThis and is subject to the ShareThis Privacy Policy and not the ford.com Privacy Statement .
ford.com does not knowingly intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age .
If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information , a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at the phone number or mailing address listed in section 14 if they want this information deleted from our records .
We will then make reasonable efforts to delete the child 's information from the database that stores information for ford.com .
If you have any questions , comments or concerns about this online privacy statement for ford.com , ford.com privacy practices , or have any questions regarding the contents of this website please contact us at
800-232-5952 ( TDD for the hearing impaired )
Available 8:00 am - 5:00 pm EST
Dearborn , MI 48126
ford.com is committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any complaints or disputes about privacy and the handling of your data .
ford.com will be happy to respond to your questions and comments .
Privacy Statement Effective Date and Revision Days
Occasionally we may update the privacy statement for ford.com in order to reflect any changes to the website or our privacy practices .
If we make any updates to this statement , including any updates reflecting material changes to our Online Behavioral/Interest-Based Advertising practices , the new statement will be posted to the website ten ( 10 ) days prior to the changes taking effect .
The effective date of this privacy statement is January 1 , 2014

FOREIGN POLICY respects our subscribers ' and Web site users ' right to privacy .
Personally identifiable information is collected on our Web site only when voluntarily provided by the user .
This information is used to deliver requested items such as the FP e-Alert newsletter , purchased products , content or Forum access , or magazine subscriptions .
We also use this information to make your experience on ForeignPolicy.com more enjoyable and convenient .
Cookies help track a person 's session while online .
They are used on our site to gather basic tracking information and to monitor the presentation of advertisements .
They are especially necessary when ordering a product online .
Cookies are not related to any personally identifiable information and are not used to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie .
Many browsers are set to accept cookies .
You may prefer to set your browser to refuse cookies .
It is possible , however , that some areas of this site will not function properly , if you do so .
This is especially likely when trying to order a product .
Product , content , and subscription purchases made on ForeignPolicy.com are directed through a secure transaction server to protect your personal and financial information .
Other information collected on our Web site is not personally identifiable and is done so by our Web server in aggregate .
This information allows us to track general patterns , such as browser and platform usage and site traffic .
FP does not rent , sell , or otherwise make available to third parties the personally-identifiable information collected on our Web site ( other than in connection with magazine subscriptions ordered , as explained below ) without your express permission .
Occasionally , FP makes portions of its magazine subscription mailing list available to reputable companies and organizations whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you .
Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and timesaving service .
If you would rather not receive these mailings , please send us a request in writing at one of the addresses below asking us not to release your name to third parties .
Please allow 12 weeks for your request to take effect .
Congers , NY 10920-0283

Effective as of January 15 , 2009
Your Privacy and the Security of Your Personal Information is Very Important to Us
Forever 21 , Inc. , and its U.S. and Canadian retail affiliates , Forever 21 Retail , Inc. and Forever XXI , ULC ( collectively , `` Forever 21 '' ) , value our customers and visitors to our Websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security .
Our Privacy and Security Policy ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion , style and shopping .
This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through our Websites and stores and is not designed to protect business information .
By using our Websites or providing information to us at our stores , you consent to the collection and use of your personal information .
In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy , you should also read our Terms of Use for our Websites .
Your use of our Websites constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions .
Our Privacy Policy Will Change Over Time
Because we continue to develop our Websites and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide , our policies will change over time .
We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices .
If you are a registered user of our Websites , we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us .
Your continued access and use of our Websites will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy .
Summary of Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect , use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support .
This Privacy Policy explains :
What information Forever 21 gathers from users of our Websites .
How Forever 21 uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship .
How Forever 21 uses `` cookies '' and `` IP Addresses . ''
What personal information , if any , Forever 21 may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared .
What kind of security measures Forever 21 takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Forever 21 will inform you in the event of a security breach .
The circumstances under which you can access your personal information you have shared with Forever 21 and have that information corrected , restrict Forever 21 's use of that information , and even have it removed from our records .
The Type of Information our Websites and Stores Collect About You
Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores .
We receive and store information you enter on our Websites , provide to us at our stores , or give to us in any other way .
For example , you may provide information to us when you register with our Websites , sign-in , search , add items to your shopping cart , pay for an item , participate in a survey , contest or promotion , apply for a job , request to receive our marketing materials , or communicate with Forever 21 's customer service .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , phone number , email address , payment card information , and personal shopping and product preferences .
In applying for a job with us , you may provide to us your name , address , phone number , email address , previous work experience , references and other personal information about your background and experience .
We also automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit our Websites .
We might also receive information about you from other sources , such as in providing you special offers that we think will be of interest , and we may add that information to our account information .
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag , which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites .
No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process .
They do not know the name , phone number , address , email address , or any personally identifying information about the user .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider , please click here .
You can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website by clicking here .
How Forever 21 Uses Information About You
We use information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best shopping experience , the most current fashion clothing and accessories , and personal style news .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason .
We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties , or to our affiliates , who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or perform some other activity you have asked us to do .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf .
All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform .
We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law , such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process , or in connection with a merger , acquisition or bankruptcy , as discussed further below .
We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you .
We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how our Websites uses or shares your information .
Forever 21 collects and uses personal information from you in several ways :
Forever 21 or Forever 21 's authorized service providers may observe activities , preferences and transactional data ( such as your IP address , browser type and operating system ) relating to your use of our Websites .
We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service , to facilitate our customers ' use of the website , to track usage of the website , and to address security hazards .
Forever 21 , or one of Forever 21 's authorized service providers , may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our Websites for Forever 21 's internal analysis .
Online Transactions.We collect information about you when you shop on our website .
You may visit our site without registering , but if you wish to add merchandise to your shopping cart , create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site , you will need to provide us with certain information , including your name , address , phone number and email address , to open an account with us .
We will assist you in creating a user id and a password to protect your account information .
Similarly , if you wish to apply online for a job position with us , you will be required to submit relevant information about your background and experience .
We collect information about you when you purchase merchandise in our stores or sign-up in our stores to receive our marketing materials or apply for a job .
Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers ' personal information to authorized employees .
Authorized employees may use our customers ' personal information for Forever 21 business purposes only .
Our employees are bound by Forever 21 policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers ' personal information .
Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information .
For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewall barriers , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , Forever 21 can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps .
Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites .
What are Cookies and How Does our Websites Use Them ?
We may use `` cookies '' to collect or log certain information .
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which it can later retrieve .
We may use cookies for some administrative purposes , for example , to store our customers ' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website .
The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone , email , or any other means .
If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology , they can set their browsers to refuse cookies .
Certain of our services , however , could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies .
Links to Third Party Sites and Websites Containing our Websites Branding
Our Websites may contain links to third party sites .
Please be aware , however , that Forever 21 is not responsible for and can not control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites , as they may differ from ours .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Forever 21 .
Contact Preferences and Accessing Your Personal Information
You have choices when it comes to how Forever 21 uses your personal information .
When you register online with our Websites or sign-up in our stores , you can choose not to receive information about merchandise , services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email .
If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail or email , Forever 21 may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions .
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service .
If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices , please call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( -Toll Free ) and ask to speak to our Privacy Officer .
This Privacy Policy applies to U.S. and Canadian Customers
Our Websites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States and Canadian visitors .
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States and Canada .
Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States and Canada .
Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience .
If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction .
By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data .
Mergers , Acquisitions and Bankruptcy
If Forever 21 should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Forever 21 should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of Forever 21 's business , Forever 21 may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties .
It is Forever 21 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions .
Forever 21 can not , however , guarantee that Forever 21 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Forever 21 is sold or merges with another company .
Our Websites are Not for Use by Children
Children are not eligible to use our Websites .
We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with your parents or guardians .
Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to Forever 21 .
If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Websites , and Forever 21 becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13 , we do not use or disclose such information to third parties .
What else should I know about my privacy ?
You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online .
Forever 21 , Inc .
Forever 21 Retail , Inc .
Forever XXI , ULC
Los Angeles , CA 90031
213-741-5100 ( office )
213-741-8995 ( fax )

Unless explicitly stated otherwise , all content displayed on the forexfactory.com website is copyright Forex Factory , Inc. , 2004-2013 .
All rights reserved .
The copying , republication or redistribution of Forex Factory content , by framing or similar means - including threads , posts , calendar , news , member lists , or any other data found on the website - is explicitly prohibited without prior written consent .
The Forex Factory Economic Database ( FFED ) is protected by US and international database copyright law .
FFED includes all data displayed on the Forex Factory economic calendar , including events listed , event names , impact ratings , descriptions , specs , links , historic data , or any other assembled data .
The copying , republication or redistribution of FFED , in part or in whole , is explicitly prohibited .
FFED is a unique , creative compilation requiring thousands of man-hours to compile .
The data contained in FFED has been painstakingly assembled into a database that is completely unique and easily identifiable .
Additionally , FFED contains several planted marks designed to expose copyright violations .
Trading foreign currencies is a challenging and potentially profitable opportunity for educated and experienced investors .
However , before deciding to participate in the Forex market , you should carefully consider your investment objectives , level of experience and risk appetite .
Most importantly , do not invest money you can not afford to lose .
There is considerable exposure to risk in any foreign exchange transaction .
Any transaction involving currencies involves risks including , but not limited to , the potential for changing political and/or economic conditions that may substantially affect the price or liquidity of a currency .
Moreover , the leveraged nature of FX trading means that any market movement will have an equally proportional effect on your deposited funds .
This may work against you as well as for you .
The possibility exists that you could sustain a total loss of initial margin funds and be required to deposit additional funds to maintain your position .
If you fail to meet any margin call within the time prescribed , your position will be liquidated and you will be responsible for any resulting losses .
Investors may lower their exposure to risk by employing risk-reducing strategies such as 'stop-loss ' or 'limit ' orders .
Forex Factory , and any of its affiliates , will not be held responsible for the reliability or accuracy of the information available on this site .
The content provided is put forward in good faith and believed to be accurate , however , there are no explicit or implicit warranties of accuracy or timeliness made by Forex Factory or its affiliates .
By using the Forex Factory website , the reader ( that 's you ! ) agrees not to hold Forex Factory , or any of its affiliates , liable for decisions that are based on information contained in posts in the forum , economic calendar , preferred broker guide , or information anywhere else on this website .
The reader agrees not to hold Forex Factory , or any of its affiliates , liable for products or services that are bought based on the recommendations found on this website , or for any partnerships or other dealings that may originate on the forum , private messaging , or any other source .
Forex Factory highly recommends that before making a decision , the reader collects several opinions related to the decision and verifies facts from at least three independent sources .
Trading is a risky business and you should therefore never make a decision based solely on the information found on this or any website .
As an interactive computer service , Forex Factory is provided immunity by the United States Congress in Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 from being held responsible for material published to our site by users of our services .
As a user of this site , you will be held solely responsible for the content of any message that you post .
If you post libelous , defamatory , slanderous , or otherwise untruthful remarks about a person or company , you could be putting yourself in legal jeopardy .
Forex Factory respects your privacy .
All information captured on this web site is for internal use by Forex Factory only .
Forex Factory does not sell mailing lists , email lists , or give out any of your personal information in any way .

This website , Formula1.com ( the `` Site '' ) , and all personal information collected from users of this Site , are owned solely by Formula One Management Limited .
In this Privacy Policy references to `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' , are references to Formula One Management Limited .
We take the privacy of all our users seriously
This Privacy Policy outlines how we treat your personal information and forms part of the Terms and Conditions of this Site .
This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site , and not to the collection and use of personal information by any third party via any website to which there are links on this Site .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites , and encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site , and to read all applicable terms , conditions and privacy policies when using other websites .
Your use of this Site signifies your consent to our collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
What information do we collect
You may access this Site 's home page and browse the Site without disclosing any personal data .
In order to provide you with a range of services , however , we may collect personal information from this Site , from written information sent to us and from other communications .
We may for example , keep a record of your name , mailing address , email address , telephone number , gender and preferences .
How do we use your information
Any personal data relating to you will be used and recorded by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy .
We may use your personal information to communicate with you , such as to let you know about new features or offerings on Formula1.com , for record keeping purposes , and in aggregate ( and therefore anonymously ) for market research purposes , to track activity on our site , to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content and for any other purpose that we may notify to you and the relevant data protection authority from time to time .
We may operate a mailing list to send you FORMULA ONE ( tm ) related news .
This mailing list currently operates as an 'opt in ' mailing list whereby subscribers add themselves to the list .
We only send emails to addresses which have been subscribed to the list .
We do not 'spam ' .
We currently do not share , license or sell these e-mail addresses .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to anyone who may take over the running of the Site or who may purchase any or all of our assets including your personal information .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to any law enforcement agency requesting it in connection with the commission of any offence , once we are reasonably satisfied as to the circumstances surrounding the request .
We also reserve the right to access and disclose your personal information in order to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly or to protect our users and ourselves .
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , trade or license your personal information to others without your express consent .
We take every precaution to protect your personal information .
In addition , we have strict security protocols in place to protect our customer database from unauthorised access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorised modification , and unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
We only allow access to the customer database when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of such details .
We may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you .
We always aim to improve the services we offer .
As a result we may occasionally canvass our customers using surveys .
Participation in surveys is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us .
Should you choose to do so , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information .
Your participation on our Site may mean that we occasionally contact you with the opportunity to enter competitions .
Entry to competitions is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to take up an invitation from us to enter .
Should you choose to enter a competition , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information .
What do cookies do
Cookies are small , harmless files of letters and numbers that are placed on the hard drive of your computer , smartphone or other device , or in your browser memory if you agree .
We use cookies to make our website faster and easier to use and to generally improve your user experience .
For example , we use cookies to remember your preference settings for some of our online services or to remember what you have added to your shopping basket if you visit The F1 Store .
Other cookies help us understand how visitors use our website , for example the pages they visit and the links they click on , or tell us which advertisements bring visitors to our website .
What our cookies do n't do is store any personal or confidential information about you .
By continuing to browse our site , you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy .
Yes , cookies are harmless text files .
They ca n't look into your computer or device or read any personal information or other material on your hard drive .
Cookies ca n't carry viruses or install anything harmful on your computer .
Why should I keep cookies switched on
We recommend that you to keep cookies active during your visits to our website because parts of the site rely on them to work properly .
If you disable cookies , you will still be able to browse the site , but certain parts of our website may not function correctly and key features may not be available .
How can I manage cookies
You can restrict , block or delete cookies from Formula1.com at any time by changing the cookie preferences in your web browser settings .
As each browser is different , please use your browser 's help function or your phone or device 's manual to find out how to customise your cookie settings .
Cookies used on Formula1.com
Like many websites , Formula1.com uses both first and third party cookies , which maybe 'session ' or 'persistent ' cookies .
Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser .
Persistent cookies , on the other hand , last beyond your browsing session and remain on your computer or device until their set expiry date unless they are deleted .
All the cookies on this site are listed below and categorized according to whether they are first or third party .
These are cookies that are set by our website and are used to monitor how visitors find and use our website .
We record such activity in aggregate and use this information solely for the purposes of understanding overall visitor behaviour and for monitoring and making improvements to our website .
Many of the first party cookies we use are session cookies .
No personally-identifiable data is collected these simply enable us to track your session from page to page and keep you signed in whilst you use our website using a unique ID .
Without these cookies these functions would not work .
Other first party cookies we use are persistent cookies and help us remember you as a user each time you use the same computer or device to revisit our site .
We also use persistent cookies to track how popular our site is and to record visitor trends over time .
As with our first party session cookies , no personally-identifiable or sensitive data is collected .
Consent Preference Cookies ( TBA ) : When you arrive at this site for the first time , you will see a banner at the top of web page alerting you to our use of cookies .
The cookie SkipCookieLegislation remembers your cookie preference and lasts beyond your current session .
This cookie does not store any personal information , only the word `` True '' or False .
Omniture SiteCatalyst Cookies : These use a mix of first and third party cookies and have the below functions .
No personal or sensitive information is collected .
sc_ev : used to collect information about how visitors use the site .
These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed .
cmp_cookie : used to collect information about how visitors use the site .
These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed .
s_vi [ ID ] : is a persistent cookie which stores unique visitor ID and a time/date stamp .
This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor and is served by 207.net .
s_lv : This cookie tracks the number of days between visits for a user visiting the site .
s_lv_s : This cookie is used by an Omniture plugin to capture the days since a user last visited the site .
s_cc : This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled .
s_sq : This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when some Omniture functionality is enabled ( normally ClickMap ) .
It contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user .
Session IDs : Our web server may create session cookies which are essential for your use of some of the interactive elements of the website , such as contact forms and logging in .
The cookie contains a session ID which is a mechanism for distinguishing your visit to our website from any other visitors that may be using the website at the same time and expires when you leave our website .
Analytics Cookies : We use Google Analytics to collect information about and analyse how visitors use our website .
Google Analytics creates a number of first party cookies , all prefixed __utm , as follows :
__utma : contains a unique and anonymous identifying ID , which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same ( unique ) visitor .
This cookie expires after two years .
__utmb : used to establish and continue a unique user session .
Each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30minutes .
__utmc : works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a website visitor .
This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser .
__utmz : tracks how you found us and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within the website .
It is updated with every new page view and expires after 6 months .
You may also sometimes find a __utmv cookie which relates to custom reporting segments , a feature which is occasionally used on Google Analytics .
The information collected is completely anonymous and may expire after the current session or last longer .
We do not allow external organisations to access , use or share any of this information .
Content Management and Site Navigation Cookies : Our content management tool creates a number of first party cookies .
These are session cookies which are deleted when you close your browser .
We use the data that is collected using these cookies to report , in aggregate , how our visitors find and use our website .
This allows us to understand overall visitor behaviour and update and improve our website .
All data is aggregated and can not be used to personally identify you .
Mobile Cookies ( eflag ) : This is cookie that remembers your choice of the mobile or desktop site .
The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected .
Ident ( IDENT , SkipIdent ) : These cookies are used by the homepage to remember whether y you have elected to always skip the site 's intro sequence .
F1 Store Cookies : These cookies identify users and retain information surrounding preferences , login , baskets etc .
These are functional cookies .
Persistent_id_ [ ID ]
Session_ [ ID ]
As well as using cookies from our advertising partners , from time to time we may embed external content from third party websites within our website , such as plug-ins from Facebook and Twitter .
We use these cookies , which maybe session or persistent , as marketing tools for our own business and to provide convenience tools for our visitors .
As this content is created by an external service , we have no direct control over the setting or management of these cookies .
If you would like to change your third party cookie preferences , please check the third party websites for information on how to manage them .
Cloudflare Cookies ( _cfduid ) : This cookie is used as part of a service which helps improve your user experience by optimising page load times globally .
The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected .
Other cookies that may be used
Flash Local Shared Object ( LSO ) or Flash Cookies : We rarely use Flash technology on our website , however , occasionally , we use Adobe Flash technology , which uses Flash Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies , to display certain content as set out below .
Please note that these cookies can not be controlled through your web browser .
Video Cookies : We may periodically use video services to host video content , and embed content in our web pages to allow you to watch the video without leaving our website .
We use a variety of providers , but examples include :
- YouTube 's embedded player : this currently creates & updates a Flash LSO called s.ytimg.com .
We have no direct control over YouTube 's use of the data stored in this object .
For more information , please read YouTube 's privacy policy .
- Corus Video Player : Corus supply a similar service to YouTube .
For more information , please view the Corus privacy policy
We occasionally trial other services , which may create cookies on your computer or device .
If we do so , these trials will be listed here .
Further information about cookies
We hope that you will enjoy using this Site and the services we offer .
However , you may request that your personal information is not used in the ways outlined above .
This is called unsubscribing , and may be achieved by any of the following methods :
Sign in and visit the Edit details page , untick the relevant check box ( es ) and save your details .
Correcting and Updating Personal Information
Site and Service Updates
We may send you Site and service announcements or updates .
You can not unsubscribe from service announcements , as they will contain important information about the services provided on the Site .
We may occasionally modify our Privacy Policy , and when this happens , we will notify you via our homepage .

Type of Information Collected
How Your Information is Used
Protecting Your Personal Information
This Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time ( the Policy ) , governs Fotolia 's collection and use of your personal information .
By using the Website you consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy .
This Policy is governed by the laws of the State of New York irrespective of your location .
If you have questions related to our Policy , please contact the applicable Zone Manager , listed below .
Your Zone Manager is dependent on the zone in which you are registered .
41 East 11th Street ,
New York , NY 10003
This Website is intended for adults .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please ask your parent or legal guardian for permission before you enter Fotolia 's Website .
NOTICE TO CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 AND THEIR PARENTS OR GUARDIANS :
FOTOLIA DOES NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 .
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13 , YOU MUST NOT USE THIS WEBSITE .
PLEASE DO NOT SEND FOTOLIA ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING YOUR EMAIL , NAME AND/OR CONTACT INFORMATION .
IF YOU WANT TO CONTACT FOTOLIA , YOU MAY ONLY DO SO THROUGH YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN .
Type of Information Collected
When you visit this Website , we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and operating system .
This type of information does not identify you personally .
When you register with Fotolia , we may also collect the personal information that you submit such as your name , address , email address , credit card numbers , and country of origin ( Registration Information ) .
For contributors ( as identified on our Website ) , Registration Information may include verification of your identity with a government issued ID .
Additionally , we may collect certain information from our contributors for tax purposes .
We may also collect non-Registration Information from our users , including the number of uploads and downloads on the Website , profile changes , content changes , and forum activity .
Fotolia uses an outside third party credit card processing company to bill you for your purchases or compensate you for your uploads , which may in some instances include the storage of your personal information by the third party , such as your credit card number .
Additionally , Fotolia may track copyright infringement claims through its membership management module .
Information related to copyright infringement claims may be stored by Fotolia .
When you visit our Website , you may search and review certain information without disclosing your identity .
We may use cookies to manage a visitor 's session and to enable registered users to utilize the remember me function .
Cookies may be used irrespective of whether you register with us or not .
Cookies are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer .
The type of information a cookie collects includes the date and time you visited , your browsing history , your preferences , and your username .
In some instances , our third party service providers may use cookies on our Website .
We can not control or access cookies used by third party service providers .
This Policy covers only cookies used by Fotolia , and not any cookies used by third parties .
You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer .
Typically , you can configure your browser to not to accept cookies , however , declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Fotolia Website .
For example , you may have difficulty logging in or using certain interactive features of our Website , such as our member-only areas , payment features , and Fotolia Forum .
You should be able to experience the basic functions on Fotolia 's Website , even if you decline the use of cookies .
Fotolia uses third party service providers such as PayPal and Bibit to process purchases made on our Website .
In addition , our Website may occasionally contain links to other sites .
If you click on these links , you leave the Fotolia Website and we are not responsible for the content or the security of your personal information when using the other site .
These sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information .
They may collect information such as your name , mailing address , IP address , browser specifications , and credit card number .
This Policy does not govern personal information provided to , stored on , or used by third party sites .
We recommend that when you enter a third party site , you review the third party 's privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information .
How Your Information is Used
Fotolia may use your personal information to :
Verify a user 's identity for security purposes
Create and manage your membership account
Display services or offers that may be of interest to you .
Monitor our users ' uploads , downloads , changes in profiles , and forum participation .
If you are a contributor , to compensate you and prepare your tax forms .
To communicate with you about your transactions , new products and services
To run our interactive features such as the Blog or Forum .
We may also convert your information into anonymous data in order to help us monitor traffic on our Website .
For example , we may also use the personal information disclosed to us to assist you with technical difficulties you may experience while using our Website .
We may share your personal information and the demographic information we have collected with our third party service providers .
Protecting Your Personal Information
As a valued customer , we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you .
For this reason , Fotolia is committed to protecting your personal information in several ways .
Our servers are only accessible to a select number of authorized personnel .
Your Registration Information is protected by a unique customer password and user ID , and your password is encrypted .
You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer .
We also use secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) for specific types of information , such as your login and payment information .
Lastly , when you register with Fotolia , we allow you to utilize an alias so that your user ID can not be seen by other users of Fotolia .
We may retain your personal information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective .
Additionally , the personal information collected by Fotolia may be stored and processed in a country other than your home country .
By providing us with your personal information and using the Fotolia Website , you are consenting to any such transfer of information outside of your home country .
We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information .
However , as with most electronic transactions , no method is 100 % safe .
While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its security .
Therefore , Fotolia assumes no liability regarding the theft , loss , alteration or misuse of personal or other information , including without limitation such information that we have provided to third parties , or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the privacy policy or agreement between Fotolia and a third party .
As a registered user of Fotolia , you may participate in Fotolia 's Blog or Forum .
Information posted to Fotolia 's Forum is only available for viewing by other members registered in the same Fotolia zone .
Blog postings are visible to any guest of our Website .
We strongly discourage posting any information that you do not want others to see on these features .
In addition to whatever comments you post to the Blog or Forum , we will post the alias you selected when completing our comment form .
Messages posted to the Blog or Forum may be retained so long as the Fotolia Website is operational .
You may review and change the information you provide to us by going to the My Profile section of the Website .
You may opt out of receiving our newsletters when you register with Fotolia .
By opting out , you will no longer receive certain special offers or promotions .
We may continue to send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications , including but not limited to service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of Fotolia 's policies ( Required Notices ) .
For example , we may send you a notice regarding server problems or scheduled Website maintenance .
In order to opt-out of receiving Required Notices , you may need to deactivate your account .
On rare occasions , Fotolia may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements .
In such instances , we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with Fotolia 's legal obligations , including , but not limited to , complying with court orders , warrants , subpoenas , service of process requirements , or discovery requests .
We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time , and at our sole discretion .
You should make note of the last updated date at the beginning of this Policy .
With this information , you should be able to identify if the Policy has been updated recently .
Please note that if you have limited your account preferences , we will not change your preferences without your consent .
If substantially all of Fotolia 's assets are sold or merged with another company , Fotolia will notify you of the transaction .
The acquiring company will be given access to your personal information without your consent .
If Fotolia sells only a part of its business , the acquiring entity will have access to your personal information without your consent and Fotolia may send you a notice regarding this sale .
Any disputes regarding your privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and Fotolia 's Terms and Conditions , including but not limited to any provisions related to indemnification , limitations on damages , and choice of law .

Effective as of July 1 , 2013
User Access and Control
Fox News Network , LLC ( `` Fox News '' or `` we '' ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( `` apps '' ) , and widgets ( collectively , the `` Fox News Services '' ) .
By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service .
This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) .
Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you :
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes .
Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
Information from Social Media .
If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier .
Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service .
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent .
Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services .
Information from Other Sources .
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries .
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties .
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services .
Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service .
As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To contact you .
Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
To share with our Fox News Affiliates .
Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
To share with business partners .
Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices .
To protect the rights of Fox News and others .
There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 .
In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :
Receiving electronic communications from us : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email .
Cancelling your account .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information .
Location of Data .
The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies .
Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at :
Fox News Network , LLC
1211 Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor
New York , NY 10036
Attention : Legal Department

Public limited company governed by the law of France
With registered capital of 23 045 660 euros
Registration number : RCS Nanterre - 501 524 029
Registered Office : 80 , rue Camille Desmoulins
92130 Issy Les Moulineaux
France 24 Head Office : 80 rue Camille Desmoulins , 92130 Issy Les Moulineaux , France
Editor-in-Chief : Marie-Christine Saragosse
42 avenue de Friedland
Tlphone : +33 ( 0 ) 1 70 18 60 00
France 24 terms and conditions
Persons making use of the France 24 website ( `` Users '' and the `` Site '' ) shall automatically be deemed to accept these Conditions of Use .
The term `` Use '' refers without distinction to any consultation , research or download carried out on the Site .
France 24 may amend the Conditions of Use at any time without prior notice in order to adapt them to changes in the Site or to changes in current laws and regulations .
Consequently , Users are advised to refer to them as regularly as possible .
France 24 - All reproduction and representation rights reserved .
The content of the Site belongs to France 24 and is protected by current legislation concerning intellectual property rights and applicable international conventions .
The term `` content '' means all the information present on the Site such as data , text , graphics , images , sounds , videos , logos , symbols and HTML code and which is published by France 24 .
Subject to any limitations provided by laws and regulations in France , any reproduction or representation of the Site , whether in whole or in part , shall be subject to the prior authorization of France 24 .
Such authorization shall be granted at France 24 's sole discretion and no reasons for its decision need be given .
France 24 is a registered trademark , reference to which is authorized .
References to the France 24 trademark on a third party site do not imply any warranty or responsibility on the part of France 24 as to the content of that third party site or the use to which it may be put .
Agence France-Presse ( AFP ) content
Agence France-Presse - All reproduction and representation rights reserved .
Where the words `` AFP '' appear on a page of the Site , that page contains reproduced information which is protected by AFP 's intellectual property rights .
Consequently , none of this information can be reproduced , modified , redistributed , translated or used or re-used commercially without AFP 's prior written agreement .
AFP shall not be liable for any delays , errors or omissions which may occur , or for the consequences of any action taken or transactions entered into on the basis of such information .
Any User may upload items or information to the Site in any form by any electronic means of communication , via the discussion forums or the insertion of data or comments ( `` Contributions '' ) .
France 24 may withdraw or prohibit access to any Contribution which contravenes or risks contravening current laws and regulations .
By uploading their Contributions on their own initiative , Users are deemed :
to confirm that they are authorized to upload such Contributions ;
to authorize France 24 to reproduce and represent such Contributions in whole or in part on electronic communication services published by France 24 throughout the world and for the period of the protection afforded by copyright law , such authorization being granted free of charge and on a non-exclusive basis ;
to confirm that such Contributions comply with all laws and regulations to which the User may be subject ( in terms of intellectual property rights , the right to privacy and human dignity , etc ) ;
to indemnify France 24 in relation to such Contributions against any claims and against all the consequences thereof .
Use of the service
Users undertake to use discretion when consulting the Site or the Contributions of Users , particularly when relying on the appropriateness , utility or completeness of the Content or Contributions .
Users are solely responsible for any personal use made of the Content or of the Contributions .
Statements made and data and information provided to France 24 by Users at the time of registration are communicated at the Users ' sole risk .
In general , Users undertake to refrain from any malicious Use intended to disrupt or harm the Site and/or France 24 or its partners , or the programs of France 24 and its partners .
Stock data provided by France Mdias Monde are communicated at the users ' sole risk , data can only be used for user 's own personal and non-commercial use and may not be used as the basis for a financial instrument .
We encourage web users to enrich the France 24 website by sharing their comments on current news , through viewpoints , additional information , suggestions or comments .
By sharing content on the website , you accept the France 24 community rules .
These rules aim to encourage constructive and respectful participation .
France 24 moderators will remove any comment in contradiction to the community rules .
In writing their messages , users agree to :
No unlawful or objectionable , aggressive or provocative content towards others will be accepted .
Users also agree not to formulate personal attacks .
Not undermine the honour or reputation of a natural person or legal entity .
Abstain from any incitement to discrimination , racial hatred or violence , as well as revisionist , racist and xenophobic comments .
Keep posts relevant to the topic or story you are commenting on .
Respect the legislation concerning intellectual property and person rights .
Respect the privacy of others .
Make sure the text is readable and understandable by all .
Do not use too many abbreviations or SMS language .
Do not overuse capital letters .
A message or phrase written in capital letters may be perceived as aggressive .
No spamming , advertising , promoting products , services , or posting of web links will be accepted .
No flooding will be accepted .
Do not send the same comment or very similar comments more than once .
The Content of the Site is provided as is without any warranty of any kind whether express or implied other than as provided by current law , and in particular without any warranty that the Content meets the needs of the User or that the Content is up to date .
Although France 24 makes every effort to provide reliable content on its Site , it does not warrant that the Site is free of inaccuracies , typographical errors , omissions and/or viruses .
France 24 reserves the right at any time and without prior notice to make improvements and/or amendments to the Content of the Site .
Hypertext Links to Third Party Sites
France 24 does not have any control over the content of third party sites .
The existence of a hypertext link between the Site and a third party site does not mean that France 24 gives any warranty or assumes any liability as to the content of the third party site or as to the use that may be made of it .
France 24 may need to gather personal information .
France 24 uses the term personal information to mean any information disclosed by Users as natural persons of whatever nature , such as their names , forenames , addresses , e-mail and passwords , and which enables them to be identified directly or otherwise , whether such information is provided voluntarily by Users or collected in the context of browsing the Site .
Personal information gathered about Users is intended for use by France 24 .
Such information may be copied , used and/or stored , and may not be disclosed to third parties save as required by law or by any judicial authority .
All Users may exercise their right to access , rectify and delete data concerning them by writing to :
France Mdias Monde - France 24
80 , Camille Desmoulins
92130 Issy les Moulineaux
Any User that is a natural person and a minor must confirm and acknowledge that he/she has been authorized to use the Site by his/her parent ( s ) or guardian ( s ) , and such parent ( s ) or guardian ( s ) agree to guarantee that when the minor concerned uses the Site , he/she complies with all the provisions of the Conditions of Use .
For this reason , the parent ( s ) or guardian ( s ) of minors are asked to supervise the Use of the Site made by such minors , and to bear in mind that the Site is intended for a wide audience and that in their capacity as legal guardian ( s ) it is their responsibility to decide whether the Web is or is not appropriate for such minors and to supervise their use of it .
For more information about parental control for the protection of minors , France 24 recommends that parents or guardians contact their internet service provider and consult the following website : Minors safety on the Internet .
What is a cookie ?
When a user enters a site , the site can automatically send a cookie to the user 's computer .
These are small files containing text which enable a server to recognize a computer and thus to know whether the computer ( and probably the user ) has already visited the site .
If the computer reconnects to the site , the site will look for and use any cookies that have been left on that computer 's hard disk .
The cookies themselves do not enable a user to be identified , but only the computer used by that user .
Cookies merely record the parts of the site that the computer in question has visited , and the amount of time spent there .
Users can decline to accept cookies by configuring their browser in the way described below ; however , if cookies are refused , it will be impossible for the user to use certain personalized services , and such refusal may slow down or prevent access to certain parts of the Site .
Applicable law - Independence of Clauses
These Conditions of Use will be subject to and interpreted in accordance with French law .
Any dispute which can not be resolved by agreement will be referred to the courts of Nanterre .
In the event that any of the provisions of the Conditions of Use is held to be null or void , the remaining provisions will automatically be deemed to apply .
Failure by France 24 to apply , or to claim the application of , any of the provisions of the Conditions of Use or of any right of any kind shall not in any circumstances be interpreted as a waiver of that provision or that right on the part of France 24 , unless France 24 agrees otherwise in writ

Freelancer has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Freelancer site .
By using the Freelancer site and accepting the User Agreement you also agree to this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , you must not use the Freelancer site .
The terms `` We , '' `` Us , '' `` Our , '' or `` Freelancer '' includes Freelancer International Pty Ltd and our affiliates .
What information do we collect
Freelancer collects your information when you register on the Freelancer site and when you visit Freelancer pages .
Personal Information : We may collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use and access to the Freelancer site , services and tools , and for any additional purposes set out in this Privacy Policy :
Name , and contact information , such as email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical address , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as bank account numbers ;
transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) , billing and other information you provide to purchase an item ;
personal information you provide to us through correspondence , chats , dispute resolution , or shared by you from other social applications , services or websites ;
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity ) ;
information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including , but not limited to , device ID , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information .
Aggregate Information : Freelancer collects non-identifying , general , generic and aggregate information to better design our Web site and services .
Non-Personal Information : Freelancer may collect non-personal information as you use Freelancer .
When you use the site , Freelancer , third-party service providers ( e.g . Google Analytics ) , and partners may receive and record non-personal information from cookies , server logs , and similar technology from your browser or mobile device , including your IP address .
We may combine some Non-Personal Information with the Personal Information we collect .
Where we do so , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information if the resulting combination may be used to readily identify or locate you in the same manner as Personal Information alone .
How do we store your information
We use hosting provider Amazon Web Services , therefore your information may be transferred to and stored on servers in various locations both in and outside of Australia .
Freelancer maintains control of your information .
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorised access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centres , and information access authorisation controls .
How do we use your Information
When you use the Freelancer site , we may request certain information .
Freelancer does not share any of your personally identifiable or transactional information with any person or entity , other than as set out in this policy .
No other third party receives your personally identifiable information or other transactional data except for those with whom you have transactions and share that information .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site , used to notify consumers about updates to our web site and for communications , such as customer service .
Communications : We may send you a welcome email to verify your account and other transactional emails for operational purposes , such as billing , account management , or system maintenance .
You may only stop those emails by terminating your account .
We may also send you promotions , product announcements , surveys , newsletters , developer updates , product evaluations , and event information or other marketing or commercial e-mails .
You can opt out of receiving these email communications from Freelancer at any time by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe link within each email , updating your e-mail preferences on your Freelancer account or emailing us to have your contact information removed from our email list or registration database .
Marketing : You agree that we may use your personal information to tell you about our services and tools , deliver targeted marketing and promotional offers based on your communication preferences , and customise measure and improve our advertising .
You can unsubscribe from emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link contained in the email .
We do not rent , sell , or share Personal Information about you with other people or non- affiliated companies for marketing purposes ( including direct marketing purposes ) without your permission .
We may use and share Non-Personal Information for our marketing purposes , including , without limitation , marketing on other websites .
For example , we may use the information to control the number of times you have seen an ad , deliver ads tailored to your interests , and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns .
You can prevent us from tailoring our ads to you on other websites by deleting your cookies ( see below ) .
We disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations .
As stated above , we do not disclosure your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may share aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties .
Freelancer uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer and transaction data exchanged with our site .
Cookies are pieces of data assigned by a web server that uniquely identify the browser on your PC .
Freelancer uses cookies called `` persistent '' cookies to enable the site to remember you on subsequent visits , speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions offered .
Cookies also enable our systems to gather information about your navigational patterns through the site .
You have the option to disable cookies at any time through your browsers .
We may also store your website activity in cookies which may be used by third party vendors , including Google , to serve ads based on your behaviour on our website .
The third party vendors ( e.g . Google Analytics ) may receive and record non-personal information from cookies , server logs , and similar technology from your browser or mobile device , including your IP address .
You may opt out of Google 's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page
If you access our Services with your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) or if you otherwise agree to associate your Freelancer account with a social networking account , we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site , in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site .
For example , Facebook may share with us your friend list , birthday , information about the interests of you or your friends or other personal information , in order to help us establish your account , tailor services to you and find other current or potential site users that you know .
We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via other aspects of the Site .
You are also subject to the social networking site 's terms of use and privacy policy .
We use the OAuth ( open authorization ) protocol to enable us to access this information without collecting your password when you agree allow another application to access your account information .
Accessing and updating your Information
You can update your information through your account profile settings .

OFFICIAL FREELOTTO PRIVACY POLICY
Collection and Data Utilization Agreement
Privacy Policy/Terms of Use Agreement
IMPORTANT : The policies below are applicable to FreeLotto and other sites owned and operated by PlasmaNet , Inc .
PlasmaNet , Inc. collects personally identifiable information during sweepstakes registration and this information is used from time to time as you use our website to : pay prize winnings , confirm entries , and selectively show you relevant ads and/or promotions .
We may share your registration information with third parties who may contact you by postal mail with relevant offers .
If you choose to join any of our marketing partners offers , you will be subject to their privacy policy and terms directly .
Your personal information may be shared if required to be disclosed pursuant to an order or warrant issued by a court of competent jurisdiction .
Players ' e-mail addresses and other personal information are kept in secure databases to protect our players ' privacy .
No information should be submitted to or posted at any PlasmaNet websites by guests under 18 years of age .
People under 18 years of age are not allowed to participate in FreeLotto or other sweepstakes offered by PlasmaNet .
If such a person wins , his or her entry is void .
All registrants receive e-mail confirming their registration and subsequent entries in FreeLotto and daily FreeLotto results with information of interest from FreeLotto .
Additionally , from time to time you may receive other sponsored advertising messages from FreeLotto .
You may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on our site .
Each email we send you will include a description of the simple unsubscribe process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail of that type from FreeLotto .
You may unsubscribe from each email type this way .
For example , unsubscribing from a daily FreeLotto results email will result in you no longer receiving the daily FreeLotto results by email .
You may however continue to receive other types of email which you can unsubscribe from in the same fashion .
If you wish to stop receiving e-mail results from PlasmaNet and FreeLotto.com , you can quickly and easily unsubscribe yourself .
To do so open results e-mail , scroll down to the line that reads : `` If you 'd prefer not to receive the results by e-mail , please click below to unsubscribe . ''
If you play FreeLotto subsequent to unsubscribing from all e-mails , you are giving PlasmaNet Inc. definite permission to resubscribe you to all mail types and your subscription to receive email results and other promotions will be automatically reinstated .
This is necessary because of the substantial amount of money you can win .
Your prize notifications are sent via email and it is important to respond to these emails to claim any prizes won .
Furthermore , it is the sponsor that makes FreeLotto prizes possible and in order to play our games you must agree to receive our sponsored messages .
If you wish to no longer receive any email from FreeLotto , you may at any time modify your registration with PlasmaNet by editing your profile on the `` My Account > Unsubscribe '' page of our website .
PlasmaNet collects IP addresses along with web stats and traffic sources , which does not personally identify our users , to administer the site , analyze site usage/trends , and report aggregate information to our advertisers .
This information is also used in your welcome email to confirm that in fact you have registered for FreeLotto and will be used in the event that you dispute registration .
In some cases an IP address is specific to your computer .
In other cases an IP address is randomly assigned with a block of IP addresses which are assigned by your ISP ( internet service provider ) every time you log on .
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your ISP server .
Web servers - the big computers that `` serve '' up Web pages - automatically identify your ISP by its IP address .
When players request pages from PlasmaNet websites , our servers log and record the players ' IP addresses .
Cookies - The PlasmaNet Online Cookies Policy
What are cookies ? Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your registration , passwords , and references while you 're on our site .
The use of cookies is an industry standard - you 'll find them at most major Web sites .
By `` looking '' for a cookie our server can determine whether or not you have already registered to play .
Cookies help our server to know you are playing , so that you do n't need to register each time you play .
Cookies also help us to serve you better .
Through the use of cookies we can better understand what information interests you , providing more of what you like and want from FreeLotto and our advertisers .
Some examples of how we use cookies :
A cookie lets our computers remember that you 've registered , which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites .
Think of it as a membership card .
Similarly , the cookie tracks which of our sponsors you 've visited so that we can continue to introduce you to new and interesting sponsors .
PlasmaNet may use information we collect through cookies for promotional or marketing purposes .
Use of cookies to do the record keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again .
If you decline cookies , you may have difficulty playing your selections and adversely impact your FreeLotto experience .
We make our cookies available on an anonymous basis to other advertisers and Advertising Networks so that they can serve you ads for products you are interested in .
For example , if you expressed interest in buying a new car you may receive ads about cars .
However , we DO NOT include personally identifiable information with the cookies .
What FreeLotto cookies do n't do
We DO NOT use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally provided by you or provided by your browser in a visit to PlasmaNet 's web sites .
We do not use cookies to track other sites that you visit on the Internet .
You may get cookies from our advertisers if you visit their websites .
PlasmaNet and FreeLotto do not control these cookies , and these cookies are not subject to the PlasmaNet cookies policy .
The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard on the Internet .
As mentioned above , we share non-personally identifiable information with third party ad serving partners so they may bring you targeted offers .
This information can be associated with their cookies but will not include personally identifiable information such as your name or address .
You may review our advertisers ' privacy policies when visiting their sites .
Pixel Tracking and Remarketing
Pixel tracking is a common online adverting tool , involving the implementation of an invisible pixel tag on a webpage you visit , that is used among other things to target and/or remarket ads ( through use of anonymous cookies ) , compile website usage stats , and measure the effectiveness of advertisements .
When employed as a targeting or remarketing tool , the information is collected in an anonymous cookie , which is then used by our advertising to display targeted advertisements to select audiences across the web .
For example , if you showed interest in FreeLotto by clicking on our ad in a Google search result , you may be served a FreeLotto advertisement when you visit another website later on .
This is made possible through the use of cookies ; however , the cookies do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name or address .
Some of our business partners ( e.g . analytics companies ) use cookies and tracking pixels on our site .
We have no access to or control over our partners ' use of these technologies .
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using any PlasmaNet Inc. owned and operated websites , you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions , which include the PlasmaNet Privacy Policy , Official Rules of FreeLotto and the Terms of Use .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our websites .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at any time .
Please check this page frequently for changes .
Your continued use of the PlasmaNet sites or your continued acceptance of our results e-mail following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
You have the right to revoke the permission you have granted to us to contact you by email as explained above .
PlasmaNet respects your privacy .

We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We respect each site visitor 's right to personal privacy .
To that end , we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
This statement applies solely to information collected on this website .
For each visitor to our website , our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address .
The information we collect is
used to improve the content of our Web page .
used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site .
never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes .
Registration is not required to enter our site .
However , subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form .
During registration a user must give certain contact information , but we never sell or give away this information .
It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest .
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information ( income level , gender , etc . ) , and unique identifiers ( username , password , etc . ) .
Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site , but is not required .
We publish a newsletter , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email or mailing addresses .
We operate online surveys , and we never sell or share our subscribers ' email addresses .
We do show advertisement to our users , which is handled by Google Adsense , FastClick , CasaleMedia.com & ValueClick.com .
So any such concerns with our advertising , should be directed to them respectedly .
Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement .
We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours .
If problems arise , users may contact via our contact form .
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us via our contact page .
For the amusement and greater good of all the gamers of FreeOnlineGames.com :
We reserve the right to alter , delete , jump on , kick , smackdown , nuke or do with the reviews whatever we please .
If you have any objections with that , please refrain from posting - thank you .

TOPICS : News/Current Events
KEYWORDS : bhonsa ; nsa ; obama ; prism ; privacy ; snowden ; telecom ; verizon
Information Shared Outside the Verizon Family of Companies
Except as explained in this Privacy Policy , in privacy policies for specific services , or in agreements with our customers , Verizon does not sell , license or share information that individually identifies our customers , people using our networks , or website visitors with others outside the Verizon family of companies for non-Verizon purposes without the consent of the person whose information will be shared .
Verizon uses vendors and partners for a variety of business purposes such as to help us offer , provide , repair and bill for services we deliver to you .
We share information with those vendors and partners to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform work on our behalf .
For example , we may provide your credit card information and billing address to our payment processing company solely for the purpose of processing payment for a transaction you have requested .
We require that these vendors and partners protect the customer information we may provide to them and limit their use of Verizon customer data to the purposes for which it was provided .
We do not permit these types of vendors and partners to use this information for their own marketing purposes .
As described in more detail in other sections of this policy , Verizon also may share certain information with outside companies to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns , or preparing and sharing aggregate business and marketing reports .
Verizon provides the names , addresses and telephone numbers of wireline telephone subscribers to directory publishers and directory assistance services unless a non-published or non-listed phone number has been requested .
We may disclose information that individually identifies our customers or identifies customer devices in certain circumstances , such as : to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas , court orders or search warrants , and as otherwise authorized by law ; in cases involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person or other emergencies ; to protect our rights or property , or the safety of our customers or employees ; to protect against fraudulent , malicious , abusive , unauthorized or unlawful use of or subscription to our products and services and to protect our network , services , devices and users from such use ; to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court , administrative proceedings and elsewhere ; to credit bureaus or collection agencies for reporting purposes or to obtain payment for Verizon-billed products and services ; to a third-party that you have authorized to verify your account information ; to outside auditors and regulators ; or with your consent .
1 posted on 6/12/2013 12:40:40 AM by ealgeone
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | View Replies ]
Anybody wonder why they call it The Share Everything Plan ?
2 posted on 6/12/2013 12:47:08 AM by BykrBayb ( Somewhere , my flower is there .
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies ]
Well , in their defense it does appear they were under a ( debatably ) lawful subpoena .
3 posted on 6/12/2013 12:49:47 AM by Buckeye McFrog
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies ]
We may disclose information that individually identifies our customers or identifies customer devices in certain circumstances , such as : to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas , court orders or search warrants , and as otherwise authorized by law
as otherwise authorized by law
Yeah that pretty much covers EVERYTHING ... .
4 posted on 6/12/2013 1:00:34 AM by GraceG
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies ]
my thoughts also .
5 posted on 6/12/2013 1:01:20 AM by ealgeone ( obama , border )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies ]
do n't you wonder if they 're questioning that now ?
6 posted on 6/12/2013 1:01:37 AM by ealgeone ( obama , border )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 2 | View Replies ]
7 posted on 6/12/2013 1:04:05 AM by JoeProBono ( Mille vocibus imago valet ; - { )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies ]
What is missing is who they will not share details with .
As written there are innumerable exceptions .
It would be interesting to hear from a lawyer as to exactly how much privacy they are actually offering .
8 posted on 6/12/2013 1:07:30 AM by bjc
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies ]
9 posted on 6/12/2013 1:41:25 AM by FReepaholic ( Stupidity is not a crime , so you 're free to go . )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 1 | View Replies ]
A couple days ago , I went to some website with a news story about this .
When I clicked on a video there , about Verizon sharing TMI with the government , it started with an ad for The Verizon Share Everything Plan .
Now , would n't you think they would at least pull those ads from news coverage about the illegal sharing of everything ? WTF ?
10 posted on 6/12/2013 2:11:03 AM by BykrBayb ( Somewhere , my flower is there .
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 6 | View Replies ]
11 posted on 6/12/2013 2:12:06 AM by ealgeone ( obama , border )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 10 | View Replies ]
To : Buckeye McFrog
How could they possibly think it was legal ? Has mankind devolved that far already ?
12 posted on 6/12/2013 2:14:24 AM by BykrBayb ( Somewhere , my flower is there .
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 3 | View Replies ]
Yep , authorized .
Not necessarily required .
They promise to share whatever they are legally allowed to share , with whoever they are legally allowed .
Unless they are n't legally allowed , in which case they 'll do it illegally .
13 posted on 6/12/2013 2:21:25 AM by BykrBayb ( Somewhere , my flower is there .
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies ]
Yep , authorized .
Not necessarily required .
They promise to share whatever they are legally allowed to share , with whoever they are legally allowed .
Unless they are n't legally allowed , in which case they 'll do it illegally .
It is just legalese for CYA as in Cover Your Arse
14 posted on 6/12/2013 2:26:36 AM by GraceG
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 13 | View Replies ]
as otherwise authorized by law
Yeah that pretty much covers EVERYTHING ... .
Except you ( and they ) forget that the Constitution is the Supreme Law , and it prohibits warrantless search ( the 4th amendment is explicit that a warrant is needed for any search or seizure ) ; therefore , any 'legal authorization ' other than a warrant `` particularly describing '' what is to be searched is null and void .
15 posted on 6/12/2013 3:30:28 AM by OneWingedShark ( Q : Why am I here ? A : To do Justly , to love mercy , and to walk humbly with my God . )
[ Post Reply | Private Reply | To 4 | View Replies ]
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson

Your privacy is important to us .
Fry 's understands our customers ' concerns regarding the privacy of the information they share with us .
We hold our customers , and the information they share with us , in the highest regard .
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is properly safeguarded and to complying with all applicable federal and state privacy laws .
Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy for a better understanding of the measures that we take to protect you and the information you share with us .
The following Privacy Policy describes information and privacy practices for Fry 's Electronics , Inc .
( `` Fry 's '' ) , Fry 's retail stores and Frys.com .
Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites that are owned and operated by third parties .
This Privacy Policy may not apply to those links or to other sites .
These third party sites have their own privacy policies and practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party sites to learn how they collect , use , share and secure your information .
This Privacy Policy strives to encourage and maintain trust between you and Fry 's .
As part of that trust , this Privacy Policy will tell you about :
What information we collect .
How information is used and protected .
How we may share information .
Choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information .
Future changes to the Privacy Policy .
What information do we collect ?
Fry 's collects information about you to provide the best products and services and to help Fry 's improve your shopping experience both at Fry 's retail stores and online at Frys.com .
Information you give us .
Fry 's collects and may store any information you enter on our website , provide us in our retail stores , or submit to Fry 's in any other way .
For example , we collect information that you provide when you create an Express Account on our website , make an online or in-store purchase from us , send us an e-mail or call us , enter a contest , or participate in a survey .
This information may include :
Your mailing address .
Your e-mail address .
Your phone number .
Your credit card number .
On our website , there is an option to `` Tell a Friend '' about a product or service that we offer .
If you use Frys.com 's `` Tell a Friend '' feature , we will use the e-mail address per your instructions to send your e-mail message to your friend .
We will not use the e-mail address of your friend for any other purpose .
Information from other sources .
Fry 's may receive information about you from other sources .
These other sources may help to improve the quality or personalization of services that we provide to you .
We also receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our website .
Like many websites , we use `` cookies '' to obtain information when your web browser accesses our website .
The purpose of `` cookies '' is to help us recognize you as you use or return to our website so that we can provide a more personalized shopping experience for you .
The `` cookie '' is also used to keep items in your shopping cart between visits .
Please note , however , that you do not need to enable cookies to browse or shop at Frys.com .
Our web server automatically collects clickstream information such as the address ( or URL ) of the website that you came from before visiting our site , which pages you visit on our site , which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you may have entered on our site , among other things .
Our website may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors view .
This anonymous clickstream data provides our customers with a better , more secure shopping experience and helps Fry 's understand how visitors use our website .
We operate cameras in and around Fry 's stores for security and operational purposes .
These cameras are for security , operational and loss prevention purposes and we do not otherwise use these cameras to identify you personally .
How is information used and protected ?
Our goal is to provide our customers with the highest level of service possible .
From your first visit to our website to the delivery of your order , we want you to be completely satisfied with the experience without compromising your privacy .
By collecting information , we are able to offer you features , such as our Express Account ( which saves you time during the order process ) , and a more customized website that better reflects your individual preferences .
Fry 's uses your information to provide requested products and services to you and to support general business operations .
Some examples of such usage includes :
To fulfill and process your orders and communicate with you regarding those orders .
To schedule and perform deliveries or installations .
To service products .
To send marketing communications .
To open and service your Express Account .
To provide high-quality customer service .
To help us improve and customize what we offer to you , our website and our advertising .
To send you information about our products , services and promotions .
To protect the security and integrity of our websites and our business .
To process credit card information .
Fry 's also protects your information from loss , misuse or alteration while it is under Fry 's control .
Protection of your information is a priority at Fry 's .
We have adopted reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control both online and in our stores .
When you enter personal information on our website , the information is protected by a security technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , which encrypts your information during transport across the Internet .
Further , your account information is only accessible with the password you choose when you open an Express Account .
Please maintain the confidentiality of this password in order to ensure the protection of your account information .
How may information be shared ?
Fry 's does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
Fry 's may share your personal information under the following limited circumstances :
We may provide your information to a third party in the process of fulfilling an order for products or services you have placed with us .
For example , we may provide your address to the shipping carrier where you have requested shipment for a purchase .
Fry 's only shares the necessary information to third parties to provide the requested products or services in your order .
If you apply for a Fry 's credit card , your information may be shared with First Electronic Bank to offer the credit card to you .
First Electronic Bank may use the information to provide the credit card and to service and maintain your credit card account .
Legal Requirements and Safety of our Business and Others
Fry 's may share information in other special circumstances .
We may disclose information where we have a good faith belief that disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect you , to comply with legal processes or authorities , to respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Fry 's , its customers , its associates or the public .
Fry 's may share information with carefully selected vendors and business partners who may share offers and opportunities with you based on your interests .
What are your choices regarding information ?
Fry 's wants to communicate with you to inform you of product specials , changes to our website , contests and surveys , or other information we think may be of interest to you .
Similarly , carefully selected vendors or business partners may want to communicate with you to inform you of special offers or opportunities .
Please be sure to include your full name , the types of communication you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information .
Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Fry 's , you may still be contacted for transactional purposes .
Some examples include request for customer service or questions regarding your order .
Updating or Correcting Information
If you have created an Express Account on our website , you may review , update or correct your account information by accessing your Express Account with your password .
How will you be notified of future changes to the Privacy Policy ?
Fry 's may change or add to its Privacy Policy from time to time .
For this reason , we encourage you to review the Privacy Policy periodically .
For your convenience , we will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the Privacy Policy .
Privacy of Children Online
Fry 's is committed to protecting children 's online privacy and fully complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .

This Privacy Statement discloses our policies regarding information we obtain from you and how we limit and protect the uses to which that information is put .
We are committed to building users ' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the principles of disclosure and informed consent .
Accordingly , we wish to notify you about :
What information is collected from you through the FunTrivia.com site .
How that information may be used , including with whom it may be shared .
Choices you have about collection , use and distribution of your information .
How you can access , update or delete your information .
These policies apply only to the Site , which consists solely of those web pages we control .
You should determine what privacy policies apply to other web sites before providing information to them .
If you have questions or concerns regarding these policies , or any other aspect of the Site or your use of it , please contact us by clicking here .
What Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Through your use of the Site , we may obtain various types of basic contact and user information from you such as your IP ( or Internet ) address , your user name , email address , and password .
While we store this information in our database and endeavour to protect that data , we can offer no warranties or guarantees .
Any data you submit to FunTrivia is ultimately submitted at your own risk .
Player user names are displayed all over the site to identify players .
Players should not use personally identifying information in their user names .
We use player email addresses to contact a player if a password is forgotten , send `` daily trivia '' when specifically requested by the player , and to send yearly website updates which can be unsubscribed from .
We also request that a user provide their email address in our feedback section , so that we can respond to their problem .
Private tournaments ask for email addresses so that we can likewise contact players if they forget their passwords , and so that we can send out monthly tournament emails ( which can be unsubscribed from ) .
Finally , FunTrivia Forums require an email for similar contact purposes .
We use player IP addresses to help track down cheating , and to provide us a way to prevent players from accessing the website for abuse , spam , illegal activities , account infractions , etc .
Private tournament administrators have access to player IP addresses .
Finally , we display in the email the IP address of the player who sends an email from a form on our website to external email addresses , to prevent/track spammers .
For example , if someone abuses our `` I have forgotten my password '' form to send unwanted emails to another user , we can use that IP information to determine where the abuse is originating from .
Player city , state , and country is public and appears in user profiles .
It is used to display regional scoreboards and statistics for some of our trivia games .
Players are free to leave this information blank .
Player hobbies and info fields appear in user profiles .
This information is all public and available to search engines .
Players are asked to carefully consider what they write in these sections , for personal security .
The FunTrivia Forums is a separate piece of software , and has its own fields ( most optional ) for information such as home town , etc .
Players should assume that everything except their email address is public information .
FunTrivia does not store important information such as credit card numbers , bank information , or social security numbers on its servers .
All billing is handled , managed , and tracked entirely by 3rd parties such as Paypal.com ( for our gold membership ) , and we do not store that information ourselves .
This information is never offered to 3rd parties , unless required by law .
We obtain information in several ways .
Some is required as part of the registration process .
Additional information is gathered through `` cookies '' , which deposit special codes on your computer .
The administator of a private tournament is able to see the IP addresses of all participants in his/her tournament , so that he can track down cheating and lock-out abusive users within the game .
Players should assume that all information they input to FunTrivia message boards , forums , and chat boards is publicly accessible .
Search engines such as Google regularly pick up content from these boards , so players should assume that their posts will eventually be indexed .
User Fun Trivia Mailboxes
FunTrivia player mailboxes carry no guarantee of privacy and should not be used for sensitive or personal discussions .
Our messaging system was designed and intended for discussions related to quizzes , corrections and non-sensitive discussion .
This privacy warning is reiterated on the `` send message '' screen .
Most volunteer editors have access to user messages in order to handle corrections , quiz notes , etc , and site administrators have access to read / monitor messages for abuse , spam , etc .
Sensitive or personal discussions should be conducted outside of the FunTrivia.com website via email .
Our editors and administors retain the right to delete any message .
Team message boards are publicly accessible .
Participants should not assume any additional level of privacy on these boards .
How We Use Your Information
We generally use your information only to operate the Site and make your experience more efficient , effective and enjoyable .
As a general practice , we do not sell , rent or otherwise give user submitted information to any other party , except in limited circumstances such as compliance with law or with your permission , as noted below .
Thus , we would not sell your name , email address or other personal information to mass marketers .
If FunTrivia is acquired or becomes part of another organization , we retain the right to trasfer all exclusive control over that data to our new operating entity .
Most uses we make of your information are for site administration of your use of the site , such as processing and tracking of orders , diagnosing problems with our server , identification , security and billing .
We may also use this information to contact you for operational purposes , such as tracking of orders , and notifying you of product updates or new products or editions .
We sometimes share aggregated data with some of our partners .
However , none of this information identifies you in any way without your consent .
For example , we may share data that shows that a certain percentage of our users buy a certain product , but there would be no identification of specific users .
Only if you consent , will we share personal , identifiable data about you to third parties .
For example , on particular pages where we ask for personal information , we may explicitly tell you that the data we ask for may by shared with third parties .
There are circumstances where we may need to provide individual information to others .
For example , we may disclose information if we in good faith believe it is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who is violating our Conditions of Use of the Site , breaking the law , causing injury to or interference with others or otherwise violating the rights of others .
We may also disclose information to the extent we believe in good faith it is required by law or for administrative and other purposes we deem necessary to maintain , service and improve our products and service .
In all such circumstances , we will limit what information we disclose to the extent we believe it to be appropriate .
Choices Regarding Collection , Use and Distribution of Information - Opting Out and Corrections
We may send you emails or other promotions our vendors or we offer that we believe may be of special interest to you .
Only FunTrivia ( or our agents who are required to comply with these policies ) will send you these materials .
If you do not wish to receive these materials , you may either modify your account preferences to opt out from such promotions , send an unsubscribe email by the means indicated in the materials or tell us when we collect information from you .
You also have choices concerning cookies .
Your Internet browser allows you to accept all cookies , be notified when a cookie is sent or reject all cookies .
However , if you reject cookies , we may not be able to customize the content we show you or otherwise learn your preferences .
There may also be services that require the use of cookies .
This may negatively affect your Site experience .
In addition , we may place advertising on the Site that originates from outside advertisers or other third parties .
In some cases , if you click on these advertisements , a cookie may be sent to your computer .
We do not control these cookies .
Changes In Policies ; Terms and Conditions
We may change these policies from time to time .
If any such changes materially and adversely affect the use of your information , we will generally refer to such changes on the Site for a period of time , although our failure to do so will not affect the applicability of such changes .
Accordingly , we recommend that you check back to review these policies from time to time , particularly if you have not visited the Site for some time .
These policies are also subject to our Terms of Use , which are incorporated herein by reference , and we also recommend that you review those from time to time .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .

This policy covers the processing of personal data by Future plc and its associated UK group companies ( Future , we or us ) whose registered address is at Beauford Court , 30 Monmouth Street , Bath , BA1 2BW.Future is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience .
We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related laws , we have a legal duty to protect the personal information we collect from you .
If you have any concerns , questions or comments about this privacy policy or the website you can contact us using the contact details in paragraph 12 of this policy .
The types of personal information we collect and how we collect it
Information you provide upon registration : in order to make use of certain services provided through the website such as the forums and email newsletters , you will either need to : ( a ) register an account with us .
When you do so , you will provide us with information about yourself and you will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes ; ( b ) log in using a social media account of your choice .
When you do so , we will be provided with certain information about you from the social media site , as specified when you log in .
You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes .
You can update your marketing preferences at any time by following the instructions to amend your details in the account registration section .
We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy .
Information you provide upon ordering a product or service from us : if you order a product or service from us , you will need to provide certain personal details so that the order can be fulfilled .
In some cases , we will direct you to a third party partner site which will collect this information from you and fulfill your order .
For example , if you order a subscription to one or more of our publications , you may be able to access those products through a digital newsstand such as Google Play or the Apple Newsstand .
If you do , you will need to provide certain information about your subscription to the digital newsstand .
The digital newsstand may need to verify that information with our print subscription fulfillment provider .
The digital newsstand will only use the information that you and our print subscription fulfillment provider provide , to enable them to fulfill your order unless you agree otherwise .
Information you provide upon entering a promotion or competition : if you enter a promotion or competition you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information which will be used in accordance with the terms of the promotion or competition .
Information you provide when taking part in a poll or survey : if you take part in a poll or survey you will either need to register an account with us or provide certain personal information to us which we will use in accordance with the terms of the poll or survey .
Games : if you register to play a game through this site , you may be asked to provide personal information .
Demographic and other data : this website uses cookies , web analytics and web logs to collect information about your use of our site , information about your computer such as your computer 's IP address and browser type , demographic data and , if you arrived at our site via a link from a third party site , the URL of the linking page .
If you have registered an account with us , it may also collect your name and email address .
The data collected through cookies , web analytics and web logs may be transferred to third parties .
For more information on how this website uses cookies , see our cookie policy .
Email communications : we use web beacons in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns .
If you open an email from us , we can see which of the pages of our website you visited .
Our web beacons do n't store any information on your computer but , by communicating with our cookies on your computer , they can tell us when you have opened an email from us .
We may keep track of the emails that we send you .
We also keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive .
If you would like to opt out of receiving such emails , please click the unsubscribe link in the email and follow the instructions .
Information from other sources : we may receive information about you from other sources ( eg missing information about your postal or email addresses ) and add it to the personal information we hold about you .
How we use the information that we collect
We own the information we collect through this website .
We will use it , as applicable , to :
provide you with services or information that you have requested or products or services that you have ordered , such as magazine subscriptions ;
contact you regarding your registered account with us ;
confirm or fulfill an order you have submitted
inform you if you have won a prize
monitor or improve the performance of , and products and services available through , this website
customise the advertising and content that you see
monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of this website , enforce our rights and protect the safety of others including investigating and if necessary removing any content about which we receive a complaint
send you promotional materials or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our group companies and marketing partners .
If you do not want to receive this marketing information you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority
Please note that if you upload or post any information to a public part of the Website , we may use it in accordance with our terms and conditions of use and it may be viewed and used by others .
Future accepts no responsibility for this .
By providing us with your personal information , you consent to us : ( a ) processing your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to ; ( b ) processing your sensitive personal data , such as health data ( if provided ) ; and ( c ) transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK , if necessary for these purposes .
If we do make such a transfer , we will , if appropriate , put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected .
Who we may share your personal information with Agents
we use third parties to perform certain functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders , sending emails , organising and managing competitions , promotions , surveys or polls , removing repetitive information from customer lists , comment hosting , website analysis , data analysis , translation services and processing credit card payments .
They will have access to your personal information if necessary to perform their function but they can not use it or disclose it for any other purpose , unless you have specifically given them consent to do so .
Aggregate Information : we may share aggregate , non-personally identifiable information , such as demographics and website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors and other organisations .
Option to receive marketing information from associated third parties : throughout the website you may be given the opportunity to receive marketing information which may be of interest to you from associated third parties .
Only if you elect to receive such information , will we share your personal information with our associated third parties and they are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested .
The use of your personal information by such third parties will be subject to their own privacy policy and practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of any such third party .
If you do not want to receive marketing information from associated companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
Products or services offered in partnership with third parties : certain products or services available through this website may be provided to you in partnership with a third party .
That third party may require you to disclose personal information to them in order to receive such products or services .
If you request a product or service offered in partnership with a third party , the identity of the third party will be disclosed to you and your personal information will be transferred to that third party .
The use of your personal information by that third party is subject to its privacy policy and practices and we are not responsible for the same .
Group Companies : we only share your personal information with our group companies if you have elected to receive marketing information from them which may be of interest to you .
They are only permitted by us to use it for the purpose of providing you with the marketing information you have requested .
The use of your personal information by our group companies will be subject to their own privacy policies and practices .
If you do not want to receive marketing information from our group companies you can notify us of this as part of the registration process .
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services : we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on this website or we may use an audience or traffic measurement service to analyse the traffic on this website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in .
Audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavioural information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity .
This website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser .
Maintenance and storage of information
Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of Future and its group companies .
We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy .
Links to other websites
this website contains links to a wide variety of other websites and we display advertisements from third parties on our website .
We may monetise some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programmes .
Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes , we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers , even if they use the website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement , nor for the way in which information about their users is treated .
Before submitting any personal information to such websites , you should check their privacy policy .
In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998 , we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information .
Future shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this website including any of your information .
A note for parents concerning privacy
this website is a general audience website .
On the website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of sixteen .
If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations including , without limitation , obtaining parental consent where necessary .
The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources .
Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience .
By using this website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use .
We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time .
If we do so , we will post an updated version on this website .
You will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of this website .
Questions about this website and the information we hold about you
You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you ( for which we may charge a small fee ) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected .

What Information does Future Shop Collect ?
How is Your Personal Information Used ?
Information Future Shop Collects Directly from You
Information Future Shop Collects Automatically
Data on Returned Product
Does Future Shop Share Your Information ?
How does Future Shop Protect Your Information ?
How Can You Verify Your Information ?
When is Your Information Removed ?
Who is Future Shop ?
Will this Privacy Policy Change ?
At Future Shop we know how important it is to protect your personal information .
Whether you are shopping with us online or in person we want to make every customer experience safe and secure .
In keeping with that goal , we have developed this Privacy Policy to explain our practices for the collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information .
This Policy applies to our retail stores , our Web Sites , and all other channels in which Future Shop collects and uses your personal information .
What Information does Future Shop Collect ?
At Future Shop , we collect two types of information : personal information and non-personal information .
The types of information we collect depend on the nature of your interaction with us .
Personal information is information that can identify an individual or information about an identifiable individual .
We may collect personal information such as :
your contact information - e.g. , name , postal address , telephone number , and email address ;
your personal preferences - e.g. , product wish lists , language preferences , and marketing consent ; and
your transaction information - e.g. , products purchased , method of payment , amount paid , and credit or debit card number .
Non-personal information does not identify you as an individual .
we may ask you for your postal code to assist us with planning our flyer distribution ;
we may collect certain non-personal data when you visit our Web Sites , such as the type of browser you are using or the referring URL ; or
we may collect and summarize customer information in a non-personal , aggregate format for statistical and research purposes .
We may , for example , summarize our data to determine that a certain percentage of contest entrants are male , aged 18 to 25 .
You may choose not to provide us with your personal information .
However , if you make this choice we may not be able to provide you with the product , service , or information that you requested .
For example , we can only offer you a Future Shop credit card if you have provided us with certain financial information .
How is Your Personal Information Used ?
Future Shop may use your personal information for a number of different business purposes , for example to :
fulfill orders and requests for products , services or information ;
process returns , exchanges and layaway requests ;
detect and protect against fraud and error ;
establish and manage your accounts with us ;
track and confirm online orders ;
deliver or install products ;
process Future Shop credit card applications ;
track and analyze your purchases and preferences to better understand your product and service needs and eligibility ;
market and advertise products and services ;
communicate things like special events , promotions and surveys ;
tailor our online content or in-store offerings to you based on your interactions with us and your preferences ;
conduct research and analysis ;
operate , evaluate and improve our business ; and
for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy .
Future Shop will collect , use , or disclose your personal information only with your knowledge and consent , except where required or permitted by law .
When you choose to provide us with your personal information you consent to the use of your personal information as identified in this Privacy Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection .
Information Future Shop Collects Directly from You
Listed here are some further examples of the ways that we collect personal information directly from you and how we use it .
When you purchase a Future Shop product or service , you may need to provide us with contact and payment information ( such as credit card information ) so that we can process your request or complete your transaction .
Examples where we need contact information include delivery services , product servicing , in-home installations , and extended warranty coverage .
Our goal is to ensure that you are completely satisfied with your purchase and to this end , Future Shop offers a Return Policy .
For Future Shop to continue to offer our Return Policy , we ask for personal information such as your name , address , and telephone number for the purposes of detecting and preventing fraud and error , or to communicate with you regarding your return or exchange , if necessary .
You may also be asked to produce photo ID for verification purposes only .
Applying for the Future Shop Credit Card
When you apply for a Future Shop credit card , certain contact and financial information is collected and reviewed by our credit card provider , JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( `` Chase '' ) , to approve , establish and maintain credit card accounts .
Chase has its own privacy policy , available here , which governs its relationship with you .
We also encourage you to read their privacy statement provided with your credit card application .
When working with our ReClaim Consultants to replace goods that are covered under your insurance policy , we will need some basic information , such as your contact information , insurance claim number , and the name of your claim adjuster , so we can process your quote in a timely manner and bill your insurance company directly for you .
Purchase Follow-Up and Surveys
Following a purchase from some of our departments we may send you a follow-up letter to thank you for your business , or we may contact you to ensure that you are completely satisfied with the delivery , setup , or installation of your new product .
We may use contact information collected in-store , online , or via our call centres to conduct occasional surveys and other customer research .
These surveys are entirely voluntary and you may easily decline to participate .
Our Web Sites can be browsed anonymously .
However , to engage in certain special features or functions of our Web Sites , or to order products and services from our Web Sites , you may be asked to provide certain personal information , such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone number , or credit card information .
We use this information to create your account , contact and correspond with you about your order , respond to your inquiries , and monitor functions of our Web Sites that you choose to use , such as online forums .
If you choose to ship an order to a third party , you represent and warrant that you have obtained all necessary consents from the third party to permit Future Shop to collect , use , and disclose the third party 's personal information for the purposes of fraud prevention and processing and shipping the order .
Online Forums and Customer Reviews
Certain pages of our Web Sites , such as `` Community Forum '' , facilitate interactive discussions between users and Future Shop staff or agents acting on our behalf regarding products and services available for purchase through the Web Sites .
The Customer Review functionality is provided as a rating system that offers you the chance to share your thoughts on a product .
These public forums and reviews are accessible to all Web Site visitors so please use discretion when posting information to them and do not post personal information .
Sign-Up for Newsletters or Updates
Future Shop offers a variety of newsletters and promotional communications .
You may choose to stop receiving these communications at any time .
Each marketing or promotional email we send to you will include a link or other method to quickly and easily unsubscribe and decline further similar emails .
You may also use the unsubscribe link included below under the heading `` Unsubscribe .
Our subscriber list is never sold or rented to other parties .
Participate in a Contest or Promotion
From time to time , we may run contests or promotions .
If you participate , you may be asked for contact information as well as additional optional survey information ( for example , product preferences ) .
Personal information from contest entries will be used only to administer the contest and contact you if you win .
For research and analysis purposes , we may also summarize contest survey information in a manner that no longer identifies individual participants .
All contests and promotions are subject to this Privacy Policy and the rules that will be available with each particular campaign .
Some contests are conducted by third parties and will be subject to the third party 's policies .
While visiting our Web Sites you may choose to use the `` Email a Friend '' tool which allows you to inform a friend about products of interest to you .
The information you provide will be used to send a one-time email to your friend , inviting them to our Web Sites .
We will not add your friend to a mailing list and will not send them further email unless they choose to receive such communications from us .
When using the `` Email a Friend '' tool you are contacting your friend directly and as such you acknowledge that you are responsible for this correspondence and not Future Shop .
If you provide us with personal information concerning another individual ( e.g. , email address ) , you represent and warrant that you have obtained all necessary consents from that individual to enable us to use that personal information for the identified purpose .
Subscription Services and Activations
Future Shop may offer activation of certain products and services like cellular plans , satellite services , or Internet services .
These activations may require that certain contact and financial information be collected and provided to the respective service providers as part of the activation process .
For example , a cellular carrier may need to perform a credit check prior to activation so a government-issued ID number and your credit card number may be provided to the carrier for that purpose .
Future Shop operates customer support call centres to accept and address your questions , concerns , or complaints .
When you contact our call centres , we may ask for personal information to help us respond to your inquiry or to verify your identity .
For example if you have a question about the status of a recent online order , we will ask for personal information to verify that you are the account holder .
We may also monitor or record your telephone discussions with our customer support representatives for training purposes and to ensure service quality .
Information Future Shop Collects Automatically
In some cases , we automatically collect certain information .
When using our Web Sites , we may collect the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your computer , the IP address of your Internet Service Provider , the date and time you access our Web Sites , the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our Web Site , the operating system you are using , the sections of the Web Site you visit , the Web Site pages read and images viewed , and the content you download from the Web Site .
This information is used for Web Site and system administration purposes and to improve the Web Sites .
The Web Site uses `` cookies '' , a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Web Site user 's computer to permit the Web Site to recognize future visits using that computer .
Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Web Site .
For example , the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Web Site ( so you do not have to enter your language preference every time ) , to offer personalized Web page content and information for your use , to track your activity at the Web Site , to respond to your needs , and to otherwise facilitate your Web Site experience .
You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits , but doing so may affect your use of the Web Site and your ability to access certain features of the Web Site or engage in transactions through the Web Site .
Web Site Tracking Information
We may use web beacons or pixel tags to compile tracking information reports regarding Web Site user demographics , Web Site traffic patterns , and Web Site purchases .
We may then provide these reports to advertisers and others .
None of the tracking information in these reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users .
For our own research purposes we may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by Web Site users .
Once such a link is made , all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web Site may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources which are provided solely for your convenience and information .
When you click on one of those links you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource .
Future Shop has no responsibility or liability for , or control over , those other Web sites or Internet resources or their collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other Web sites to learn how they collect and use your personal information .
Future Shop retail stores are under video surveillance for safety and loss prevention purposes .
The recorded images of our customers are viewed only when required .
There may also be occasion where video footage is used for general demographic or traffic flow analysis .
Data on Returned Product
When returning products which may contain stored or recorded personal information , like computers , PDAs , digital cameras , etc. , you are responsible for deleting or removing all personal information and media from your product before you return it .
Future Shop is not responsible for any use by a third party of personal data or media left behind on a returned item .
From time to time we may supplement information you give us with information from other sources , such as information validating your address or other available information you have provided us .
This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide better service .
Does Future Shop Share Your Information ?
Future shop does not sell or rent our customers ' personal information to any other party .
However , in the normal course of business we may share some of your personal information within our corporate family and with third parties acting on our behalf or as permitted or required by law .
Some of these operations may result in personal information collected by Future Shop being stored or processed outside of Canada and , as a result , your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and regulatory authorities in accordance with the law of these foreign jurisdictions .
Future Shop may use third parties to manage one of more aspects of our business operations , including the processing or handing of personal information .
When we do use an outside company , we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
For example , we may share personal information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as : fulfilling online orders , processing non-cash payments , sending marketing communications , servicing products , conducting research surveys , verifying and validating information that you have provided to us , delivering products , and providing customer support services .
Future Shop has taken precautions to prevent the fraudulent use of your information on our Web Sites .
Future Shop has adopted industry standard authentication procedures to ensure your protection while shopping with us online .
This includes , but is not limited to , contacting financial institutions or credit reporting agencies to ensure the authenticity of your credit card and to validate your credit card billing information .
Information Shared Amongst Future Shop , its Corporate Parents , Affiliates , Subsidiaries and Divisions
Future Shop may share personal information gathered on our Web Sites with Future Shop retail stores ( and vice versa ) and amongst our corporate parents , subsidiaries , affiliates or divisions for internal business purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If Future Shop shares your information within its corporate family , we will ensure that your information continues to be used only in accordance with this Privacy Policy and your expressed choices .
In the event we receive notice from a manufacturer of a product safety recall , we may provide your contact information , limited to name , address , and telephone number , to the manufacturer so that they may notify you of the recall and supply details of any replacement or repair programs .
This transfer or your contact information will occur only for recalls that may impact your personal safety or impair the functionality of the product you purchased from us .
Sale or Transfer of all or part of Future Shop
Any information we have about you may be transferred or disclosed to a purchaser or prospective purchaser in the event of a sale , assignment , or other transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets .
Should such a transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses your information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Future Shop may disclose your information as permitted or required by law .
For example , we may be compelled to release information by a court of law or other person or entity with jurisdiction to compel production of such information .
If we have reasonable grounds to believe information could be useful in the investigation of improper or unlawful activity , we may disclose information to law enforcement agencies or other appropriate investigative bodies .
How does Future Shop Protect Your Information ?
The security of your personal information is a high priority for Future Shop .
We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your personal information , whether recorded on paper or captured electronically , against unauthorized access , disclosure , or misuse .
For example , electronic records are stored in secure , limited-access servers ; we employ technological tools like firewalls and passwords ; and we ensure our employees are trained on the importance of maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal information .
Our Web Sites use encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( `` SSL '' ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name , address , and credit card number .
Our Web Sites have received a Cybertrust certificate to confirm that we have met with industry standard security protocols .
For your online security , always verify you are on an authentic Future Shop Web Site by clicking on the Cybertrust logo located in the lower right footer of our homepage or by using the certificate validation tools provided in your Web browser .
When you create an online account on our Web Sites , you need to select a personal password .
To maximize your level of protection , you should choose at least 6 characters including a combination of both letters and numbers .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and any account information .
Future Shop will never send an unsolicited communication asking you for your password or requesting that you update your account credentials .
To learn more about email fraud , please click here .
How Can You Verify Your Information ?
You may check your information to verify , update , or correct it .
If you created an account on one of our Web Sites , you can access and change your online account profile yourself .
You can also ask to review any of the information that we have retained , how we have used it , and to whom we have disclosed it at any time by contacting us as indicated below under the heading `` Contacting Future Shop '' .
Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law , and provided we can authenticate your identity , you will be given reasonable access to your personal information , and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate .
When is Your Information Removed ?
We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and to meet any legal requirements .
We have retention standards that meet these parameters .
We destroy your information when it is no longer needed , or we remove your personally identifiable information to render it anonymous .
Future Shop is responsible for all personal information under its control .
Our Privacy Manager is accountable for Future Shop 's compliance with the principles described here .
If you have any questions , concerns or complaints about the privacy practices of our organization please contact us at the following :
Click here ( please read the Important Reminder below )
Future Shop Head Office
Attention : Privacy Manager
Burnaby , BC V5J 5K3
We will respond to your request or investigate your concern as quickly as we can , but no later than 30 days from the date of receipt of your query .
Important Reminder about email communications :
Please remember that email sent over the public Internet is not secure .
If you send an email directly to us from your own email account the contents will not be encrypted .
We strongly recommend that you do not send sensitive information ( like a credit card number ) to us via unencrypted email .
Future Shop is not responsible for any transmission by you of any personal information over the public Internet .
If you no longer wish to be contacted regarding promotions , new product and entertainment releases and how to make the most of the latest technology click here
Who is Future Shop ?
Future Shop , futureshop.ca , ConnectPro , and connectpro.ca are divisions of Burnaby-based Best Buy Canada Ltd. , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Best Buy Co. , Inc .
Will this Privacy Policy Change ?
Last Update : 22 November , 2013
To accommodate changes in our services , changes in technology , and legal developments , this Privacy Policy may change over time without notice to you .
We may add , change , or remove portions of the Privacy Policy when we feel it is appropriate to do so .
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically .
Each time you submit personal information or use our services you agree to be bound by the then current terms of the Privacy Policy .
Whenever we update the Privacy Policy we will change the date to indicate when the changes were made .

Last Updated on January 6 , 2010
Future US , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively Future or we ) respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you .
To further this commitment , we have adopted this Online Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to guide how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us online .
This Online Privacy Policy includes the following information :
What this Privacy Policy applies to
What types of information Future collects
How Future uses the information it collects
What happens if you do n't want to provide any personal information
What kinds of cookies or other passive collection tools Future uses on its Website ( s )
Who collects the information that you disclose on Future 's Websites and with whom , if anyone , Future shares your personal information
What choices you can make regarding how your personal information is used
How you can change or delete the information Future has collected about you
What is Future 's policy regarding collecting information from children under 13
How Future ensures the security , quality , and integrity of your information
How you can ask a question or file a complaint regarding this Privacy Policy
How disputes regarding this Privacy Policy are resolved
Back to top of Privacy Policy
What does this Privacy Policy apply to
The website you are currently visiting is operated by Future located at 4000 Shoreline Court , Suite 400 , South San Francisco , CA 94080 .
This Privacy Policy currently applies to all of the website ( s ) operated by Future ( collectively referred to as Future Websites or our Websites ) .
Please click here to see a complete list of the Future Websites .
In the future , if we wish to include additional websites under this Privacy Policy , we will take reasonable steps to include them in the list and ensure that they provide a link to this Privacy Policy .
Some Websites , due to the nature of the content and services they provide , may have additional information relating to the collection and use of information submitted to them .
Please read each Websites Terms of Use as well as this Privacy Policy .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Future Websites ( as listed above ) , and does not apply to information that may be collected by Future offline .
In addition , this Privacy Policy does not extend to websites maintained by our international affiliates ( e.g. , Future Publishing , Inc. or Future plc ) or other companies or organizations to which we link .
Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of such sites meet the requirements of Future ' Online Privacy Policy , we encourage you to read the privacy policy of the website to which you link before you submit any personal information to that site .
Please note that by using our Websites , you signify your assent to Future 's Online Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use our Websites .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on our Websites or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
Your continued use of our Websites will signify your acceptance of these changes .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
What types of information does Future collect
In order to give you the best experience on our Websites , Future may collect information about you , but only if you voluntarily provide it to us .
Typically , we may ask you to submit personal and/or demographic information in connection with any one of the following features or services .
Website and game-specific registration
Contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions
Polls , surveys , or questionnaires
Other features such as e-cards , wish lists , and tell-a-friend
The types and amount of personal information collected for these activities will vary depending on the activity .
The requested personal information may include : your name , home address , telephone number , e-mail address and ( for those purchasing products online ) credit card information including billing and shipping addresses .
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and to provide other non-personal information such as your age or date of birth , gender , game and platform preferences ( including information about the games and hardware you own ) , hobbies and interests , and other information ( also known as demographic information ) .
If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information , we may combine the demographic information with your personal information .
Combining data allows us to customize the notices we send you and the services we provide you according to your interests and preferences .
For more on how we use your information , please read the section on use below .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
How does Future use the information it collects
Whatever the purpose may be , we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
Future Tools and Updates
Information collected from those who voluntarily submit it to us is used to provide services like updates on special events , game news , and email announcements of interest to our users .
Occasionally , we share your personal information ( e.g. , e-mail address ) with a third-party sponsor , co-sponsor , or other reputable third party that provides products or services that may be of interest to you .
Moreover , if you register for access to our blogs or message boards , we will use your personal information to enable you to view and post messages on the boards .
However , you should understand that community forums , blogs , and message boards are tools that allow you to communicate with members of the online community .
As such , whenever you give out personal information in public areas , that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
We may also use your personal information for other purposes such as Operational Uses .
For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Web sites , including any future changes to this Privacy Policy .
We occasionally use other companies , agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our operations .
For example , we have partnered with other companies to personalize our Web pages , process credit card transactions , analyze customers ' interaction with our Website , and process consumer surveys .
We also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office for delivery purposes .
In the course of providing such services , these companies may have contact with your personally identifying information .
These entities have agreed to securely store and maintain the personal information received from us .
Finally , we may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information .
For practical reasons , we treat personal information submitted to us in a business capacity different from information we receive in a non-business capacity .
Personal information submitted to us in a business capacity ( e.g . resumes , event sponsorship , etc . ) may be shared with third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
From time to time , we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale .
If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
If we sell a business , we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy ( including any amendments to this Privacy Policy ) .
The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings .
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to : enforce our Terms of Use ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of our Web sites or third parties .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information to Future
If you choose not to submit personal information when requested , you may not be able to participate in certain activities on our Websites and may limit the services we can provide you .
For example , if you refuse to share your email address , you may not be able to receive general support or product support .
To simply browse our Websites , however , you do not need to give us any personal information .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
Does Future use cookies or use other passive means to collect information
We collect information through technology to make our Web sites more interesting and useful to you .
For example , when you come to one of our Web sites , we collect your IP address .
An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
Standing alone , your IP address is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our Web sites .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information .
We may use cookies to improve the use and functionality of our Websites .
A cookie is a small file or record-keeping device that websites often store on a user 's computer .
Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our Websites .
For example , cookies will remember what you 've placed in your shopping cart , tell us that you have visited one of our Websites before , and may contain other information that will make your next visit to our Websites more enjoyable .
We may combine information contained in cookies with your personal information .
You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer , although this may affect your ability to shop online , both at Future and elsewhere .
We may use web beacons ( or clear GIFs ) on our Websites or include them in the e-mail messages we send you .
Web beacons ( also known as web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data .
We use web beacons for many purposes , including site traffic reporting , unique visitor counts , advertising and email auditing and reporting , and personalization .
Information gathered through web beacons may be linked to your personal information .
Future may also keep track of Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses to troubleshoot technical concerns and to maintain website safety and security .
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet .
Future may collect information in the form of logs files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users ' browsing habits .
These entries are generated anonymously , and help Future determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have visited our Websites , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data ( a.k.a. , navigational data ) .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you .
Log files are used internally only , and are not associated with any particular user , computer , or browser .
Many advertisements are managed and placed on our Web sites by third parties .
These companies are called network advertisers .
Network advertisers who place advertisements on our Web sites may also use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements .
You may not realize this information is being collected .
In some cases , we may have access to information from Web beacons and cookies used by network advertisers on our sites and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the network advertiser .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Finally , once you 've clicked on an advertisement and have left our Web sites , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their Web site .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
Who is collecting my personal information and is it shared with anyone
The information that you disclose on the Future Websites is collected by Future or by a vendor on Future 's behalf ; and , is used in accordance with the practices set forth above .
Vendors ( or agents ) are entities that provide support for the internal operations of our Websites and who only use the information we share with them ( or that they collect on our behalf ) for purposes of internal fulfillment ( e.g. , online product fulfillment ) .
Vendors are required to handle such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
From time to time , we may run contests , tournaments , or other events or activities ( events ) on our Websites .
Information collected for these events may include personal information such as your email address and may be collected by or shared with a third party sponsor , co-sponsor , or other reputable third party ( e.g. , promotional partner , software licensee , or game developer ) .
If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party , you can choose not to participate in these events at the time the information is collected .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability .
In addition , in the event of a merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Future 's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
Can I choose how my personal information is used
If you do not want to receive our newsletter , service related announcements , or any other communications and/or services from Future , please opt-out from these communications or services at the time of registration or information collection .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
How do I access or update my personal information
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy , please contact us using the information provided below :
Future US , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Policy Administrator
4000 Shoreline Court , Suite 400
South San Francisco , CA 94080
Back to top of Privacy Policy
What is Future 's policy regarding children under 13
It is Future 's policy not to collect information from children 12 or younger at the Sites , and Future employs industry standard technical measures to prevent children from providing us with any personally identifiable information .
Children from the ages of 13 to 17 are able to participate at the Websites ; however , some features of the Websites may be unavailable to them .
Children 12 and under may still surf the Websites , and may see many links to other websites while doing so .
Future can not guarantee that these other websites contain material appropriate for them .
We strongly urge parents to monitor their children 's Internet usage , and to actively participate in the selection of websites their children visit .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
What safeguards does Future use to protect my personal information
Future takes reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information collected from our Website visitors .
Personal information collected by Future is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees .
We also have security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
For example , before we allow web users to access their personal information , we verify their identity by requesting information such as their username and password .
While Future takes reasonable precautions against possible breaches of its Websites and customer databases , no website or Internet transmission is completely secure .
Consequently , Future can not and does not guarantee that unauthorized access , hacking , data loss , or other breaches will never occur .
Future urges you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place ( separate from your account information ) , logging out of your user account , and closing your web browser .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
How do I ask a question or file a complaint ? ( Contact Information
If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices , please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at :
Future US , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Policy Administrator
4000 Shoreline Court , Suite 400
South San Francisco , CA 94080
How are disputes regarding this Privacy Policy resolved
By using our Websites , you agree that any claim arising out of or relating to our adherence to this Privacy Policy , or the breach thereof , that can not be resolved through our internal processes , will be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) in accordance with its applicable commercial rules .
You further agree that : ( a ) any arbitrator will be either an attorney or retired judge having significant and recognized experience with and knowledge of privacy issues and information technology ; ( b ) the arbitration panel will apply California law , without regard to it conflict of laws principles ; ( c ) the exclusive location for such arbitration will be San Francisco , California ; and ( d ) all decisions of the arbitration panel will be final and binding on the parties , which waive any right to further appeal the arbitration award , to the extent an appeal may be lawfully waived .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 6 , 2010 .
Back to top of Privacy Policy
Future US , Inc .
Future US , Inc. 4000 Shoreline Court , Suite 400 , South San Francisco , California , 94080 .
All Rights Reserved .
View our privacy policy

Gaia Online PRIVACY POLICY Effective December 16 , 2013
This Website is brought to you by Gaia Interactive , Inc. ( hereinafter `` Gaia '' `` we '' and `` us '' ) .
SPECIAL NOTE TO KIDS AND PARENTS
Persons under the age of 13 are not eligible to register for , use and/or purchase the services and/or products featured on the Website .
Gaia does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age .
No child under the age of 13 should be permitted by his or her parents to register at or become a member of this Website .
There are numerous websites that are appropriate for children under 13 .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children .
In the event that Gaia is notified that information was provided by a child under the age of 13 , Gaia will promptly delete such Personal Information in a secure manner .
Gaia respects and values the privacy of its users , members , customers , subscribers , and others ( collectively or individually referred to herein as `` Members '' .
This Privacy Policy will address the following :
What information this Website gathers and/or tracks about you .
What this Website does with the information it gathers and/or tracks .
This Website 's opt-out policy so that you can tell us not share your information for marketing purposes .
THE PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE
By visiting and utilizing the Site and its related and affiliated Services you agree to our Terms of Service and the within Privacy Policy as updated from time to time .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Gaia Online Terms of Service .
In other words , Your right to use Gaia Online and how we can use personal information you provide on Gaia Online are set out in the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy .
The Terms of Service sets out the rules for dos and don'ts while using the Website and also includes such things as limitations on damages , how disputes are to be resolved , and that your use can be terminated for not following the Terms of Service .
The Privacy Policy sets out what we can do with personal information that you provide to us or we collect based upon your use of the Website .
We strongly recommend that you carefully review the Privacy Policy before providing us with information about yourself or using the Website .
Gaia reserves the right , at our discretion , to change , update or modify this Privacy Policy and/or our Terms of Service at any time , without specific notice to You .
Any such change , update or modification will be posted on the Site and will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site .
You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy from time to time in order to determine whether the Privacy Policy impacts you in a manner that would affect your continued use of the Site and related and affiliated Services .
Your continued access or use of the Site and related and/or affiliated Services constitutes your consent , acceptance and agreement to the Privacy Policy as updated .
NEVER DISPLAY ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER MEMBERS OR USERS IN ANY FORUM OR IN ANY MANNER THAT COULD BE USED TO FIND YOU OR OTHERS IN THE REAL , OFF-LINE WORLD
- for example , your full name , your mailing or home address , your phone numbers , your real email address etc . ( `` contact information '' ) , as well as the name and contact information of other Members , your friends , your family or others .
THE DETAILS OF OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Now , let 's get into the answers to the three topics listed in the introduction .
The answers explain our online information practices and the choices available to you concerning the way that we use the information collected online at this Website .
What information this Website gathers and/or tracks about you .
TYPES OF INFORMATION GAIA COLLECTS
Member provided information : This is the information that you provide to us during registration to become a Member or during your use of the Site .
Personally identifiable information includes , but is not limited to your name , a Gaia Online user name , email address , postal mailing address , home/mobile telephone number , credit card number , billing information etc .
`` Cookies '' information : When you visit Gaia , we may send one or more cookies ( small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters ) - to your computer .
Gaia utilizes both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A session cookies disappears after you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to Gaia .
Persistent cookies can be removed by you at anytime .
Review your web browser 's `` Help '' file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings .
`` Automatically collected '' information : When you participate in Gaia , for example , play games , participate in forums or the Art Arena , spend your Gaia Gold or Gaia Cash , or open one of our HTML emails , certain information from your web browser may be automatically recorded by using different types of technology , including `` clear gifs '' or `` web beacons '' .
What this Website does with the information it gathers and/or tracks .
WAYS GAIA MAY USE INFORMATION
When you choose to create a public profile on Gaia , you will post , at your option , certain personal information that will be publicly displayed to other Members on Gaia .
You consent to our display of any personal information that you include in your public profile .
Gaia uses the information that we collect to operate , maintain , secure , enhance , and provide to you all of the features and services found on Gaia .
We will use your email address for administrative purposes such as sending You account activation and `` welcome '' emails , notifying you of major Gaia updates , customer service purposes , addressing copyright infringement issues or to contact you regarding any Gaia activities in which you presently participating .
Gaia also uses your email address to send to you email regarding Gaia activities that you may wish to enjoy , newsletters , and from time to time notices about special activities , features , or items available on Gaia , and in some case sponsored by third parties .
Gaia uses newsfeeds to aggregate the information you provide and make it available to your friends and network members according to your privacy settings .
Gaia uses all the information that we collect to : ( a ) understand the usage trends and preferences of our Members ; ( b ) improve the way Gaia works and looks and to create new features and functionality and ( c ) to investigate potential violation of the Terms of Service including review of actual information posted online and actual and specific transactions .
You understand and agree to our reviewing both your public and private Member provided personal information and automatically collected information to investigate any possible violations of the Terms of Service .
Gaia uses `` automatically collected '' information and information gathered from `` cookies '' to : ( a ) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit Gaia ; ( b ) provide customized third-party advertisements , content , and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns ; ( d ) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed ; ( e ) track your entries , submissions , and status in any games , sweepstakes , and contests ; and ( f ) to investigate possible violations of the Terms of Service .
Except as explicitly stated herein , we do not sell , rent or trade any personally identifiable information to third-parties .
We may provide our user information and/or join together with other businesses to bring selected opportunities to our users .
Gaia is able to offer our products and/or services to you , in part , based on your willingness to be reached by our third-party advertisers .
By allowing us to make the information you supply available to these third-parties , you will receive free information on products and services that may be of interest to you .
This information may also be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
In addition , you agree that such act constitutes a purchase , an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 .
We may be required to disclose personal information in some instances , such as : 1 ) when required by law wherein we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , and/or subpoena ; 2 ) in the event that Gaia is sold or acquired ; or 3 ) in the event that we believe that the Website is being , or has been , used in violation of our terms and conditions or to commit unlawful acts .
You hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third-party when Gaia , in its sole discretion , determines the disclosure to be appropriate including , without limitation , sharing your email address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 , as amended from time-to-time .
Gaia also reserves the right to disclose Member Information that we believe , in good faith , is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability ; protect Gaia from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses ; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations ; to assist government enforcement agencies ; to protect the security or integrity of Gaia Online ; and to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Members or other persons .
Gaia may disclose Member Information to third parties assisting Gaia in billing for services and products purchased by you on the Website .
This Website 's opt-out policy so that you can tell us not share your information for marketing purposes .
You may , of course , decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Gaia , in which case you will not be able to participate in many Gaia Online activities .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections .
HOWEVER , You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times .
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS , LINKS TO OTHER SITES
If you opt-in to connect your Gaia account and personal information with Facebook ( through the Facebook Connect feature ) or with any other third party networking ( or other ) site , then your shared personal information or data may become public through Facebook or other site .
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected through Gaia Online .
When you access Facebook or other third party sites through links or features on Gaia Online , you do so at your own risk .
These other sites are not under Gaia 's control , and you acknowledge that Gaia is not responsible or liable for their privacy practices and/or policies .
When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy posted on that site and make sure that you are comfortable with its privacy practices .
Gaia allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements within Gaia Online .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements that appear within Gaia Online and they automatically receive your IP Address when this happens .
Such third-party ad servers may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , javascript , or web beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize their advertising content .
Gaia does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Gaia to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , males age 15 to 18 ) or audience segment ( for example , males age 15 to 18 who have participated in certain community activities or games ) and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience that they were trying to reach .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
Gaia 's Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other advertisers or web sites .
Gaia reserves the right the add or remove third-party ad networks or ad servers in its discretion and Gaia may not at all times list such updated ad network or ad server partners in this Privacy Policy .
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
We work hard to protect the security of Your personal information .
Gaia uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial , and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of Member Information .
While we incorporate sophisticated technology to protect Your information , we can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of Member Information collected by Gaia , and you transmit such information at your own risk .
Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
In the event of a security systems breach that we believe would warrant You taking protective steps , Gaia may post a notice on Gaia Online or attempt to contact you electronically .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , Gaia does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on Gaia Online from persons under 13 years-of-age , and no part of Gaia Online is directed to persons under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access Gaia Online at any time or in any manner .
If Gaia learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-years-of-age has been collected on Gaia without verifiable parental consent , then Gaia will take the appropriate steps to delete this information .
Parents , there are numerous resources that may help you in monitoring and limiting your children 's access to certain types of material on the Internet .
This is a link to a website maintained by the Federal Trade Commission where parents can find resources to help you in monitoring and limiting your child 's access to certain types of material on the Internet .
Gaia Online is hosted in the United States and is intended for United States visitors .
If You are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that You are transferring Your personal data to the United States and by providing Your personal data You consent to that transfer .
IN THE EVENT OF A MERGER OR SALE
In the event that Gaia is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from Members as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Gaia reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice at the Website that we are changing our Privacy Policy .
If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes , we will notify users by posting the changes on this Website .
Any and all changes to our Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon posting .
Your continued use of the Website , Gaia 's products and/or services , and/or continued receipt of Gaia 's e-mails shall be deemed an affirmative acknowledgement and acceptance by the user to the terms of the modified Privacy Policy .
You may also contact us at 1-408-467-8511 .
We will respond to your inquiry at our earliest opportunity .
Effective Date , Date Last Modified :
Gaia Online PRIVACY POLICY effective as of December 16 , 2013
Gaia Online PRIVACY POLICY last modified on December 16 , 2013

Last Updated : July 2 , 2013
Welcome to Game Informer Online , the Web destination for readers of Game Informer magazine .
What Does this Policy Cover
1.1 Applies to All Game Informer Websites and Mobile Applications .
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the Website ( s ) and Mobile Application ( s ) operated by Game Informer ( collectively , with Game Informer Online , referred to as the `` Site '' ) .
Please click here to see a complete list of all Websites operated by Game Informer .
If Game Informer wishes to include additional Websites under this Privacy Policy , it will take reasonable steps to include them in the list and ensure that they provide a link to this Privacy Policy .
Some Websites , due to the nature of the content and services they provide , may have additional information relating to the collection and use of information submitted to them .
Please read each Website 's Terms and Conditions as well as this Privacy Policy .
1.2 Applies Only to Information Submitted Online Through the Site .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Site , and does not apply to information that may be collected by Game Informer or its affiliates offline .
In addition , this Privacy Policy does not extend to Websites that may be maintained by our international affiliates or other companies or organizations to which we link , or to Websites that contain links to the Site and/or the Service .
Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of such Websites meet the requirements of the Game Informer Online Privacy Policy , you should read the privacy policy of the Website to which you link before you submit any personal information to that site .
1.3 Acceptance by Use of Site ; Changes to Policy .
Please note that by using the Site , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site .
If Game Informer makes any changes to the Policy , Users ( defined below ) will be notified through a prominently posted announcement on the Site and/or in the Service .
Your continued use of the Site will signify your acceptance of these changes .
1.4 Description of the Site and Privacy Policy .
The Site provides video game related content for all visitors as well as enhanced content and message boards , among other items , for registered users ( such enhanced content and message boards , among other items , are referred to as the Service ) .
All visitors and registered users are referred to in this Policy as Users .
This Policy ( i ) covers Game Informer 's treatment of personally identifiable information collected when you are on the Site and when you use the Service , and ( ii ) discloses Game Informer 's information gathering and dissemination practices for the Site and the Service .
1.5 Who Provides the Site and Service .
What Information Is Collected Through The Service , From Whom Is It Collected , How Is It Collected , And Who Has Access To It
2.1 What Information does Game Informer Collect .
Game Informer may collect information about you , but only if you voluntarily provide it to Game Informer .
We may ask you to submit personal and/or demographic information in connection with any one of the following features or services :
Website registration for the Service
Registration for special features or demo games
Contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions
Polls , surveys , or questionnaires
Message boards , comments and wikis
The types and amount of personal information collected for these activities will vary depending on the activity .
The requested personal information may include : your name , home address and zip code , telephone number , e-mail address and ( for those purchasing products online ) credit card or checking account information including billing and shipping addresses and zip codes .
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password and to provide other non-personal information such as your age or date of birth , gender , game and platform preferences ( including information about the games and hardware you own ) , hobbies and interests , and other information ( also known as `` demographic information '' ) .
If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information , we may combine the demographic information with your personal information .
Combining data allows us to customize the notices we send you and the services we provide you according to your interests and preferences .
For more on how we use your information , please read the section on use below .
Game Informer may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
Also , certain information that is not provided directly by anyone is collected by Game Informer regarding all Users who browse the Site or access the Service .
Aggregate information includes , but is not limited to a User 's ( i ) Internet browser type ( e.g. , Internet Explorer 8.0 ) , ( ii ) IP address , ( iii ) resolution settings , ( iv ) platform type , and ( v ) originating urls .
Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Policy on our right to aggregate information or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information .
Game Informer uses aggregate information to ( a ) help diagnose problems with Game Informer ' server ( s ) , ( b ) measure usage of the Site and the Service , ( c ) administer the Service and the Site , ( d ) inform Game Informer 's sponsors and advertisers as to the number of Users who fall into certain demographic categories , ( e ) provide Game Informer 's sponsors and advertisers with information regarding which Users saw and clicked on certain advertisements on the Sites , or ( f ) perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior or Users to measure User demographics generally .
2.2 From Whom is it Collected .
Game Informer may collect information from anyone who uses the Service or otherwise submits information online to Game Informer .
2.3 How is the Information Collected .
If you complete any registration forms , purchase products or services , or otherwise use any features of the Site where you are requested to submit personal information , Game Informer may store and use such information as described in this Policy .
2.4 Who has Access to the Information .
Persons employed by Game Informer and contractors performing services for Game Informer or maintaining the Site may have access to the personal information provided by you to Game Informer .
We also may share your information with anyone you authorize in connection with your disclosure of the information to Game Informer .
From time to time , we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale .
If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
If Game Informer sells a business , we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Policy ( including any amendments to this Policy ) .
The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are reorganized or sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings .
We will disclose personal information when we believe that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to enforce our Website Terms and Conditions ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of the Site or third parties .
How does Game Informer Use the Information it Collects
3.1 Updates and Enabling Use of Communication Tools .
Information collected from those who voluntarily submit it to us is used to provide services like updates on special events , game news , and email announcements of interest to our Users .
If you register for access to our forums , blogs or message boards , we will use your personal information to enable you to view and post messages on the boards .
However , you should understand that community forums , blogs , and message boards are tools that allow you to communicate with members of the online community .
As such , whenever you give out personal information in public areas , that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
3.2 Operational Uses .
We also may use your personal information for other purposes such as `` Operational Uses . ''
For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of the Site , including any changes to this Privacy Policy .
We occasionally use other companies , agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our operations .
For example , we have partnered with other companies to personalize our Web pages , process credit card transactions , analyze customers ' interaction with the Site , and process consumer surveys .
We also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office or other carriers for delivery purposes .
In the course of providing such services , these companies may have contact with your personally identifying information .
These entities have agreed to securely store and maintain the personal information received from us .
3.3 Use of the Information in Connection with Promotions , Contests , and Advertising .
Game Informer may , from time to time , run promotions or contests on the Site in connection with the Service .
In addition , certain of the promotions or contests may be sponsored by third parties .
If Game Informer collects any data as part of a sponsored promotion or contest , it will share that data with the third party sponsor .
In connection with each sponsored promotion or contest , the promotion or contest registration forms will feature a notice from Game Informer that any information collected in connection with such promotion or contest will be shared with a third party sponsor .
If you do not want Game Informer to share such information , then you should not participate in the promotion or contest .
In addition , if during the registration process you informed Game Informer ( by way of a check box or other method ) that you would be interested in receiving information or offers from Game Informer 's partners , sponsors or advertisers or about other topics that might be of interest , Game Informer may share your personal information ( e.g. , email address ) with such partners , sponsors , or advertisers to help them provide you with such requested information .
3.4 Business Information .
Game Informer treats personal information submitted to it in a business capacity different from information that it receives in a non-business capacity .
Personal information submitted to Game Informer in a business capacity ( e.g. , resumes , event sponsorship , etc . ) may be shared with third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
Cookies and Other Passive Means of Collecting Information
4.1 IP Addresses .
To trouble shoot technical concerns and to make the Site more usable by Users , Game Informer collects information about your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address .
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet .
An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
Standing alone , your IP address is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which Users visit various parts of the Site .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information .
Game Informer may use cookies to store a User 's individual preferences and system information .
Cookies are small electronic data files that Websites can store on a User 's computer for record keeping purposes .
For example , cookies will remember what you 've placed in your shopping cart , and tell us that you have visited one of our Websites before .
Cookies also may be used on the Site or within the Service for other reasons , such as to limit the number of times a User would have to enter a password .
Game Informer does not store personal information in a cookie .
We may combine information contained in cookies with your personal information .
The use of cookies is standard in the Internet industry and many Websites use them .
In addition , a User may modify his or her browser 's settings to notify such User whenever a Website is going to deposit a cookie on such User 's hard drive or other storage media .
The notification option generally gives the User the opportunity to decide whether to accept or refuse a cookie in each instance .
You can configure your browser to always disable cookies when cookies are being sent to your computer , although this may affect your ability to shop online , both at Game Informer Online and elsewhere .
4.3 Web Beacons .
We may use web beacons ( or clear GIFs ) on our Websites or include them in the e-mail messages we send you .
Web beacons ( also known as `` web bugs '' ) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data .
We use web beacons for many purposes , including site traffic reporting , unique visitor counts , advertising and email auditing and reporting , and personalization .
Information gathered through web beacons may be linked to your personal information .
4.4 Log Files .
Game Informer may collect information in the form of logs - files that record Website activity and gather statistics about Users ' browsing habits .
These entries are generated anonymously , and help Game Informer determine ( among other things ) how many Users have visited the Site , how often they visit , which pages they 've visited , and other similar data ( navigational data ) .
We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can more effectively tailor our online services to Users ' preferences .
Log files are used internally only , and are not associated with any particular user , computer , or browser .
4.5 Network Advertisers .
Many advertisements are managed and placed on our Websites by third parties .
These companies are called `` network advertisers . ''
Network advertisers who place advertisements on our Websites may also use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements .
You may not realize this information is being collected .
In some cases , we may have access to information from Web beacons and cookies used by network advertisers on our sites and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the network advertiser .
You should be aware that once you 've clicked on an advertisement and have left our Site , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their Website .
Who Is Collecting the Information , and with Whom is it Shared
All Information collected ( i.e. , personal information and aggregate information ) on the Site and as part of the Service , is collected and maintained by Game Informer .
As noted above , network advertisers may collect information regarding Users clicking or moving their cursors over advertisements on the Site .
The information that you disclose on the Site also may be collected by a vendor on Game Informer 's behalf , and it may be used in accordance with the practices set forth above .
Vendors ( including consultants and agents ) are entities that provide support for the internal operations of our Site and the Service and who only use the information we share with them ( or that they collect on our behalf ) for purposes of internal fulfillment ( e.g. , online product fulfillment ) or to enhance or support the effectiveness of the Service and our operations .
Vendors are required to handle such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
From time to time , we may run contests , tournaments , or other events or activities ( `` events '' ) on our Site .
Information collected for these events may include personal information such as your email address and may be collected by or shared with a third party sponsor , co-sponsor , or other reputable third party ( e.g. , promotional partner , software licensee , or game developer ) .
If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party , you can choose not to participate in these events at the time the information is collected .
Except as stated above or disclosed in this Policy , or otherwise as may be authorized or permitted by a User , Game Informer does not share personal information with anyone ( see also Sections 2 , 3 and 4 ) .
Aggregate information may be shared with Game Informer 's partners , sponsors , or advertisers ( see Section 4 ) .
Opting Out of Receiving Communications or Services ; How to Access , Change , or Delete Your Information
If you choose not to submit personal information when requested , you may not be able to participate in certain activities on the Site and may limit the services we can provide you .
For example , if you refuse to share your email address , you may not be able to receive general support or product support .
To simply browse the Site you do not need to give us any personal information .
If you do not want to receive newsletters , service related announcements , or any other communications and/or services from Game Informer , please opt-out from these communications or services at the time of registration or information collection .
How Is Your Information Protected / Security Measures
Game Informer takes what it believes to be appropriate precautions to protect the information of its Users .
When the Service requests sensitive User information ( including , without limitation , personal information ) the information is encrypted and protected .
Game Informer 's database of User information resides on Game Informer servers behind various firewalls to protect against loss , misuse , theft , and unauthorized modification , deletion , or alteration of the information contained in such database .
In addition , Game Informer has taken preventive measures to restrict access to sensitive data and personal information , as well as to detect , police , and prohibit certain communications and operations by unauthorized users .
Only employees of Game Informer who require access to certain information to perform specific employment tasks are granted limited access to such information .
Game Informer makes no claim or warranty as to the security or impenetrability of Game Informer 's system under unusual or unanticipated circumstances or its resilience to future sophisticated attacks .
When Information May Be Disclosed as a Matter of Law
Game Informer may disclose personal information to unrelated parties in special cases when Game Informer has reason to believe that that disclosure is necessary to identify , contact , or bring legal action against a person or persons who is or may be a subject of or subject to a fraud investigation , intellectual property infringement claim or other claim of illegal activity , or who may be causing injury to , or interference with , the rights or property of Game Informer , other Users , or any third party .
In addition , Game Informer may disclose information about individual Users to law enforcement agencies , judicial or government authorities , or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal processes .
Also , in the event of a sale , merger , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event , Game Informer User information may be transferred to an entity that succeeds to Game Informer 's assets or business .
Information of Minors and Children
Game Informer is not targeting the Site or the Service to children , and Game Informer does not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not email Game Informer , contact the Site , attempt to use the Service , submit information to the Site , or ask Game Informer to email you .
If you are under the age of 18 , you should get permission from a parent or guardian before you email Game Informer , contact the Site , attempt to use the Service , submit information to the Site , or ask Game Informer to email you .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , and the identities of the third parties with whom we have shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year .
For inquiries pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code regarding information disclosure provided by Game Informer , please contact us using the information provided below :
Game Informer Online .
Attn : Privacy Policy Administrator
c/o Game Informer Magazine
724 North 1st Street
Minneapolis , MN 55401
Phone : ( 612 ) 486-6100
Fax : ( 612 ) 486-6101
How do I ask a question or file a complaint ? ( Contact Information
If you have any questions , complaints , or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices , please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at :
Game Informer Online .
Attn : Privacy Policy Administrator
c/o Game Informer Magazine
724 North 1st Street
Minneapolis , MN 55401
Phone : ( 612 ) 486-6100
Fax : ( 612 ) 486-6101

GameStop knows that you care about your privacy and the use of your personal information .
This notice describes our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you from any source through our Websites , in our retail stores , through our Power-Up Rewards Program , in any contest or promotion , or any other way .
By visiting a GameStop Website or retail store , participating in our PowerUp Rewards Program , or otherwise providing information to GameStop you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
In this Privacy Policy , `` GameStop '' means GameStop , Inc. , its Websites and its retail stores located in the United States and Puerto Rico .
`` Website ( s ) '' means GameStop operated websites and mobile applications , including GameStop.com and PowerUpRewards.com .
Our Websites may contain links to other websites .
GameStop is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to other GameStop brands such as BuyMyTronics , Game Informer , Kongregate , or PC Downloads , each of which has its own privacy policy .
The word `` computer '' means any device used to connect to a Website , including , but not limited to , mobile devices .
We Gather the Following Personal Information About Customers :
Information That You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or that you give us in any other way .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the Websites , or to take advantage of some features or promotions .
When you place an order with us online , in a store or in any other way , your contact information is used to communicate related information , such as order and shipment confirmation , release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate processing your order .
You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order .
We use customer contact information to customize future shopping for you , to improve our Websites and stores , to send you information about our company , and to inform you of sales and special offers .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link attached to each email .
We obtain information about you when you search , buy , participate in a contest or questionnaire , communicate with customer service , or otherwise contact us or post information on our Websites .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through a Website or provide information to update or create your account with us ( you may have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , email , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; create any wish or gift list ; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews ; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future .
The information collected typically includes your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; content of reviews you may provide ; emails to us ; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the Websites .
We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact , demographic and technical information .
We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company .
This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards , if such a reward program is part of the survey .
The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site .
We run contests in which we ask visitors for contact information ( such as their email address ) .
We use this information to contact the winners .
We may also use or share contest information with our business and marketing partners to offer you products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We allow customers to post reviews and allow visitors to communicate information on products .
review , you can optionally display your name , an alias , or remain anonymous .
However , if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review , that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email .
You should use discretion when disclosing information online .
Automatic Collection of Information : If you purchase any products online , or have any other interaction with our Websites , we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions .
We may also send you personalized emails .
These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication .
Like many websites , we may use tracking pixels/web beacons , `` cookies '' , or other technologies to receive and store certain information , and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements .
Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading `` Third-Party Advertising '' below .
For example , cookies are placed on your computer ( explained in more detail below ) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart .
This allows you to leave our site , come back later , and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact .
It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites , tailoring the content to your interests .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously , but if you use these utilities , it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer .
The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our Websites includes your Internet ( IP ) address ; login and password information ; email address ; web browser type and version ; operating system and computer platform ; purchase history , which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Websites , including date and time ; one or more unique identifiers ; products you viewed or searched for ; areas of our Websites you visited ; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number .
We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us .
We assign you one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your future visits .
Email Communications : We provide email links on our `` Customer Services '' page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have .
We may receive a confirmation when you open any email that we send to you , if your computer supports such capabilities .
If you send us any email , we will retain such email and your email address for response .
We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you .
Information from Other Sources : If we receive any information about you from other sources , we may add it to our account information .
For example , if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication , and we note that you are a subscriber , we may include that information in the account information that we store about you .
Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services ; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud .
An Explanation of `` Cookies ''
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer 's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our Websites , and to store certain information ( such as items placed in your shopping cart ) between visits .
You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to .
Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
You should look in the `` help '' area shown on your browser 's toolbar .
Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our Websites .
We or our partners may also use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our Website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
Tournaments : If you register for tournaments through GameStop , we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics .
For instance , if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament , Microsoft will use that information for internal research .
Sharing with Third Parties .
We may share customer information that we collect with third parties .
Usually , this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner ( see information on Third-Party Relationships below ) .
Also , we may use the information that you provide us , or that we collect about you , in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates .
It is not our policy to sell or rent lists of our Website customers to unaffiliated third parties .
Sharing with our Contractors .
We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include order fulfillment , package delivery , postal mail and email communications , customer lists management , data analysis , marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications , credit card processing , and customer relationship management .
These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission .
A more detailed discussion of our relationship with certain third-party advertisers is set forth below under the heading `` Third-Party Advertising '' .
Promotional Offers May be Sent to You .
We may call you with or send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses , or permit other businesses that we are working with to call you with or send you offers , if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link attached to each email .
If after receiving a phone call , you wish to no longer receive phone calls from us , you can inform the caller or follow the prompt instructions .
Sale or Acquisition of Business Units .
As we continue to develop our business , we may buy or sell business divisions or companies , we may merge or combine with another company , or our company itself , or all or a significant part of its assets , may be acquired by another company .
We may provide any information we have to a potential counter-party in any such potential transaction .
If such a transaction is completed , customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets .
The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice ( unless , of course , the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms ) .
Legal Requirements and Protection of our Websites and Others .
We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law , to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements , or to protect the rights , property , or safety of our Websites , our users , or others .
This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud , or for credit risk reduction .
We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities , and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation .
We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities .
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal .
We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information , however , unless we are required to do so under applicable law .
If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above , we will notify you , and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information .
We have several types of third-party relationships .
We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager .
This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people ( through links ) to our Website .
If you sign up as an affiliate , your contact information ( website address and related information , email address , mailing and payment addresses , and contact information ) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for our Websites .
You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application .
The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled , and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application .
We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services .
We link to third-party surveys .
When you complete a purchase , you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience .
The survey is conducted by a third party ( and is identified as such ) who shares all of the survey information with us , including your email address if you specify it in the survey .
We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving .
If you order from us after visiting Sony 's Playstation.com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased .
Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered ( or `` served '' ) directly to users by third-party advertisers with which we have agreements .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
These third-party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and `` web beacons '' ( also known as `` 1x1 gifs '' or `` clear gifs '' ) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites , based on their tracking of what content you looked at or interacted with on our Websites .
GameStop does not have access to or control of the cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed by the third-party advertisers .
Third-party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored by GameStop unless you choose to share it with them .
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by GameStop and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Security of Information Stored by Us
When you purchase something from our Websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts certain purchasing information you input , although no known method of data transfer can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order , but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing .
To the extent that you use our Websites , and connect to us through your computer , anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our Websites and conduct transactions in your name .
We have no ability to know who has access to your computer , or to your credit card information , or who you have authorized to use such computer or information .
Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us .
Accordingly , you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information , and to your computer .
You May Access , Change or Modify Your Personal Information
If you have purchased from us or created an account , our site provides you the opportunity to review , correct , or update your account information .
You can do this by :
Accessing Gamestop.com and clicking on the `` My Account '' link .
Calling the following telephone number : 1-800-883-8895
Sending mail to the following postal address :
Grapevine , TX 76051
Your Right to Choose ( Opt-Out )
You always may choose not to provide information and most Internet browsers allow you to control the automatic collection of information from your computer .
Obviously , if you choose not to provide necessary information , we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries .
If we permit you to update any information that we store about you , we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records .
If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link attached to each email .
Our Websites , services and applications are designed for and directed at people 13 years of age or older .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 .
If GameStop learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) .
If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at :
Grapevine , TX 76051
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :
Conditions of Website Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit our Websites or stores , your visit ( s ) and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Conditions of Website Use , including limitations on damages , and application of the law of your state .
If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement , the practices of the Websites , or your dealings with the Websites , you can contact :
Grapevine , TX 76051
We May Change These Terms
Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites , or this Privacy Policy , and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us , those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.com .
As is the case with any business , our business changes over time , and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time , as we deem appropriate .
We may email reminders of our notices and conditions .
You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies .
Unless stated otherwise , our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Website Use may be found by clicking here .

Our Annual GameTrailers Game of the Year Awards Is Underway ! Click Here To Visit The Awards Page And Start Watching Now !
Xbox One 360 PS4 PS3 PC Wii U 3DS Vita Apps
Final Fantasy : Secret Minigame
GameTrailers Game of the Year ...
Game of the Year Nominee : Ni ...
Most Anticipated Game - Nominees
Best PC Game - Nominees
Best PlayStation 3 Game - ...
Last Modified : December 20 , 2013
PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This is the privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) for GameTrailers.com ( `` Site , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) , an Internet website owned by GameTrailers Corp .
GameTrailers Corp. and the Site ( together , `` GameTrailers '' ) are provided by Viacom Media Networks ( `` VMN '' ) , a division of Viacom International Inc. ( together , VMN and Viacom International Inc. , the `` Parent Companies '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas :
When This Privacy Policy Applies .
U.S. Governing Law ; Safe Harbor .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information .
Protection of Information .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice .
When This Privacy Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer , a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered ( each , a `` Device '' ) and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user ( if offered by the Site ) or other user of the Site .
This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information ( as those terms are defined below ) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner ( such as by GameTrailers Corp. not through the Site ) or by any other website offered by GameTrailers , the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) or collected by any other company , unless specifically stated .
We may from time to time , combine Information ( as that term is defined below ) with other information we collect from other sources , such as information received from our Parent Companies , Affiliates , marketing companies or Advertisers and , if we do so , our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect , even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service , feature , function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates , expires , ceases , is suspended or deactivated for any reason .
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy , please do not participate in the Site or any features , activities or services offered through the Site .
Governing Law ; Safe Harbor
The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S .
We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in our Site activities , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement .
If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements , please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you are located outside of the U.S. , the EEA and Switzerland , you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you , not us , are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws .
[ Please be aware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be collected in the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law .
By using this Site , participating in any Site activities and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S. , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that we will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S . law . ]
If this Site is part of the Flux platform , by using this Site , participating in any Site activities , and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that this Site and Flux will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Flux Privacy Policy and U.S. law .
Consequently , to the full extent permitted by law , you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
When we use the term `` Personal Information '' we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you , such as your full name , postal address , e-mail address or telephone number .
When we use the term `` Other Information '' , we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you ( Personal Information and Other Information , together , the `` Information '' ) .
Information We Collect that You Provide Us .
To the extent we offer user registration on the Site , to register as a member of the Site , you are required to select a user name and password ( together , your `` User ID '' ) and may be required to also provide other Information , such as your email address and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested during the registration process ( but not required ) .
In Connection with Certain Features and Functions .
We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site , such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information , chat rooms , message boards , electronic mail services , messaging services , auctions , shopping , registration and member profile pages .
To sign up for or participate in these features or functions , you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions .
For example , to sign up to receive email newsletters , you may be required to provide your email address , date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration .
Further , for example , to the extent we offer such services , if you order any of our various Products ( as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and may maintain your billing address , shipping address , Product selections , your credit card or other payment instrument information , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site ( e.g. , the referring URL ) .
Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission .
In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes .
There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following : your first and last name , street address , city , state and zip code , email address , telephone number and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion , but submission of such Information may be optional .
The Promotion 's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements .
You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers , sponsors or promotional partners ( `` Advertisers '' ) as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions .
Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
`` Web beacons '' ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
The Site and/or third parties may use `` cookies '' , `` web beacons '' and other similar tracking technologies ( collectively , `` Tracking Technologies '' ) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on this Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password in password-protected areas , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts on the Site , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' , `` Other Information Collected by Us '' section below .
These Tracking Technologies collect `` click stream '' data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site ( such as your visits to the Site 's webpages , use of our features and purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such Other Information across multiple sessions on this Site and other websites offered by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ( `` Identifier '' ) .
An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site .
Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information .
By visiting the Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers and other third parties ( collectively , `` Third Party Advertising Service Providers '' ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Site , facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ( `` Targeting Services '' ) .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited .
Targeting Services enable us to , among other things , help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as Advertisers and other third parties , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site .
Use of Information .
As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or , subject to the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section below , text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users , whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates or third parties ( for example , we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party ) ;
Processing your registration with the Site , such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid ;
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account , any services , features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use , any Promotions you have participated in or have entered , any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Responding to your questions or other requests ;
Contacting you regarding your use of the Site , for informational purposes related to the Site or , in our discretion , regarding changes to the Site 's policies ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information , so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information .
Other Information Collected by Us .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies ' , Affiliates ' , Advertisers ' or partners ' sites ;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity ;
Determining which features , webpages , products and services users like best to , among other things , help us operate the Site , enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information ;
Preparing statistics reports ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site
For the uses described for `` Personal Information '' above and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information .
Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours .
Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser , we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you .
Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' and Advertisers ' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' or Advertisers ' , as applicable , own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
However , please see `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) '' Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers .
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information .
In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers .
You may `` opt-out '' of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by using the Site 's preference management page associated with your User ID account to opt-out of receiving such emails or messages from the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates and/or third parties .
You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested .
Further , when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands .
Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options .
In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us .
Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options .
In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services .
See `` Termination of Wireless Services by Users '' under the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages .
Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs .
However , even if you exercise your opt-out rights above , we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' Section above , such as for maintenance and administrative purposes .
Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies .
Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers , you have a number of options :
Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests .
You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe AudienceManager ( formerly known as Demdex ) and DoubleClick/Google , by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site .
Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out :
The opt-out tools discussed above are `` cookie based . ''
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser ( a process described below ) after opting out , you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are `` browser-specific . ''
The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences .
This means , for example , that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device .
It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular Device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Internet Options '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on this Site .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES .
Tracking Technologies Set By the Site .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site , you have a number of options :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Internet Options '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and , if so , certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices .
Further , if you delete , reject , disable or turn off Tracking Technologies , you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as described above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described in Sections 4 ( b ) ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iii ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
GameTrailers may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from GameTrailers , either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for GameTrailers .
The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user 's telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions , such as a user 's preferences regarding goods or services , choices of music or artists , or other similar survey information .
Depending on the Promotion , we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and , depending on the Information collected , the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement .
We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party 's interception of messages or a user 's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device .
Users that register for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the user 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from GameTrailers .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Site , GameTrailers , its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
To the extent we provide wireless marketing services , there are two registration methods provided for GameTrailers ' wireless marketing services .
Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the `` single opt-in '' or the `` double-opt-in '' ( Site/SMS ) method , at the discretion of GameTrailers depending on the type of Promotion .
Premium rate services will require the `` double opt-in '' ( Site/SMS or SMS/SMS ) method .
Single Opt-in Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
The user 's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to GameTrailers will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to GameTrailers to send text messages to him or her .
GameTrailers will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a `` Thank you '' message .
The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from GameTrailers or by sending a text message to GameTrailers that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Double Opt-in ( Site/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process .
The user must affirmatively consent to GameTrailers ' sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number ( or wireless email address , only if requested by GameTrailers ) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site 's registration page .
The user must also agree to the Site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed .
GameTrailers will then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Double Opt-in ( SMS/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
GameTrailers will then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from GameTrailers to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of GameTrailers ' wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that GameTrailers may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while GameTrailers continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Termination of Wireless Services by User .
Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register , users may revoke their consent to receive messages from GameTrailers by the following procedure :
A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by GameTrailers at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
GameTrailers will terminate the user 's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with GameTrailers .
If the user unsubscribes from one or all of GameTrailers service ( s ) via his or her wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user 's previous opt-in .
Termination of Wireless Services by GameTrailers .
A user understands , acknowledges and agrees that GameTrailers may , in its sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
GameTrailers may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site .
Use of Information .
GameTrailers will not use a wireless telephone number , wireless or conventional Internet email address , or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested , unless we provide advance notice of any other use .
We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure .
We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information .
Generally , we do not sell , rent , lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes .
You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information '' Section above .
Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed .
Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ( `` Posting Information '' ) , such as username .
We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of , and other services relating to , such Posting .
Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features .
The Site may also offer co-branded services and features , such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service , along with the Co-Branded partner 's privacy policy .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy .
Disclosure to Operational Service Providers .
We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site 's services , features , functions and operations .
We will refer to these third parties as `` operational service providers '' .
We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content , activities , services , features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us .
v. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties .
In addition to the above , we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances :
When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation ;
If we believe your actions violate any law , rule , regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement , including , without limitation , this Privacy Policy , Rules or Additional Terms ;
In connection with Promotions , as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws , rules or regulations ( for example , to provide winners ' lists or make required filings as appropriate ) ;
If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes , in which case the third party 's use of your Information is subject to the third party 's own privacy policy ;
If , in our sole discretion , we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate : to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries ; to protect our business and assets or the rights , property or safety of the Site , GameTrailers Corp. , the Parent Companies , the Affiliates , or any of its or their operational service providers , licensors , suppliers , Advertisers , customers , users , or any other party ; to limit our legal liability ; to defend our interests ; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or
In the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , sale , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving us , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information .
We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties , but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information
Generally , you may review , update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , by clicking `` Profile '' or your display name at the top of the Site and then selecting `` Edit Profile . ''
However , Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as date of birth or age , can not be deleted , but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information .
We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID , as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current , but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID .
You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , clicking `` Profile '' or your display name at the top of the Site , selecting `` Edit Profile '' or `` Manage Account '' and selecting the `` Privacy '' tab .
Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user 's request , unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old .
If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated , we may decide not to provide access to such Information .
In such cases , we will provide to you an explanation of why access can not be provided and contact information for further inquiries .
Children or Ineligible Teenagers .
If we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site , such as a child ( a person under the age of 13 ) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ( `` Ineligible Teenagers '' ) , the child ( or Ineligible Teenager ) or the child 's ( or Ineligible Teenager 's ) parent or legal guardian ( the `` Parent '' ) always has the right to unsubscribe ( opt-out ) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message .
The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor ( a person under the age of 18 , or the age of majority in your state ) .
In addition , Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's membership must use their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID to gain direct access to the account , and follow the procedures in the `` Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use '' Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's member ; alternatively , Parents may send an email to the Site 's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID and request to terminate your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
We will not allow direct access to a user 's account and Personal Information by any person without the user 's User ID .
If a Parent does not have his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID , the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent 's name , address , telephone and email address , in addition to the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's name and email address as registered on the Site , plus the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's date of birth .
The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager .
GameTrailers will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address .
GameTrailers will then terminate the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name , address and email address of the person making the request .
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we maintain commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information .
However , regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission .
We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site .
We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality .
Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers ' personal identity data and financial account credentials .
`` Phishers '' use 'spoofed ' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers , account usernames , passwords and social security numbers .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( which we may sometimes refer to as `` unsubscribe '' ) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties ( such as Advertisers ) for marketing purposes .
Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year .
New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404 .
All requests must be labeled `` Your California Privacy Rights '' on the email subject line or envelope or post card .
For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to `` Your California Privacy Rights '' , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address ( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) .
We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile .
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or do not have complete information .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting .
Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site 's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes ; the form of such notice is at our discretion .
However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates .
Accuracy and Confidentiality .
It is your responsibility to give us current , complete , truthful and accurate information , including Personal Information , and to keep such information up to date .
We can not and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate , truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information .
We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false , fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID , if applicable , and for any charges , costs , expenses , damages , liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so .
You , and not us , are solely responsible and liable for the activity , behavior , use and conduct on the Site under your User ID ( whether used by you or any others who use your User ID ) , unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised , misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party .
We reserve the right to deny access , use and registration privileges to any user , including without limitation , a registered user , of any services , features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user 's account or any services , features or functions .
Further , if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site , please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities , as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes .
GameTrailers is in no way responsible for the accuracy , use , or misuse of any information , including Personal Information , that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly , even without your knowledge or authorization .
New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , California 90404. , c/o Privacy Administrator .
Sole Statement : This document is the sole statement of the Site 's Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , but not limited to , machine-generated , is valid .
Other : Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site .
Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement .
This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately .
Copyright 2011 Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved .
Grand Theft Auto V
Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag
Call Of Duty : Ghosts
Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain
Killzone : Shadow Fall
Batman : Arkham Origins
Pokemon X & Y
Game of the Year Awards 2012
GT Film Fest 2012
Copyright GameTrailers.com , all rights reserved .

Last revised June 5 , 2013
Our Commitment to Privacy
Gap Inc. and our brands , which include but are not limited to Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta ( collectively , `` Gap Inc. '' ) , value our customers and respect your privacy .
We collect information about you in our stores and through our websites in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products , services , contests and promotions .
As described in this policy , we may share your information among our brands and , under certain circumstances , with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service .
For Athleta customers only , we may share your postal address and shopping history with like-minded third parties for their direct mail marketing purposes as described below .
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you , why we collect it , how we use it , and when we share it with third parties .
Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information .
If our information practices change , we will post an updated policy on our website .
You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above .
If we change the policy in a material way , we will provide appropriate notice to you .
You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time .
If you have any questions about our privacy policy , please contact us as described in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
What kind of information does Gap Inc. collect ?
How does Gap Inc. use my information ?
Does Gap Inc. share my information ?
How do I access or change my information ?
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ?
How do I stop receiving Athleta catalogs ?
How does Gap Inc. protect kids ' privacy ?
How does Gap Inc. use cookies and other tracking technologies ?
How is my information used for behavioral or interest-based advertising ?
How do I know my personal information is secure ?
What is `` phishing '' ?
I received a suspicious email from a Gap Inc. brand regarding an order I did not place .
What should I do ?
I responded to an online job posting for a Gap Inc. job that requires me to upload personal financial information .
Is this part of your hiring process ?
What about links to other websites ?
How do I contact you ?
Your California Privacy Rights
What kind of information does Gap Inc. collect ?
We may collect personal information from you , such as your name , email address , postal address , phone number , credit card number , gender , birthday , personal interests , etc. , when you visit one of our websites or stores , place an order online or by phone , make an in-store purchase , save your information with us online , contact us with a question or concern , or participate in a contest , promotion , or survey .
We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores .
We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners , from unrelated third parties , and from our other brands .
How does Gap Inc. use my information ?
We may use your personal information in the following ways :
To process and fulfill your order , including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email , postal mail , telephone , text message , or other means about our products , services , contests , and promotions , unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions
To help us learn more about your shopping preferences
To help us address problems with and improve our site design , products and services
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business
To contact you if necessary
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls .
For instructions on opting out , please see the section entitled , `` How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? `` , below .
Does Gap Inc. share my information ?
We may share your personal information in the following ways :
When you provide personal information to one of our Gap Inc. brands ( Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , Athleta or Intermix ) , we may share that information with our other Gap Inc. brands .
If you purchase Athleta brand products through our website or by placing a catalog order by phone or mail , we may share your name , postal address , and shopping history with like-minded organizations whose privacy policies meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards , for their direct mail marketing purposes .
We do not share email addresses for such purposes .
We also do not share personal information about customers who only browse , email comments , request a catalog , or request email updates , or who purchase only Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , or Intermix merchandise .
If you would prefer that we not share information about you with other companies , please let us know by contacting Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
We may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf , such as fulfilling promotions , sending communications to our customers , conducting surveys , etc .
We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information .
We may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions to our customers .
We may share information about you if necessary , in our good faith judgment , to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena , order , or government request , or to protect the rights of Gap Inc. or others .
In addition , if you choose to participate in any third-party scrip , loyalty , or similar program in which a Gap Inc. brand is a participating vendor , and you authorize Gap Inc. or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program , we will share your personal information with that program .
Scrip programs allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on Gap Inc. purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations .
Loyalty programs allow you to earn `` points '' on purchases at Gap Inc. brands , which you may then use toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty programs in which you participate .
The information you authorize us to disclose to the third-party scrip or loyalty program may include your credit card number and the date and amount of your purchase , and may also include your name and other information you have asked us to provide .
Please note that once we disclose this information , the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy .
You should review these policies carefully , as we have no control over them .
In the unlikely event of a sale or merger of Gap Inc. or any of our businesses , our customers ' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets .
How do I access or change my information ?
You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites ( such as your name and contact information ) .
To access your information at a Gap Inc. website , simply sign in to your account using your email address and password , and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile .
You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request .
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ?
Gap Inc. and our brands , including Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta , want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us .
If you prefer not to receive promotional information , such as information about special offers and sales events , from one or more of our brands , you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from the Gap Inc. brand .
If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists , we will maintain your name in a `` do not contact '' file to ensure that we can honor your request .
It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request , during which period you may continue to receive communications from Gap Inc .
If you change your mind , you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences , by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or by contacting customer service .
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email .
We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order .
How do I stop receiving Athleta catalogs ?
If you no longer wish to receive Athleta catalogs or wish to alert us to duplicate mailings , please contact Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
Please provide your exact name , postal address , and email address so that your request can be effectively processed .
It may take up to 90 days in order for your information to be completely removed from our list .
How does Gap Inc. protect kids ' privacy ?
Gap Inc. is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet .
We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent .
Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children .
How does Gap Inc. use cookies and other tracking technologies ?
Our websites use `` cookies , '' which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website .
Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience .
For example , we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features , remember the items in your shopping cart , store your preferences , recognize you when you return to our website , track your orders , and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites .
Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information .
( See the section entitled , `` Does Gap Inc. share my information ? `` , above . )
We may also use our own cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites .
To opt out of this targeted online advertising that utilizes our cookies , please click here .
Please see the section below to learn more about behavioral or interest based online advertising that uses third party tracking technologies .
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites .
We also use `` pixel tags '' ( also called `` web beacons '' or `` clear gifs '' ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails .
Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising .
We work with service providers that help us track , collect , and analyze this information .
Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites .
This information may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer .
We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site .
We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites .
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages , such as when you receive , open , or click a link in an email message from us .
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from and about you .
This information may be used to improve our websites , to personalize your online experience , to tailor our communications with you , to determine the effectiveness of our advertising , and for other internal business purposes .
How is my information used for behavioral or interest-based advertising ?
We work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies ( including cookies and pixel tags ) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet .
These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications .
How do I know my personal information is secure ?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience .
We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information .
When you enter your personal information on our websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us .
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser .
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active .
To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser .
If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at any of our websites , please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled , `` How do I contact you ? `` , below .
What is `` phishing '' ?
`` Phishing '' is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email .
I received a suspicious email from a Gap Inc. brand regarding an order I did not place .
What should I do ?
We are aware of phony emails sent out under our brand names .
These emails did not originate from Gap Inc. , and individuals who received fraudulent order status emails have not been charged .
For your protection , do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious , unsolicited emails .
If you believe your personal computer has been compromised as a result of the scam , please consult an IT professional .
We work with law enforcement on their investigations of these kinds of fraudulent emails .
I responded to an online job posting for a Gap Inc. job that requires me to upload personal financial information .
Is this part of your hiring process ?
Gap Inc. does not ask prospective job applicants for information about their bank accounts , credit history or passwords to financial accounts .
If you are asked for personal financial or security information in response to a job application , this is likely a fraudulent job listing hosted by spammers posing as Gap Inc. to mislead job applicants .
You can validate all Gap Inc. job postings on gapinc.com/careers .
Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.com to mimic our company and/or brand names in an effort to commit identity theft or other forms of fraud .
What about links to other websites ?
For your convenience and information , our websites may contain links to other sites , which may have privacy policies that differ from our own .
We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site .
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites .
How do I contact you ?
For questions about our privacy policy , to make choices about receiving promotional communications , to update your personal information , or to place an order , you can contact any of our Gap Inc. brands by email , telephone , or postal mail :
5930 Gap Online Drive
Groveport , OH 43195-0002
1-800-GAPSTYLE ( 1-800-427-7895 )
1-888-906-1104 ( TDD hearing impaired )
Banana Republic Customer Services
5900 North Meadows Drive
Grove City , OH 43123-8476
1-888-BR STYLE ( 1-888-277-8953 )
1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired )
Old Navy Customer Services
200 Old Navy Lane
Grove City , OH 43123-8605
1-800-OLD-NAVY ( 1-800-653-6289 )
1-800-449-4253 ( TDD hearing impaired )
Grove City , OH 43123
1-877-PIPERLIME ( 1-877-747-3754 )
1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired )
5900 North Meadows Drive
Grove City , OH 43123
1-877-3ATHLETA ( 1-877-328-4538 )
1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired )
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Gap Inc. who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please write to us at the following address :
Gap Inc. - California Privacy Rights
San Francisco , CA 94105

Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
This internet site provides information of a technical nature and is designed for reference purposes only .
Please review the Terms of Use below before using this site .
Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use .
Please read this agreement carefully before accessing or using this site .
By accessing or using the site , you agree to be bound by this agreement .
The information and services on this site are provided by Gearslutz.com and its suppliers , subject to your agreement to the terms and conditions below .
Gearslutz.com can edit or delete messages as we see fit , it is our sole discretion .
This is for your benefit and is to ensure the forums stay friendly , fun and supportive .
If you feel unable to accept this rule , then we politely request that you find what you seek on forums elsewhere .
Posting to our discussion forums and entering into our chat room will be taken as acceptance of these rules .
You should ensure that you are aware of your legal responsibilities when using our forums .
Please note that contravention of these rules will lead to the removal of your message .
This forum is intended for members who have an interest in recording equipment .
It is intended for those seeking advice and support in relation to all recording matters .
IMPORTANT NOTE : It is not a place to air personal grievances you may have and under no circumstances should information about another person be divulged .
Do not flame or personally insult another user .
Please do not use Gearslutz.com discussion forums or chat rooms to harass , threaten or attack anyone , or behave in any way that would cause annoyance or distress to other users .
Please be tactful when posting in a forum or chat room where extra sensitivity is required .
Commercial messages and messages from businesses or organizations are discouraged .
These forums and chat rooms are for use by our members and non members - they are not to be aggressively used as a medium for marketing or selling to our users
You may not insult or defame Gearslutz.com , including any of its employees , moderators or freelancers .
You may not post the contents ( in part or whole ) of any email that you may receive from any Gearslutz.com employee or moderator without our prior permission .
Do not labour a point after a thread concerning the same point has been removed or has run it 's course
Do not post messages more than once .
This is also known as 'flooding ' .
Duplicate messages are very frustrating .
Do not behave in any way that disrupts the flow of an ongoing discussion or that spoils the atmosphere within the forum or chat room .
Do not impersonate another person .
Do not post chain letters , promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any 'network marketing ' businesses .
Do not collect or distribute personal data concerning other Gearslutz.com members without first obtaining the consent of Gearslutz.com and the members concerned .
Do not use the forums or chat rooms to make complaints about Gearslutz.com .
If you are unsatisfied about something , please consider other forum/ chat users , and email us directly
Do not recruit our members to join another website forum or chat group , whether personal or otherwise .
Adding a link to a specific personal website that is utterly relevant to both your posting and the forum topic is permitted on infrequent occasions .
If you have a suggestion for a new forum , please contact the site admin .
If you are approached to join another group/site as a result of your Gearslutz.com membership/posts on our forums , please advise us .
We encourage the exchange of information on the forums and adding an appropriate link to your posting links is invited .
However , obvious promotion of , or inappropriate links to , other known commercial websites , or any forum or chat groups are not permitted and may be removed .
If you are unsure whether a link or posting is allowed , Please ask us .
- we consider an 'appropriate link ' as one that is utterly relevant to both the posting and the forum topic .
- we consider a 'commercial ' site to be one which is funded or supported in any way by a profit making business .
- 'Any forum or chat group ' means anywhere on the web , regardless of topic , please see rule above .
We encourage a healthy exchange of opinions and disagreements are allowed ! By all means challenge an opinion but please do it respectfully .
Name calling , insults and foul and abusive language will not be tolerated .
This includes the use of offensive nicknames and usernames .
Be sure you want to give information , which is personal before you post a message .
Remember that anybody can read it .
That said , we respectfully ask that you use a proper name when posting to the forums , and keep with that name when posting .
If there is someone already posting with the same name , please alter your name to avoid confusion .
This is a UK site .
Please make your postings in English so they are understood by other members and our moderators .
We apologize but we ca n't allow members to post in a language other than English .
Gearslutz.com aims to bring the best of our community to a larger audience .
We may do this by quoting your discussion board messages in newsletters , throughout Gearslutz.com , in books , newspaper columns , radio and TV programmes .
When using your comments , we will identify you only by your Gearslutz.com member name .
We promise to be sensitive in this effort .
We will not republish anything that we think could be deemed personally endangering , inflammatory or embarrassing to you without your consent .
All members are responsible for the safety of their personal information .
We recommend that members do not disclose their name , address , email address , telephone number or other personal information online .
No Gearslutz.com employees or Gearslutz.com discussion forum moderators will ever request such details online .
All members are reminded that they may be held legally accountable for what they say or do online .
In particular , members may be held liable for any defamatory comments , threats and untrue statements or other illegal and fraudulent claims made by them .
Unfortunately , Gearslutz.com can not guarantee the prompt editing or removal of any content .
Neither Gearslutz.com nor its third party contractors are liable for the content of any material accessed via the internet , any adverse treatment of any information placed by a member anywhere on the internet , or any loss or damage that a member may suffer as a result .
We do not endorse opinions expressed by members of Gearslutz.com on its discussion forums , in its chat rooms or anywhere on the site where members can add their own content .
Gearslutz.com reserves the right , at its sole discretion , to remove material from Gearslutz.com discussion forums and member content areas at any time
Gearslutz.com discussion forums , member content areas , and chat rooms consist of information posted by third parties .
As a result , Gearslutz.com accepts no liability in respect to the accuracy or truthfulness of any advice , information or data posted online or any responsibility for the consequences of a member acting in reliance on such information .
Please also be aware of our disclaimer .
To protect other Gearslutz.com members
If members fail to observe the above Conditions of use at any time , Gearslutz.com reserves the right to exclude the member from the Gearslutz.com community ( including forums , chat rooms and member area ) depending on the nature and severity of the breach .
We reserve the right to deny access to Gearslutz.com 's community , including discussion forums and chat rooms , to members who repeatedly breach these Conditions of use .
Gearslutz.com reserves the right to change these Conditions of use at any time and will post details of the changes online .
Members accepting the Conditions of use agree that Gearslutz.com may release their information ( both present and past ) where Gearslutz.com believes that a member has breached the Conditions of use or used Gearslutz.com 's discussion forums or chat rooms to commit unlawful acts .
Gearslutz.com also reserves the right to disclose a member 's personal information where required to do so by law and where Gearslutz.com deems it appropriate in response to complaints of a substantial nature .
Use of our community services , including discussion forums , chat rooms and member areas will be taken as acceptance of these rules .
Please note that any contravention of these rules may lead to the removal of your message/content .
To the extent permissible by law , Gearslutz.com assumes no responsibility for information published on this site and disclaims all liability in respect of such information .
Gearslutz.com is not liable for any injury and/or damage to persons or property as a result of any actual or alleged libelous statements , infringements of intellectual property or privacy rights , or product liability , whether resulting from negligence or otherwise , including without limitation , from any use or operation of any ideas , instructions , procedures , products or methods contained in the material published on the site .
Gearslutz.com does not warrant that the information published on the site is accurate or free from error .
Information published within the site is intended solely for the purpose of providing general information .
Gearslutz.com 's failure to insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right .
This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales , and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts .
Visitors and members ' contributions to the website
We are pleased to receive your contributions to the website .
We point out that the website is international and is accessible throughout the world and that by contributing in any way to the website , as above , you are consenting to the publication of your contribution on Gearslutz.com .
Gearslutz.com reserves the right to edit any contributions where necessary .
The chat room service is intended to facilitate communication between members and non members , and the views expressed do not necessarily reflect those of Gearslutz.com .
The posting of defamatory comment or material that infringes the rights of others has no place in such discussions , and will not be permitted .
Although Gearslutz.com is not responsible for comments included in this area , it reserves the right to review postings and delete them if they are not appropriate and the user 's right to access the chat room may be rescinded .
Users should also be aware that such activities may subject them to civil actions or criminal penalties .
Any advertising on Gearslutz.com does not constitute a guarantee or endorsement of the quality or value of any products or of the claims made for them by the manufacturer .
Users are advised to verify product information with the manufacturer .
Copyright and Limited Reproduction Notices
This website and its contents are ( c ) Gearslutz.com April 11th 2002 or its Licensors .
All rights reserved .
Reproduction of all or any substantial part of the contents in any form is prohibited except that individual users may print or save portions of the site for their own personal use .
This license does not permit users to incorporate the material or any substantial part of it in any other work or publication , whether in hard copy or electronic or any other form .
In particular ( but without limitation ) no substantial part of the website may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose .
No substantial part of the website may be reproduced on or transmitted to or stored in any other website or other electronic retrieval system .
You agree to indemnify , defend and hold harmless Gearslutz.com , its affiliates and suppliers from any liability , loss , claim and expense ( including reasonable legal fees ) directly or indirectly related to ( i ) your breach of this agreement , and ( ii ) your posting of material to this site .
To the maximum extent permitted by law , Gearslutz.com and its suppliers disclaim all express and implied warranties with regard to the information , services , and materials contained on this site , including without limitation any implied warranties of care and skill , satisfactory quality , fitness for a particular purpose .
All such information , services , and materials are provided `` as is '' and `` as available '' without warranty of any kind .
We do not retain any credit card details for any transactions .
We require two working days notice for any ad campaign cancellations .
Refunds will be issued on a daily pro rata basis for any cancelled campaigns .

Groundspeak , Inc. is dedicated to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy pertains to the following services of Groundspeak :
GEOCACHING.COM website and mobile applications ;
WHERIGO.COM website and mobile application ;
GROUNDSPEAK.COM , including discussion forums
BLOG.GEOCACHING.COM website ; and
This Privacy Policy covers information that you give us about yourself as you use our websites , applications and other services , register to become a member or to receive information from us , or volunteer information .
Our services are hosted on servers located in the United States .
Our websites and applications use cookies and other common automated data collection technologies .
Please see `` How We Use Cookies '' for more information about these technologies and how you can opt out of their use .
By using any of the services above , you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU
A . Information You Give Us .
We receive and store any information you give us when interacting with our services or in any other way , including through Geocaching API-enabled third party applications or services .
Name and email address when registering for an account with us
Name , billing address , shipping address , phone number , email address and credit card information for purchase of Premium membership and purchases from Shop Geocaching ( shop.geocaching.com ) .
Profile information such as your home location , your profile photo , your occupation , your address , any photo uploads , etc .
Any information required by contest or sweepstakes entries or other promotions .
Information and content you provide through the discussion forums , your geocache and trackable logs or by email to us .
Email address when you sign up to receive our newsletter or other communications from us .
Email addresses of people you know when you participate in a referral program .
Information you provide in an application and resume when applying for a job with us .
Any information you choose to share with us as part of surveys you do for us ( or a third party acting on our behalf )
Information Collected Automatically .
When you use our services , we automatically receive and record information from your browser or mobile device , including :
The unique identifier for your mobile device
Time and date of access
If you 're accessing our services through one of our API partners , the name of the application you 're using
The user ID we 've assigned to the account through which you are accessing our services
Whether you are a Premium or Basic member
The latitude and longitude of any location-based search you perform
Version of our application that you 're using
The page you requested
Groundspeak uses cookies and other types of data collection technologies for different purposes , including recognizing our users and customizing certain features of our services and functions for repeat visitors .
See `` How We Use Cookies '' below for more information .
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Groundspeak will use your personal information collected in connection with our services , which may include your name , e-mail address , or other information unique to you :
For the purpose for which you gave it to us , such as account registration , Premium membership or Shop Geocaching purchases
For our own internal business purposes , such as analyzing the use of our services via Google Analytics and Quantcast , market research , and website and mobile application optimization .
To communicate with you about new products and services , to share information with you about our existing products and services , such as through our Geocaching and Shop Geocaching newsletters and other emails and to keep you informed of developments in geocaching and location-based entertainment-related activities .
To verify your identity .
To provide customer service and review issues with your account or your use of our services .
To allow you to share your experiences using our services with others .
To update you on changes to our services , this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use and other administrative communications .
To authorize payment , whether through secure third party credit card processing gateways or through other payment methods .
To improve our products and services .
To customize the content available through our services .
To allow you to login , share information or `` like '' us through a social network site account , such as Facebook and Twitter .
To create a convenient and easy-to-use shopping process on Shop.Geocaching.com that includes an online shopping cart .
To restrict access to our services or communicate with users who have violated our Terms of Use Agreement or otherwise violated our rights or the rights of others .
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as provided below , we do not share or sell information that identifies our users personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly .
We share your personal information as follows :
We may disclose personal information to other people who use our services if you choose to include personal information , such as your email address , photo or other details , in your public profile .
Your username and location and any other information or content you post publicly will be shared with others when you use the public features of our services , such as logging a geocache or participating in the discussion forums .
We license our API to partners who use it to develop other geocaching-related services , including websites and mobile applications .
Any information you have included on your public profile or geocache logs ( including photos ) will be accessible to them through the API .
Our API License Agreement requires our API partners to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to any information acquired through our API or submitted through use of their websites or mobile applications and to have their own privacy policy that provides at least the level of protection of this Privacy Policy .
We provide location information to our map providers without identifying you specifically for the purpose of enabling map functionality .
Additionally , we may partner with other companies to provide promotions .
If you choose to participate in the promotion , the information you provide may be shared as necessary to enable your participation and to allow the promotion sponsor to contact you .
Third Party Service Providers .
From time to time , we employ other companies and individuals to perform specialized functions on our behalf , such as secure credit card processing and email service providers .
They may have access to personal information needed to perform these functions but will be prohibited from using it for other purposes .
Protection of Us and Others .
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Groundspeak ; or ( b ) protect and defend our rights or property , our services , users or the public .
In the unlikely event that we sell a portion of or all of our business or in the event that we reorganize , customer records would likely be transferred to the acquiring company or new entity ; however , any personal information in those records will remain subject to the promises made in the pre-existing privacy policy .
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Groundspeak has implemented many security measures to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of your personal information .
We protect your account information through the use of a password .
To protect the confidentiality of your information you MUST keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
We also work to protect the security of your credit card information during transmission through the use of third party payment processors using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts the information you input .
However , keep in mind that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE
You can always choose not to provide information , even though it may be needed to use our services .
You can add or update certain information by signing in to your account and accessing your profile/account details .
If you do not want to receive our newsletter or marketing communications from us , you can click the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of the email you receive .
This will not affect our ability to send you communications regarding your account .
If you do not want to receive emails from us about specific geocaches or Trackables , you can change your preferences by logging into your account and removing these geocaches and/or Trackables from your Watchlist or bookmarks .
Please note that you can not disable notifications related to geocaches or Trackables owned by you .
If you have granted us access to your Facebook or Twitter account by linking , you can disconnect the link by logging into your account , accessing your profile and clicking the Facebook or Twitter icon to disconnect .
HOW WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies and common automated data collection technologies , including web beacons , clear GIFs associated with cookies and Adobe Flash local shared objects , on our websites and applications , in order to provide certain services , such as logging a geocache , and to allow you to sign up for information from us .
We gather date , time , certain information about a user 's browser and system or device configuration and capabilities , navigation history and IP address for all visitors to our websites .
We use this information for our system administration and security and to gather general information about our audiences and their geographic locations .
We place cookies that identify you , or allow third parties to do so on our behalf , for the following purposes :
to recognize you automatically when you return to our websites and mobile applications and to customize certain features and functions ;
to understand your interests in content , both our own content and that of other companies , on or across our websites and mobile applications ;
to make an automated record of your activities on our websites and mobile applications ; and
to manage , track and follow up on email campaigns .
We use Quantcast and Google Analytics cookies to track how groups or categories of users interact with our services .
You may use the tools in your browser to decline , disable , or delete any cookies .
You will still be able to log on as a member if you decline or delete our persistent cookie that enables automatic recognition , but many important features of our websites will not be available , e.g . you will not be able to log a geocache if persistent cookies have been disabled .
If you disable the session cookie for our websites , you may remain on the site but you will not be able to use Shop Geocaching and access certain other content .
Third party advertising cookies .
We allow other companies to serve ads on our web pages .
We do not control their use of cookies or other data collection technologies or practices .
We currently allow Google AdSense to serve ads on our websites .
Google uses other companies , such as PointRoll and Nielsen/Netratings to help it serve ads .
Google and some of the companies it works with may offer additional choices about your preferences .
Please visit the Google for more information about the technologies they use and their privacy practices .
Google is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative .
The NAI offers useful information about ad networks and a single place to turn off targeted ad serving from any of its members .
We may add or change the list of third party advertisers from time to time without changing the effective date of the Privacy Policy itself .
We urge you to check this section for changes regularly .
HOW CAN YOU CHANGE OR DELETE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE HAVE
Through the `` Your Profile '' tab on Geocaching.com , you can access `` Account Details '' to change or delete information yourself .
If you need help or have questions about changing or deleting the information we have collected , please email us or write to us at Groundspeak , Inc. , Attn : Corporate Counsel , 837 N. 34th Street , Suite 300 , Seattle WA 98103 .
For specific requests to remove or change your profile information on Shop Geocaching ( shop.geocaching.com ) , please email Shop Geocaching directly .
WHAT CAN I DO IF MY CHILD HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our services are not intended for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If we learn that personal information of someone less than 13-years-of-age has been collected through our services , then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information .
If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your minor child has obtained an account without your consent , then you may alert us via email and request that we delete that child 's personal information .
WHAT IF I DO NOT LIVE IN THE U.S
If you use our services outside of the United States , you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to , and the collection , processing and storage of your personal information in the United States .
The laws on holding personal information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country .
When we receive formal written complaints alleging Privacy Policy violations , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up and review compliance with this Privacy Policy .
Websites that link to or from our services may collect personal information about you , including any social networking sites to which you choose to link your account with us .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to , and can not control the activities of , those other sites .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this page .
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we use and protect your information .
If we provide notice of changes via email , you consent to receiving email notice of such changes .

TRUSTe online privacy certification
IMPLIX Sp . z o.o ( hereafter referred to as Implix ) realizes that you care how your information is processed and shared , and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly .
This document describes our Privacy Policy .
By visiting our website , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
Any personal information provided or acquired by Implix is controlled primarily by the Implix Company , Arkoska 6 , A3 , 80-387 Gdask , Poland .
We believe it is important to you , our Customer , to know how we treat the information about you which we receive during your visits to our site .
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect , disclose , and safeguard the aggregate information we receive when you visit and browse our website .
We encourage you to take the time to read this Privacy Policy as well as those of any other sites you visit , whether through a link on that site or otherwise .
Implix undertakes all commercially reasonable endeavors to keep all disclosed personal information secure .
Information collected through tracking and registration will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose without your express consent , except as provided in this Privacy Policy , or in a contract between Implix and you , our valuable Customer .
When you visit our website , we receive and may collect two types of information : ( 1 ) Site Use Information and Cookies , and ( 2 ) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose , which is collected on individual basis .
When you click on links on GetResponse you may leave our site .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites , and we encourage you to read their privacy statements .
You may also contact us by mail at : Arkoska 6 , A3 , 80-387 Gdask , Poland .
TRUSTe Program IMPLIX has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site , and does not cover other information , such as information that may be collected through other IMPLIX 's websites .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN
This Site is not intended for children , especially kids under 13 .
Children may use this Site only with the direct supervision of their parent .
Implix collects personal information from Customers who visit this Site and register with our GetResponse Service .
When the Customer registers with our GetResponse Service , we require : ( i ) username , ( ii ) password , ( iii ) email address , ( iv ) first and last name , ( v ) zip code , ( vi ) country and ( vii ) billing information such as billing address and credit card number ( ix ) tax id number .
We may also ask Customers to provide additional personal information such as ( i ) company name , ( ii ) title , ( iii ) education institution and ( iv ) other company and ( v ) personal details that the Customer may opt out of by not entering data when asked .
We use the Customers ' registration information to authenticate users and provide access to GetResponse Service .
We also use the email addresses used in the registration information to communicate with our Customers .
From time to time , Implix may contact you via email to notify you of changes to its Service , scheduled maintenance , information about Implix and promotional material from Implix .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
You agree and acknowledge that your information collected through this Site and related Services or in connection with the GetResponse Service may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which Implix maintains offices , including the United States .
Implix will not share , sell , rent or trade your personal information other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy .
We reserve the right to disclosure your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , Court order , or legal process served on our Website .
We use other third Parties such as a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services , an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf .
When you sign up for our services we will share your information as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for promotional purposes .
If Implix is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
Your Implix and GetResponse account information , your username , password and a customer 's profile are password-protected so that you have secure access to entering and editing personal data .
It is the users ' responsibility to protect the security of their password .
Access to GetResponse Service is protected by a unique username and password that is known to you only .
Implix has designed internal security processes that encrypt Customer 's password to protect it from being divulged or accessed by anyone other than you .
Neither Implix employees nor any of its contractors can obtain or access your password .
Neither Implix employees nor any of its contractors will ask you for your password via mail , email , telephone or in any other unsolicited manner .
Our servers automatically collect site use information , each time you visit our site .
The site use information includes , but is not limited to the following : the domain names , operating system in use ( e.g . Macintosh , Windows ) , browser ( e.g . Mozilla Firefox , Internet Explorer ) and version , the website which referred you to us , and other similar information .
This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits , average time spent on our website , pages viewed , time and date of visits , and other similar information .
We may use and disclose site use information , for example , to measure the use of our website , improve the content , explain the utility of our website and services we provide , and to extend their functionality .
As is true of most Web sites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes browser type , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information , which does not identify individual users , to analyze trends , to administer the site , to track users ' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information .
Similar to other commercial websites , the technology called `` cookies '' may be used to provide you with tailored information .
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then be stored on your hard drive , so we can recognize you when you return .
You may be able to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie .
Our cookies collect general information that enhances our ability to serve you and measure the utility of our website .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on your site .
The use of cookies by third party web analytics partner is not covered by our privacy statement .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
These third parties use session ID and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site .
Information we collect may be used to enhance your use of our website , and to provide you with a service that you ordered , arrange the website in the most customer friendly way , communicate special offers and featured items , and/or respond to your questions and suggestions .
In the case of an agreement , personal information includes data that identifies you as the specific individual , i.e . your name , email address , phone number , geographical address , and/or company name and company address .
This information is used to complete the account application process , customer 's information request , and/or to verify the validity of the request , and to process payment .
We will use this information solely for processing payments for services that you ordered .
Implix collects only personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily registering to our GetResponse Service .
Implix shall advise you which information is mandatory to provide and what you do not have to enclose .
When you send us an email , we use your email address to thank you for your comment and/or reply to your question , and we will store your communication and our reply for any future correspondence .
Beyond our initial reply , we will never use your email address to send you any unsolicited message or information , nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use .
When you accept to receive information about our services , promotions , newsletters , press releases , and/or new offers , we use your email address and any other information you give us to provide you with the information or other services , until you ask us to stop ( using the 'unsubscribe ' instructions provided with each email communication .
When you request information or other services from us , we use your email address and any other information you give us to provide you with the information or other services that you requested , until you ask us to stop ( using the 'unsubscribe ' instructions provided with each email , and/or on the site where you signed up , and/or as we otherwise provide ) , or until the information or service is no longer available .
We will never use your email address or other information to provide you with any unsolicited messages or information ( unless that is part of the service you are requesting ) , nor will we share it with or sell , rent or lease it to any third party for such use .
When you sign up for our forum you may receive emails from other users if you wish to allow them to send you emails , administrative emails as well as emails when you receive private messages .
You may change your preference at any time by going to User Control Panel .
Customers ' Private Information Policy
Implix recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of those who decided to entrust their sensitive information with you .
We make every effort to safeguard their security .
Implix will never use the information about the customers you collect within our services to send any information other than expressly provided by you , nor will we share it with or sell it to anyone else for such use .
Implix also ensures the implementation of legal notices in accordance with the relevant regulations .
We believe that keeping personal information secure is one of our most significant responsibilities .
We restrict access to Personal Information about you to those employees and others who need to know that information to assist us in our business , or to provide products or services to you .
We safeguard personal information , according to the established security standards and procedures , by maintaining physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to the personal data information .
When we request customers to enter sensitive information , such as credit card number , it is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry SSL and processed through a reputable payment processor .
While on the secure page , such as our order form , the lock icon at the bottom of web browsers , e.g . Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer , becomes locked , as opposed to unlocked or open , when you are just 'surfing ' .
All of our customers ' information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( e.g . our billing clerk or a customer service representative ) are personally granted access to sensitive information .
Implix stores its servers in a highly secure server environment , with surveillance and support to prevent unauthorized access and data security .
We can not guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted over the Internet and through servers that are out of our control .
We strive to protect your personal information but Implix can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to our website or Services .
Any data transmissions you make over the Internet are done so at your own risk .
Once we receive the data transmission , we make our best efforts to ensure its security and privacy on our systems .
Google Analytics and Google AdWords are used on the Site by either the Participant or a third party on the Site .
If you use a blog or forum on this Web site , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these blogs and forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
In order to use the forum on our site you are required to register .
We ask for a username and password .
We use this information for the sole purpose of creating a forum profile for you .
Once you have registered you are able to enter ID 's for instant messaging services such as AOL and Yahoo .
We collect this information only you have secure access to post comments on our blog and forums .
You are also able to upload a photo of yourself to use as your avatar , you may delete this image at any time .
Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider
You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests on our site .
If you participate , we will request certain personal information from you .
Participation in these contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
The requested information typically includes contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code ) .
We use this information to be able to send the prize to the winner of the contest .
We post customer testimonials/reviews on our web site which may contain personal information .
We do obtain the customer 's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial/review to post their name along with their testimonial/review .
View , Change or Remove Information
You may change or delete your profile information at any time by going to your profile page and clicking 'My Account ' option from the menu , then the information will be updated .
Implix will respond to you to review the information within 20 days .
If you want to stop using your account you may delete it .
When you delete an account , it is permanently deleted .
You should only delete your account if you are certain you never want to use it .
Deleted information may persist in backup copies for up to 30 days , but will not be available to others .
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time .
Unless stated otherwise , our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by publication here prior to the changes taking effect .
If , however , we make material changes or Implix is going to use users ' personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via our website prior to the change becoming effective .
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
However , if users have opted out of all communication with the site , or deleted their account , then they will not be contacted , nor will their personal information be used in this new manner .
Information posted by users in online blog updates , public forums , online bulletin boards may be displayed on GetResponse 's services .
`` Us , '' `` we , '' `` our , '' `` GR '' and `` GetResponse '' mean the same .
`` You '' and `` Customer '' mean the same .
`` Effective Date : 8/13/2013 is the last date that the company 's privacy practices or privacy statement disclosures were approved by TRUSTe .

Games for girls Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ( hereafter referred to as the `` Privacy Policy '' ) is applicable to our websites and to all games and other activities that are offered by us on or through our websites .
( Our websites , all the web pages that are part of the websites , and such games and activities are hereafter collectively referred to as the `` Websites . '' )
SPIL GAMES BV , having its registered office at Arendstraat 23 , 1223 RE , Hilversum , the Netherlands ( hereafter referred to as `` SPIL '' ) , is the responsible party as referred to in the Dutch Personal Data Protection Act ( Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens ) .
SPIL may use affiliates ' or reputable third parties ' services for the processing of personal data collected on or through the Websites .
By using or accessing our Websites , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
1.1 Our Websites offer a diverse , current , and exciting mix of online games created by SPIL , as well as games created by independent developers and SPIL partners .
Players can access our Websites to play games without registering ; however , they may choose to register to create a public or semi-public profile and to save games , high scores , and comments on this profile .
Also , visitors to the Websites will be able to rate games and browse for the newly added , top-rated , and most-popular games .
The Information We Collect
The information that our Websites collect includes ( among others ) the following :
a ) IP address , Cookies , and Web Beacons
2.1 When you visit our Websites , our servers automatically save your computer 's IP address .
IP addresses will be collected , along with information about the actual web pages that you visit on the Websites .
If you arrive at the Websites via a link from another website , the URL of the linking website and the URL of any website that you link to next will also be collected .
2.2 In addition , we store certain information from your browser , using `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer and is tied to information about the user .
SPIL may use cookies , web beacons ( web bugs ) , or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience on the Websites , including the following :
( a ) to operate and improve offerings on the Websites ;
( b ) to help authenticate you when you are on the Websites ;
( c ) to remember your preferences and registration information , as applicable ;
( d ) to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of SPIL 's offerings , advertisements , and email communications ; and
( e ) to customize the content and advertisements provided to you through the Websites .
2.3 SPIL may also use ad network providers to help present advertisements on the Websites .
These ad network providers use cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies to help the presenting , better targeting , and measuring of the effectiveness of their advertisements , using data gathered over time and across their networks of web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audiences .
SPIL offers some services in connection with other websites .
Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to SPIL in order to deliver these services .
SPIL processes such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
2.4 SPIL may also use third-party payment service providers ( `` PSP '' ) , offering payment transaction services to SPIL in order to sell a product or service through the Websites .
Whenever you buy something from the Websites ( e.g. , a virtual game item or a subscription for a game download ) , the information that you provide to the PSP is subject to their privacy policies , not ours .
You explicitly consent that SPIL may provide personal information collected from you to a PSP for the purpose of the offering of the payment-transaction service whenever you buy something from the Website ( s ) and that such PSP may use such data for ( statistical ) analysis of payment transactions .
SPIL shall be allowed to notify a PSP regarding a user that engages in ( or who a party believes has engaged in ) any activity that is illegal , that violates any person 's rights , or that led to such user 's suspension or termination of use of the Websites .
2.5 SPIL may share demographic information ( certain anonymous information about you as a user , such as age and country ) with certain ad network providers to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks .
The use of cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies by such third parties as ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
2.6 Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can ( re ) set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
You can opt out of receiving cookies from certain third-party advertising networks by resetting your browser.You may also use the following link to the Network Advertising Initiatives cookies opt-out page or the link to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ( EDAA ) opt-out page .
However , some features and services may not function properly if cookies are disabled .
2.7 You may choose to register with us for a better game experience and/or to create a public or semi-public profile for participating in our social gaming network .
This includes , for example : overviews of high scores , achievements listings , and individual game recommendations on the Websites .
When you register with us , you provide us with certain personal information , such as a username , date and month of birth , and your email address .
The information you disclose in that respect may also become publicly accessible .
We provide you with privacy settings that restrict other users from accessing your information ; namely , our network architecture and your privacy settings allow you to make informed choices about who has access to your information .
We allow you to choose the information you provide to friends and networks through our Websites .
When your privacy settings permit it , other users may be able to see and supplement your profile ( e.g. , by posting comments ) .
2.8 If you decide to disclose information in a public venue or in games , we will consider that information as part of the public domain .
This information will be accessible to any person who uses the Websites .
2.9 We only collect email addresses that were provided to us directly by you .
Your email address will only be used for the following purposes :
( i ) the promotion of ( new ) games ;
( ii ) service emails ( on updates , new design , new features , etc . ) ;
( iii ) administrative purposes , such as notification of violation of our Terms of Use ;
( iv ) delivering messages you have allowed us to pass on ( e.g. , from other people in your social network ) .
2.10 Without your approval , we will not :
( a ) make your email address visible on the Website ;
( b ) use your email address for purposes other than those described in article 2.9 hereof ;
( c ) transfer your email address or other personal information to third parties , except in those limited cases as described in this Privacy Policy .
c ) Combination of Personal Data
2.11 For optimizing our services and the Websites , and for the purposes mentioned in this article 2 , we are entitled to combine your personal data ( including your email address , as applicable ) with other information about you collected by or provided to us .
To Whom Does SPIL Provide This Information
3.1 SPIL may provide information to any party whose services it engages for the purposes of its normal operations ( for example , those partners who assist us by providing technical or operational facilities for the Websites and so forth ) .
We may also supply information to other parties if we are required to do so by law or by a ruling handed down by a court of law .
SPIL does not provide personal details to other parties for commercial , advertising , or marketing purposes , except if you explicitly give us permission to do so , or if doing so is part of a specific program or operation for which you have registered .
In such case , you may withdraw your permission at any time .
Why Do We Collect Information
4.1 We use personal details and other information to maintain the general and personified content and functionality of the Websites .
In addition , we use personal details to make it possible to accommodate your requests , and so that we are able to provide you with service when using ( one of ) our Websites and for the purposes set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy .
Access to the Information We Have Collected about You
5.1 Your personal data will be stored by SPIL .
5.2 Users with a personal profile on the Websites may review , update , or delete personal data collected by us by clicking on the appropriate link in the personal profile .
6.1 You post personal data and any other content on the Websites at your own risk and in accordance with article 7 ( `` Your Responsibilities '' ) of the Terms of Use .
Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to such personal data and other content , please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
We can not control the actions of other users with whom you choose to share your profile and information .
Therefore , we can not and do not guarantee that any content you post on the Websites will not be viewed by unauthorized persons .
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites .
You understand and acknowledge that , even after removal , copies of personal data or content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages , or if other users have copied or stored your personal data or content .
6.2 We have implemented appropriate measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to correctly use the information we collect online .
Your personal data visible on the Websites ( such as any public comments posted by you and/or any data in your profile ) are accessible to third parties , and you acknowledge and agree that such third parties are able to copy such information to their own websites or other locations .
6.3 Your personal data will only be stored for a period necessary for your uses of the Websites for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy .
7.1 We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy .
Amendments will be effective as of the moment of publication on the Websites .
You should check the Websites regularly for amendments .
7.2 The Internet is a global environment , and using the Internet necessarily involves the collection and processing of personal data on an international basis .
Therefore , by using ( one or more of ) our Websites , you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way .
7.3 Our Websites may contain links to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites .
We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us .
7.4 In the event of a transfer of ( one of our ) Websites to a third party , we may transfer to such third party all personal information that we collected about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
In such an event , users who have provided email addresses to us will be notified when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
7.5 We also have Terms of Use that are applicable to your use of the Websites .
In the case of a contradiction between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy , this Privacy Policy prevails .
7.6 This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the Netherlands .

Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access the Site .
Your use of Site in indicates you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Service in effect .
The Company is the sole owner of the information collected on the Site .
The Company may collect information from our users at several different points on the respective sites .
Comments - In order to enhance their use of the Site users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest .
Commenters may register anonymously .
However , if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Service ( e.g . libels them ) , then in accordance with our Terms of Service , we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation .
If we are required to by law to disclose commenters ' contact information , we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests .
Please refer to our Terms of Service for more information .
Mailing Lists & Service Emails - The Site may launch a mailing list , in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news , or weekly or daily round-ups , for example .
In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site 's mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests .
This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization .
Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site .
The Site may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services .
Most of the time , these will be content from the site in question , but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor .
This will be infrequent , and does not represent an endorsement by the Site of any products advertised therein .
It will clearly be marked as advertising .
Since editorial independence is critical to us , you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review .
If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers , please do not sign up for the mailing list .
Comment Service and Cookies - In order to further enhance the user experience , the Site runs a comment service on some or all these sites where users can discuss common topics of interest .
Users have the option of signing up for this service , and to do so must submit some valid information .
The Site uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Service and to pick out topics of interest to commenters .
The Site will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form .
The Comment Service may use cookies .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
For the session ID cookie , once users close the browser , the cookie simply terminates .
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user 's hard drive for an extended period of time .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user 's Internet browser help file directions .
We store a cookie on each user 's machine that contains user specific information .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you reject all cookies , you will not be able to use the Site products or services that require you to `` sign in , '' and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
However , not all the Site services require that you accept cookies .
Links - The Site contain links to other sites .
Please be aware that the Site is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site
Log Files - Like most standard Website servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement .
First Party Ad Serving - The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by Google 's DoubleClick , our web advertising vendor .
The Site uses only first party data about your visits to this site to serve ads to you .
First party data only includes information collected during your current search or visit to our websites .
First party data that we collect is not shared with any other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery , ad reporting , and contextual advertising .
As such , The Site is not a participant in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Third Party Advertising and Cookies - Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us .
The Site has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements from third parties .
These advertisers may be engaging in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC .
Opt-out - As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy , we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first party ad server and many third party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising :
In the event the Site goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , the Site may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on the Site or affiliates .
The Site has technical , administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to , use or disclosure of user information we maintain .
Under our security practices and policies , access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access , and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal .
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store , no program is one hundred percent secure and we can not guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access , use or disclose personal information .
We will work with you to address any problems .
Whenever the Site changes its privacy policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
Contact Information/ QUESTIONS / GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
Times Internet Limited 4th Floor , 'I ' World Tower ,
DLF City Phase V , Opposite DLF Golf Course Gurgaon ,
Haryana 122002 , India
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint : -
a ) Identification of the information provided by you
b ) Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information
c ) Your address , telephone number or e-mail address .
d ) A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization , as the case may be
e ) A statement , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notice is accurate , and that the information being complained about belongs to you .
You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above .

Welcome to the website of glispa ( Site ) .
We are owned and operated by glispa GmbH ( glispa ) .
glispa collects and stores only the following information about you : the name of the domain from which you access the Internet , the date and time you access the Site , and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Site . glispa uses this information for internal purposes only , including to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the Site , and to help make the Site more useful to visitors .
If you identify yourself by sending an email to glispa , glispa may collect and store your email address and any other information provided by you in your email . glispa may also contact you and/or send you information via your email address .
If you provide glispa with your telephone number , glispa may contact you by telephone .

General Motors Company U.S. Consumer Privacy Statement
Last modified : December 19 , 2013
Your privacy is important to General Motors Company ( GM or we ) as is your trust in GM 's products and services .
We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care .
This Privacy Statement addresses what personal information we collect and how we handle the personal information shared with us .
View the California Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we obtain from and about individuals interacting with GM and its websites , products and services .
It does not apply to personal information we obtain in our capacity as an employer .
This Privacy Statement covers all GM businesses and subsidiaries in the U.S. except for OnStar LLC and General Motors Financial Company , Inc. which have their own Privacy Statements .
Additionally , mobile applications have separate privacy statements , as described in the Mobile Applications section below .
As you interact with GM , there may be opportunities for you to provide us with your information .
Additionally , we may collect certain information about you or your vehicle as further described below .
You may provide us with information about you or your vehicle through a number of sources : GM websites , product and related events , test drive or other incentive applications , surveys , social media platforms ( i.e. , when you register for a GM sponsored sweepstakes via the GM Facebook Fan page ) , sweepstakes entries and through our customer call centers .
We receive information about you through vehicle sales records provided by your dealer and we may obtain , with your consent , data obtained from your vehicle 's Event Data Recorder ( EDR ) as described in your owner 's manual ( i.e. , how various systems in your vehicle operate , the speed and distance of your vehicle ) .
For additional information about EDR data , please see your owner 's manual .
We also may obtain information about you and your vehicle from GM affiliates , GM dealers , GM licensees for consumer merchandise , GM credit card bank partners and other sources such as companies that provide lists of potential vehicle purchasers and current owners , if such companies are permitted to share your information with us pursuant to their privacy statements .
The types of information that GM collects about you may include , but are not limited to :
contact information ( such as name , address , city , state and ZIP code , email address and telephone number )
vehicle information ( such as vehicle identification number ( VIN ) , make , model , model year , selling dealer , servicing dealer , date of purchase or lease and service history )
vehicle performance data ( such as engine and transmission performance , airbag deployment conditions or crash or near crash information about how a vehicle 's systems performed )
demographic information ( such as age range , marital status and household composition )
non-credit-related marketing profile information ( such as when you plan to purchase or lease ; the vehicle in which you 're interested )
relationships you have with GM in addition to the purchase and servicing of your vehicle ( such as through a GM Card or OnStar )
incentive eligibility verification information ( such as college name , branch of service or credit union name for vehicle purchase programs )
Social Security Number ( in limited circumstances GM may collect SSN , for example if you win a sweepstakes or receive compensation that must be reported for government tax purposes )
investor information ( name , address , phone number and email address )
stockholder services information ( such as account information )
photographs such as those that you may submit for contests or sweepstakes
The information GM collects about you and your vehicle will be used :
to provide products and services
to maintain customer relationships
to operate GM websites
to provide customer and vehicle support and service ( such as recall information or warranty service )
to provide information and product updates
to evaluate vehicle performance and safety as described in the vehicle owner manual
for safety and product research purposes
to verify eligibility for vehicle purchase or incentive programs
to customize and improve communication content
to comply with legal requirements
You may choose to forward information from one of our websites or emails to another person through our Forward to a Friend program .
Email addresses submitted to our E-card or other Forward to a Friend programs will not be captured for later use in marketing unless the recipient opts into receiving additional marketing materials from GM .
GM has developed certain mobile applications that you may download to your mobile device or vehicle ( GM Applications ) .
When you download a GM Application , there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with or for us to obtain information about you or your vehicle .
Each GM Application will display a separate Privacy Statement that will inform you about how any information shared via the application will be handled and how to decline such use or uninstall the application .
Through the Infotainment system , GM may also offer applications developed by third parties ( 3rd Party Application ) .
When you download a 3rd Party Application to your mobile device or vehicle , the 3rd Party Application may collect information about you in connection with your download or use of that application .
GM is not responsible for the collection or use of information by 3rd Party Applications .
We recommend that you carefully review the privacy statement of each 3rd Party Application prior to downloading or using them .
GM may share the information it collects about you or your vehicle in the following instances :
as required by law , such as in conjunction with a subpoena , government inquiry , litigation , dispute resolution or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud or respond to a law enforcement request
with our services providers who work on our behalf and who do not have an independent right to use the information to which they have access or that we disclose to them
with our business partners for GM marketing activities , business partner marketing activities or both
with third parties for research and development purposes ( such as university research institutes for improving highway safety )
in connection with the sale , transfer or financing of a significant part of a GM business or its assets , including any such activities associated with a bankruptcy proceeding
within GM , with our subsidiaries and affiliates , with GM dealers and with GM licensees ; however , transaction information regarding your GM Card will not be shared with GM dealers .
Apart from the purposes listed above , GM will not share information about you or your vehicle with other third parties for their independent use without your permission .
How to Manage Your Personal Information/Communications Preferences
This will allow you to opt out of telephone and email communications and/or to change previously submitted opt-out preferences .
You can also call 1-866-MYPRIVACY ( 1-866-697-7482 ) to opt out of direct mail communications , as well as telephone and email communications , and/or to change previously submitted opt-out preferences .
If you have subscribed to a particular email newsletter or other communication ( such as My GMLINK Service Reminders ) , you should follow the instructions in the email or on a related website to unsubscribe .
GM and GM dealers are separate legal entities with their own privacy practices .
For questions about your dealer 's privacy practices including opting out of marketing communications from your dealer , please contact your dealer directly .
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications from GM , your personal information will not be used for marketing , but may still be used for the other purposes described in this Privacy Statement ( such as vehicle support and service ) .
GM uses administrative , technical and physical security to protect the personal information we maintain and to help ensure that it is used according to this Privacy Statement .
GM websites use cookies to remember user preferences and to maximize the performance of our website and services .
Using cookies on our websites provides benefits to you , such as allowing you to maintain your account login information or contact information on Request a Quote forms between visits , or locating a nearby dealer .
Similarly , we may also place Web beacons in our emails to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message , when an email message is opened , how many times an email message is forwarded , the type of software , device , operating system and browser used to deliver the email and any URL accessed through our email message .
To measure site activity and provide a better user experience , we may allow our service providers or business partners to compile information from the cookies , Web beacons or other technologies on our websites which may include information about your visit ( such as demographic data , browser type , IP address , pages visited , activities conducted on the page and the day and time of your visit ) .
We may also allow third party advertising and personalization partners to use this information to develop personalized content and appropriate advertising based on your visits over time on GM web sites and non-GM web sites .
This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns or to tailor promotions and other marketing messages to you .
At this time , we do not currently honor do no track signals from a web site browser .
However , you may refuse or delete cookies .
Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use .
If you elect to refuse or delete cookies , you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer , or change browsers .
If you choose to decline cookies , some of the functionality of a website may be impaired .
Opting out of relevant advertising will not opt you out of all advertising , but rather only those advertisements that are personalized to your interests by GM or its agents or representatives .
If you choose to decline cookies , some of the functionality of a website may be impaired .
GM websites may contain links to third-party sites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement , such as those belonging to GM dealers , GM licensees , co-branded websites offered in conjunction with a business partner , or independent product review sites .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of other sites you visit before providing any personal information .
When you buy or lease a GM vehicle from a GM dealer , the dealer will share your information with GM as the vehicle manufacturer .
Please be aware that each dealer operates as a separate legal entity and you should read the dealer 's privacy statement to ensure that you understand its privacy practices and procedures .
Additionally , because the GM dealer often is the first contact with you , the dealer can answer any questions you may have about its privacy practices .
While GM encourages its dealers to ensure full compliance with all applicable privacy legislation and has provided information to our dealers relating to privacy obligations , GM is not responsible for dealers ' compliance with applicable law .
When completing a purchase or lease agreement or signing a service repair order with the GM dealer , you should be provided with information describing the dealership 's privacy practices and related policies that explain that certain personal information that you provide to the dealer may be shared with GM or others in accordance with this Statement .
GM websites do not target or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 .
GM affiliates in the United States ( GM US ) adhere to the U.S. EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce ( collectively , European Safe Harbor ) as a data processor for certain European customer personal data transfers to the United States .
Specifically , GM U.S. acts as a data processor for its GM affiliated companies in Europe ( GM Europe ) when it provides data hosting , technical support , or otherwise obtains incidental access to data about identified or identifiable users of GM Europe 's products and services , including Infotainment services ( European Customer Data ) .
Each GM Europe company acts as a controller of its own European Customer Data , and GM U.S. acts as a data processor for these GM Europe companies .
Individuals that use products or services offered by a GM Europe company may therefore wish to raise any privacy questions with such GM Europe company directly , including filing any requests to access European Customer Data or exercise other privacy rights .
Such individuals may also raise questions with GM U.S. as per the contact details below .
Privacy Inquiries and Correcting Your Information
If you have concerns or questions regarding GM 's consumer privacy practices or this Privacy Statement , please refer to the frequently asked questions that follow , or you may contact us at 1-866-MYPRIVACY ( 1-866-697-7482 ) .
To have your mail , email or telephone information updated please call one of the following Customer Assistance Centers that is specific to your vehicle :
For inquiries about how the information you submit to the Investor Information portion of GM 's website or to GM Stockholder Services is handled , please call 313-667-1432 .
You may correct GM credit cardmember information , such as name , address , phone number and email address , by logging onto gmcard.com , gmflexcard.com , gmextendedfamily.com or gmbusinesscard.com and going to the Account or Online Banking portion of the website .
You can also call the Customer Center for your Account .
GM Flexible Earnings Card 800-388-9107
GM Extended Family Card 800-419-6698
GM Business Card 800-446-5347
You may change your GM Vehicle Preferences and email address by logging into the Earnings portion of the site and clicking on GM Vehicle Preferences or GM Profile .
You may correct the contact information ( name , address , phone number and email address ) you provide on the GM Cardmember Services website by using My Profile .
If you have a question or concern about the privacy practices of the GM Cardmember Services website , please contact us by sending an email from the Contact Us page or by writing to us at : GM Cardmember Services , 100 Renaissance Center , 482-A00-MAR , Detroit , MI 48265 .
For GM Family First participants , you may correct your information by contacting your Human Resources representative or updating your information via Socrates .
For Vehicle Purchase Plan ( VPP ) participants , you may correct your personal information by visiting the following VPP websites .
GM Dealership Employee Discount
Credit Union Discount from GM
Changes to Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time .
We will do so by posting additions or modifications to this page .
Effective date : September 1 , 2011
Last modified : December 19 , 2013
Q1 : How long will my opt-out preferences last ?
A : Your GM telephone and email opt-out preferences will be honored in accordance with applicable law and will remain in effect unless you take action to opt back in to receiving materials from us ( for example by Request a Quote or completing a Business Reply Card ) .
Your GM direct mail opt-out preferences will expire three ( 3 ) years from the date of your submission .
You can change or update your opt-out preferences by clicking here .
Q2 : Does my vehicle have a black box to record data ?
A : GM vehicles , like other modern motor vehicles , have a number of sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects of the vehicle 's performance .
GM vehicles use on-board vehicle computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel economy , to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and , if so equipped , to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control the vehicle in difficult driving situations .
Some information may be stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected malfunctions ; other information is stored only in a crash event by computer systems , such as those commonly called event data recorders ( EDR ) .
To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy , refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicle 's owner manual .
Q3 : Does my vehicle have an RFID feature that transmits my personal information ?
A : No , many GM vehicles contain sensing and transmitting devices using the same type of radio frequency transmission technology used in RFIDs that can contain personal information .
These devices are used to perform functions such as checking tire pressure .
The devices do not store or transmit personal information .
To learn more about vehicle recording and privacy , refer to the Vehicle Data Recording and Privacy section of your vehicle 's owner manual .

1 & 1 Mail & Media Inc .
( `` GMX '' ) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy to our customers and users of this website .
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which GMX uses , maintains and discloses information collected from its customers and users of its website .
GMX does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes .
GMX understands , however , that parents , guardians , or other adults often register our products for family use , including use by minors .
Because some information is collected electronically , it may appear to be that of the registered GMX customer , and will be treated as such by this privacy policy .
If we learn that that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to GMX we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible .
GMX may request or collect personal information from online users in a variety of ways , including through online forms for ordering products and services , and other instances where users are invited to volunteer such information .
The data we collect is information that identifies you personally , and may include :
You can remove or modify your personal information at any time by logging in to your account at GMX and navigating to Options - > Account - > Account Data .
To delete your account in its entirety , please navigate to Options - > Account - > Delete Account and follow the instructions under Delete Account .
For more information on managing your account see the help section in your GMX account .
GMX may also collect information about how users access the website using a tracking ID unique to each user through the use of cookies .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
For session ID cookies , once you close your browser or log out , the cookie terminates and is erased .
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your computer 's hard drive for an extended period of time .
Your browser 's help file contains information and instructions for removing persistent cookies .
Session ID cookies may be used by GMX to track user preferences while the user is visiting the website .
They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing .
Persistent cookies may be used by GMX to store whether , for example , you want your password remembered or not , and other information .
Cookies used on the GMX website do not contain personally identifiable information .
Like most standard websites , we use log files .
This information may include internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
However , none of the information stored in our log files , including but not limited to IP addresses , is linked to personally identifiable information .
How we use this information
GMX may use the personally identifiable information collected by GMX to contact customers regarding products and services offered by GMX and , to the extent the user has agreed to it , by its trusted affiliates , independent contractors and business partners .
We may also use this information for research purposes regarding the effectiveness of our website services , marketing , advertising and sales efforts .
Except as outlined below , GMX will not in any way share this information with a third party unless you specifically authorize such disclosures .
GMX does not sell or rent your contact information to third parties .
GMX may also disclose aggregate , anonymous data based on information collected from users to investors and potential partners .
In such cases , only statistical information will be disclosed and personally identifiable data will be kept confidential .
In case GMX is sold , the information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners .
GMX may from time to time engage third parties , including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies , to preserve , analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by GMX from its customers .
In all such cases , third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as GMX and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party , except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy .
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , GMX may need to disclose personal information when required by law , or to comply with a judicial proceeding , a court order , subpoena or other legal process served on GMX , in GMX 's sole discretion .
GMX may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance , disclosure is necessary .
Special Offers and Updates
Our customers and users will occasionally receive newsletters or emails with information on products , services , or special offers .
Out of respect for the privacy of our users , GMX gives them the opportunity to opt-out from receiving these types of communications .
To opt out of all non-service related communications please follow the instructions included in the mailing you receive .
On rare occasions , it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement , if , for instance , our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance .
Generally , users may not opt-out of these communications , though they can deactivate their account .
However , these communications are not promotional in nature .
The GMX website contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that GMX is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
The GMX Privacy Policy as described herein applies solely to informationm collected by GMX .
The information provided to GMX is saved indefinitely and may be stored on one or more databases directly or indirectly maintained by GMX .
GMX employs industry-standard security measures to protect the confidentiality of the information .
While we can not guarantee that loss , misuse or alteration of data will not occur ; we make every effort to prevent such occurrences .
You are responsible for the security of your Customer ID and passwords .
Make sure you keep them in a safe place and do not share them with others .
Always remember to log out after your session ends to ensure that others can not access your private personal information .
You should take this precaution even if you are not using a public computer , such as at a library or internet caf , but even when using your private computer in your home .
Any questions concerning this Privacy Policy may be posted on the customer support bulletin board .

At Universal Uclick ( `` Uclick '' ) , we respect your right to privacy and we understand that visitors to Universal Uclick 's Web Sites need to control the uses of their personal information .
Universal Uclick does not intend to collect any personal information from children under 13 unless Universal Uclick believes such collection to be permitted by law ; please read below for Universal Uclick 's policy with respect to children under 13 .
What does the this Privacy Policy cover
This policy covers the treatment and use of personally identifiable information that is collected by Universal Uclick , at any of its owned , operated or affiliated Web sites and when you sign up to use any of the services provided at the sites .
This policy does not cover information that may or may not be collected by companies or Web sites that Universal Uclick does not own or control .
This policy also does not guide the behavior of individuals not employed by Universal Uclick .
How is my personally identifiable information used by Universal Uclick
Universal Uclick is the sole owner of the information collected from the Universal Uclick service .
Your Personal Information can only be collected when you voluntarily provide it .
What is `` Personal Information
Personal Information is individually identifiable information about a person .
This information can include a first and last name , credit card number , a home , billing or e-mail address or a personal identifier that reveals an individual 's e-mail address , or a telephone or social security number .
Personal information also includes a persistent identifier , such as a customer number held in a cookie ( See below for definition of `` cookie '' ) , where such identifier is associated with individually identifiable information .
Universal Uclick gathers user information to provide you with a customized experience on our sites and other services .
Your user information helps us tailor the content , services , goods and advertising to your current and future needs .
For this reason , we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of our site , register for free services , order products , enter contests or subscribe to a newsletter .
If you choose not to register , you may not have access to areas that require personal identification .
If you subscribe to our site ( s ) for premium content services , Universal Uclick will gather user information and personal information to grant you access to the site ( s ) .
Universal Uclick may use third parties to accept and process orders and credit card purchases for subscriptions , merchandise and products .
If you choose not to register you may not have access to subscription areas that require personal identification .
If you register with our site ( s ) for daily e-mail delivery , subscription services or purchase products from us , from time to time , we may e-mail you with informative messages about our services or third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you , such as new features and services , special offers and updated information .
These e-mails may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mail , including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links ( if any ) were clicked .
We will combine that information to other information we have about you and may use that information to improve your site experience and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you .
Universal Uclick might gather some personal information specific to participating in mobile messaging programs .
The information requested may include contact , mobile phone numbers , carriers , and models for product delivery , and demographic information .
When does Universal Uclick collect my information , including personally identifiable information
When you register , Universal Uclick asks for your e-mail address , a user selected user name , and other information .
Once you are a registered user you can update your profile and may be able to provide additional preferential information ( e.g . a member name , a nickname , and certain user preferences ) .
Universal Uclick may also ask for other optional information .
( See below on Universal Uclick 's policy with respect to children under 13 )
When you subscribe , Universal Uclick asks for your e-mail address , a user selected user name , password and other necessary financial information to process the order .
Credit card information is collected by Universal Uclick , however , the specific credit card number is not stored within the Universal Uclick System .
Contact information from the order is used to fulfill premium purchases to our registered users and to get in touch with the user when deemed necessary .
Once you are a subscribed user you can update your profile and may be able to provide additional preferential information .
Universal Uclick may also ask for other optional information .
( See below on Universal Uclick 's policy with respect to children under 13 )
Order Forms and Products Store
Universal Uclick also uses an order form for users to request information , products and services .
For that order form , we collect a user 's contact information ( e-mail address ) and necessary financial information to process the order ( i.e . credit card number ) .
Contact information from the order is used to send orders to our registered users and to get in touch with the user when deemed necessary .
Universal Uclick may use third parties to accept and process orders and credit card purchases for merchandise and products .
For some products , third parties host the store pages , ordering system , order data , collect order information , contact information and necessary financial information to process the order .
Please see the privacy policies on their Web sites for more information about how CafePress uses this information .
Special Contests or Promotions
Universal Uclick may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company .
To qualify for entry in that contest or promotion , we may ask you to provide personal information .
If we plan to share that information with the sponsor ( s ) or with others , we will provide a statement to that effect in the contest or promotion terms .
If you use a device with a Global Positioning System ( `` GPS '' ) or other location detection functionality , then we may collect precise information about the location of your device during your use of our sites and applications .
We may use your location information to provide any requested location services and we may provide alternate functionality in your use of our sites and applications based on your location .
You may opt-out from further allowing us to have any access to your location data by disabling your device 's location detection functionality or GPS system .
An Internet Protocol ( IP ) address is unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site .
Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information .
A `` cookie '' is a small line of text that is stored with your Web browser for record-keeping purposes and to help us provide better service to you .
Your browser has options to accept , reject , or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent .
Universal Uclick may utilize `` cookie '' technology by sending and/or receiving information from our computers to your browser and computer .
We also use cookies to customize our site ( s ) and deliver content specific to your interests .
Universal Uclick may use server logs to track your movement through our Web sites and properties - in addition , we may use this information to customize the user experience or provide registrant continuity between our various Web sites and properties .
Universal Uclick may also use other technologies to verify and track your use of certain services , confirm receipt of certain e-mailed products or to test the integrity of our systems , products and services .
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners .
In the process of serving ads , advertisers place a cookie in your browser 's cookie file and may use information ( excluding your name , address , e-mail address or other personal information ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other Web sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
By delivering ads on the Sites , Universal Uclick is able to record what ads a user -- identified by the unique cookie -- has seen , and what Universal Uclick site pages the user was viewing when the ads were delivered .
This Web usage information is combined with other ad delivery information Universal Uclick has ( e.g. , what type of operating system your computer uses ) collected from your visits to Universal Uclick Sites and other sites not affiliated with Universal Uclick .
This non-personally identifiable information is used as part of the ad serving process for reporting and to select and direct the ads you see online at Universal Uclick Sites .
Additionally , some ads are generated by third party ad serving systems that also may place a cookie on your browser to provide web usage information to those third parties .
Please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , men ages 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men ages 13-24 who have viewed sports content ) and you respond to that ad , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
As always remember , we only authorize our third-party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting .
Our third-party ad servers do not collect , nor do we give them access to , any personally identifying information about you .
To find out more about those specific third party ad serving systems , please click to their sites below :
24/7 Real Media Inc .
Opting Out of Third-Party Ad Servers
We recognize that not all users wish to receive ads targeted to their interests and we put the wishes of our users first .
If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer , currently you must visit each ad network 's Web site individually and opt out of this type of advertising .
You may find more information from these sites :
This opt-out feature replaces a network advertiser 's unique online preference marketing cookie on your browser with a general opt-out cookie ; it does not delete cookies and does not necessarily replace other cookies placed by network advertisers , such as those that are used for aggregate ad reporting or mere ad serving purposes .
Such cookies allow network advertisers to rotate ad banners sequentially and track aggregate numbers of impressions .
Please see the companies ' privacy policies for more details or visit the NAI web site for more information .
For us at Universal Uclick , the most important thing is that you make the choice that is best for you .
Links to Other Sites
The Universal Uclick Sites contain links , including banner and other ads , to other Web sites .
Universal Uclick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
The Universal Uclick Sites may also link to Web sites that feature Universal Uclick trademarks and names along with trademarks and names of other companies .
You should look at the privacy policy on that co-branded Web site , as the co-branded Web site may not be under Universal Uclick 's control .
Information from Other Sources
For reasons such as improving member experience and providing customized communications to our users , we may receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information that we have received from you .
Who does Universal Uclick share information with
We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties ( aside from entities that perform services for us , such as fulfilling orders , that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies that protect your information ) unless you have `` opted-in '' to such sharing .
If you have previously opted-in to such sharing under a prior privacy policy version , you are still considered to have opted-in under this Privacy Statement .
As stated , Universal Uclick may use third parties to accept and process orders for merchandise and products .
However , Universal Uclick may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process served on Universal Uclick ; ( 2 ) protect and defend the rights or property of Universal Uclick ; or ( 3 ) act in an emergency to protect someone 's safety .
We may gather demographic information from you ( for example , your age , education level or household income ) from time to time .
We will not share that information in a manner that identifies you as an individual with any other entity , unless we let you know that at the time of collection or we have your permission .
When we share demographic information with third parties , we will give them aggregate information only .
As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets , and , depending upon the transaction , your personal information may be one of the transferred assets .
In the event that Universal Uclick is acquired by another company , your personal information may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party .
What are my options to control the use of my personally identifiable information
You will have the ability to request the deletion of your Universal Uclick registration at any time by utilizing the registration system established for this purpose .
However , we may maintain certain other information as part of our internal processes to prevent accidental loss of user data or information and to prevent or discourage fraudulent activities that may involve Universal Uclick registration or account information .
We may also continue to maintain information about your registration or account and your computer access to our Web sites or services as part of our server logs
Unless you opt-out we may e-mail you with information from Universal Uclick , including information about selected third parties .
If you do not want to receive information from Universal Uclick or third parties that we have selected , you may decline to receive it ( or `` Opt-Out '' ) when you provide personal information to Universal Uclick , or you may visit your `` My Account '' page and click on `` Update Billing Information '' to updated your settings .
You may also contact Universal Uclick by postal mail at the address below .
What about kids ' personally identifiable information
The Universal Uclick Sites are general audience sites and are not directed to children under the age of 13 .
Universal Uclick assumes products purchased through credit card means are purchased by adults .
Universal Uclick respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
On those areas of the Sites that ask for age , Universal Uclick does not collect personal information from individuals who identify themselves as under the age of 13 except in those limited circumstances where Universal Uclick believes that such collection is permitted under COPPA .
Universal Uclick may ask prospective users to provide their age during the registration process and on other areas of the Universal Uclick Sites .
If a user indicates that he or she is under the age of 13 then all personal data collected during the registration process is automatically deleted except Universal Uclick may retain and use limited information , such as the child 's e-mail address , for a limited period of time , in those cases where Universal Uclick believes that the collection and use of such information is permitted under COPPA .
If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Universal Uclick , he or she can contact us via e-mail or postal mail as listed below .
Universal Uclick will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13 .
Universal Uclick believes that parents should supervise their children 's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment .
These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name , address and other personal information without parental permission .
Universal Uclick 's Commitment to Data Security
Protecting user privacy and Personal Information is a high priority for Universal Uclick .
We use our best efforts to ensure the security of your Personal Information .
Universal Uclick maintains physical , electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your Personal Information .
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of information between your PC and our computers .
Unfortunately , no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
While we strive to take great care to protect your Personal Information , we can not warrant the security of any information that you submit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
We also take precautions to protect your Personal Information off-line .
Access to all user information is restricted .
Only our employees , agents and processors whose jobs require accessing users ' Personal Information are granted database access or administrator-level accounts on servers that contain such Personal Information .
Finally , all servers containing users ' Personal Information are kept locked in a secure data center and require a secure login to access them remotely .
Remember to sign off our Site and close your browser window when you are finished using it .
This is to ensure that others can not pose as you online .
This is especially important if you are at a terminal that is accessible to others , such as the library , at school , at the workplace or at an Internet caf .
Universal Uclick has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
These include a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and maintenance of registration information in a separate database .
Although we will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure .
We will protect the transmission of credit card information through industry standard , SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
We use thawte SSL Web Server Certificates to offer secure communications by encrypting all data to and from the site .
thawte has checked and verified the company registration documents and the site 's registered domain name .
Consumer Guidelines : How to know whether a site is secure
Chat Rooms and Other Public Areas .
Universal Uclick may offer chat , bulletin board , or other public functions and any posting by you is considered public information available to other users .
Any posting is governed by the Universal Uclick Terms of Service .
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site or particular features or content , we ask them for the friend 's name and e-mail address .
Universal Uclick will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit an Universal Uclick Site .
Universal Uclick stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
The friend may contact Universal Uclick to request the removal of this information from their database .
Your personal information is password-protected , and you should take appropriate measures to protect the secrecy of your password .
If you use a computer in a public place or share a computer with others , remember to sign out and close your browser window when you finish a session with Universal Uclick in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information .
How can I update my Profile
You can help Universal Uclick maintain the accuracy of your profile by notifying us when you change your address , phone number , or e-mail address .
If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from Universal Uclick , from your Dashboard just click on your `` My Account '' page and click on `` Update Billing Information '' to updated your settings..
Please include your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections .
Universal Uclick would like to receive your comments and questions about this Privacy Statement .
Please address comments or questions regarding Universal Uclick 's Privacy Statement to us via e-mail or postal mail .
You may also contact Universal Uclick by mail at :
Attn : Universal Uclick Privacy
Kansas City , MO 64106 USA
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Your use of the Universal Uclick Sites , including any dispute concerning privacy , is subject to this Privacy Statement and Universal Uclick 's Terms and Conditions of Use.By using the Universal Uclick Sites , you are accepting the practices set out in this Privacy Statement and those Terms and Conditions of Use .
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time by posting the changes on this page .
Please check the revision date at the bottom of this page to determine if the statement has been modified since you last reviewed it .
Your continued use of any portion of the Universal Uclick Sites following posting of the updated Privacy Statement will constitute your acceptance of the changes .
Updated as of 05-15-09

This privacy policy was last modified on December 29 , 2008 .
Recent updates to this Privacy Policy
Goodreads , Inc .
( `` Goodreads , '' `` we , '' or `` us '' ) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared .
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Goodreads when you use Goodreads.com ( the `` site '' ) and related services ( the Service ) , how the information will be used , and how you can control the collection , correction and/or deletion of information .
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy .
User-Provided Information : You provide us information about yourself , such as your name and e-mail address , when you register with the Service .
If you correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our responses .
In addition , you may choose to add information about yourself to your profile that you can then share with friends .
You can modify , delete , and set your privacy setting for this information any time in the My Account section of the site after you have signed in using your personal password .
Cookies Information : When you visit Goodreads.com , we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Goodreads help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site .
A cookie does not collect personal information about you .
Goodreads uses both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled .
Log File Information : Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you register with or view our site , our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website .
These server logs may include information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information .
Clear Gifs Information : When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously .
No personally identifiable information from your Goodreads account is collected using these clear gifs .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
The information is used to enable more accurate reporting , improve the effectiveness of our marketing , and make Goodreads better for our users .
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information you submit to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service .
Goodreads never discloses your personal information to any third party unless you have instructed us to do so .
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ( for instance , in User Content you post ) becomes available to the public via the Service and our business partners .
User Content includes , but is not limited to , reviews , comments , and trivia questions .
If you remove User Content , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content .
Goodreads takes reasonable measures to keep messages that you send to other Members through the Service private between you and the recipient .
However , even if you have deleted the message from your Goodreads inbox or outbox , copies of the message may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored the message .
By providing Goodreads your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices , including any notices required by law , in lieu of communication by postal mail .
We may also use your email address to send you other messages , such as newsletters , changes to features of the Service , or special offers .
If you do not want to receive such email messages , you may opt out by changing your settings on the My Account page .
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers .
You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails .
Your name and , depending on privacy settings , email address , are used when you invite another person to join Goodreads , or when a you request to add another member to your friends list .
Goodreads may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties .
We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used , diagnosing service or technical problems , maintaining security , and personalizing advertisements and promotions .
Goodreads may develop special sites in cooperation with other companies .
If you register at these `` co-branded '' sites , we may share your registration information ( such as name and email address ) with that company .
Goodreads reserves the right , but has no obligation , to monitor the User Content you post on the site .
Goodreads has the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason , including without limitation , if in its sole opinion , such information or material violates , or may violate , any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of any third party .
Goodreads also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party .
We use cookies , clear gifs , and log file information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of our service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP ; and ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in .
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information : Goodreads will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others .
Goodreads may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you .
If we do this , such third parties ' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy .
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Goodreads ( for instance , on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers ) .
As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets or business offerings .
Customer , email , and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions .
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , or dissolution .
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Goodreads will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the law , comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates , or investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use , take precautions against liability , to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , to assist government enforcement agencies , or to protect the security or integrity of our site ; and ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Goodreads , our users or others .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We may share non-personally identifiable information ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc . ) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Goodreads services .
Goodreads allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the Goodreads site .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on Goodreads .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
Goodreads does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Goodreads to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
The Goodreads privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such advertisers .
How We Protect Your Information
Goodreads uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial , and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Goodreads and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission of information , Goodreads makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information , and for controlling access to your email communications from Goodreads , at all times .
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Goodreads will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Your Choices About Your Information
You may access or change your information and preferences at any time in your My Account area once you have signed in with your personal password .
For example , you can control which actions , if any , will appear on your update feed , whether to display your email address , whether to display your last name , and what sort of email notifications you will receive from the Service .
You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information through Goodreads , in which case Goodreads may not be able to provide certain services to you .
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , Goodreads does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register .
If you are under 13 , please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Goodreads .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us .
Links to Other Web Sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site , our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect .
Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site , including those that have a link on our Web site , is subject to that Web site 's own rules and policies .
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding .
It is our policy to provide notifications , whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes , to you via email notice , written or hard copy notice , or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Website page , as determined by Goodreads in its sole discretion .
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you , provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures , we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , please contact us , or send mail to :
1444 9th Street , Suite B
Santa Monica , CA 90401
October 16 , 2008 : We replaced our former privacy policy with a new one .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .

Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions consult this page .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions consult this page .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions consult this page .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

Last modified : 24 June 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways for you to use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms , such as cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google , so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions , contact us .
Information that we collect
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from basics , such as which language you speak to more complex things , such as which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information that you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , such as your name , email address , telephone number or credit card number .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information that we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , such as when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers and mobile network information , including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information , such as your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information , such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and mobile towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device , using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , which may include one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers sent to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services that we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information that we collect
We use the information that we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content such as giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name that you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account , so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help resolve any issues that you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to provide you our services in your preferred language .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example , to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your ads preferences , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Information that you share
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options for sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so free of charge , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
Information that we share
We do not share personal information with companies , organisations and individuals outside Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organisations or individuals outside Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organisation will have access to your Google Account information ( including your emails and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , such as statistics regarding applications that you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organisations or individuals outside Google if we have a belief in good faith that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public , as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners , such as publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration , disclosure or destruction of information that we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two-step verification when you access your Google Account and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorised access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations .
They may be disciplined or their contract terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services with separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services and that may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of Privacy Policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions consult this page .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions )
There are many different ways you can use our services to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content .
When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier .
As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy .
Our Privacy Policy explains :
What information we collect and why we collect it .
How we use that information .
The choices we offer , including how to access and update information .
We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first .
Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices and if you have any questions consult this page .
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online .
We collect information in two ways :
Information you give us .
For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account .
When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card .
If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo .
Information we get from your use of our services .
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content .
This information includes :
We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) .
Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account .
When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs .
This may include :
details of how you used our service , such as your search queries .
telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls .
Internet protocol address .
device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL .
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account .
When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
Certain services include a unique application number .
This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates .
We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches .
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device .
We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites .
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users .
We also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and ads .
We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account .
In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services .
If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo .
When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing .
We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements .
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services .
For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer .
When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health .
We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know .
We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent .
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy .
Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world .
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live .
People have different privacy concerns .
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used .
For example , you can :
Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard .
View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings .
You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here .
Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals .
Control who you share information with .
Take information out of many of our services .
You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us .
However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled .
For example , we may not remember your language preferences .
Many of our services let you share information with others .
Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google .
Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content .
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information .
If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes .
When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) .
Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort .
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction .
Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems .
We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so .
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information .
If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) .
Your domain administrator may be able to :
view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install .
change your account password .
suspend or terminate your account access .
access or retain information stored as part of your account .
receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings .
Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information .
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :
meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request .
enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations .
detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like publishers , advertisers or connected sites .
For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services .
If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold .
We encrypt many of our services using SSL .
We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome .
We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems .
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks .
When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up .
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent .
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) .
We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :
Chrome and Chrome OS

POLICY ON PRIVACY , DATA , COOKIES AND MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
We may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to the Service ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to the Service .
Green Man Gaming and Playfire user now have the ability to use either site with the same log in details .
Some data is shared between the Playfire and Green Man Gaming services in order to enhance the user experience on both platforms .
We may also record which parts of the Service and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use .
This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to : process your Communications , your subscription to the Service and to enable your use of the Service and associated services ; open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ; administer prize draws ; and generally run the Service .
We also utilise device finger-printing technologies .
We receive information from customers about devices that connect to Our websites , operated or controlled by customer and utilise this information to assist in the detection and prevention of fraudulent transactions .
By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use .
We will only use information collected about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
From time to time We also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you.We do not collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent .
We give you a choice of whether or not you want Us or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful .
We will not sell or trade personal information to other companies but We would like to keep you informed of the developments on the Service and certain Games and We would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) .
We will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already .
Greenmangaming.com and playfire.com use cookies in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to remember ' you , either for the duration of your visit ( using a session cookie ' ) or for repeat visits ( using a persistent cookie ' ) .
Our cookies do lots of different jobs , like letting you navigate between pages efficiently , storing your preferences , and generally improving your experience of a website .
Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier - if a website does n't use cookies , it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site .
For example , when you enter your login details and move to another page it wo n't recognise you and it wo n't be able to keep you logged in .
Greenmangaming.com and playfire.com also use cookies to enable Us to target advertising or marketing messages based for example , on your location and/or browsing habits .
Cookies may be set by the greenmangaming.com and playfire.com ( first party cookies ' ) or they may be set by other websites who run content or services for Us ( such as Google Analytics ) on the page you are viewing ( third party cookies ' ) .
What is in a cookie ?
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website 's server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie .
Each cookie is unique to your web browser .
It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers .
It allows a website to remember things like your preferences or what 's in your shopping basket .
What to do if you do n't want cookies to be set
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device a bit intrusive , particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party without them knowing .
Although this is generally quite harmless you may not , for example , want to see advertising that has been targeted to your interests .
If you prefer , it is possible to block some or all cookies , or even to delete cookies that have already been set ; but you need to be aware that you might lose some functions of the website .
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings ; the Help function within your browser should tell you how .
We use cookies ' on the Service .
If you do not wish for Us to use cookies when you use the Service please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies .
Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use the Service and Games .
By agreeing to these terms you are specifically allowing the Service to execute all cookies as are required for the Service to operate as efficiently as possible with the best user experience in mind .
If you do n't disable cookies the Service will ask for and store details including your name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the subscription or Communications forms so that you can use the Service with less form filling .
If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or the Service please contact Us ( as appropriate ) as described below .
These terms and conditions are subject to your statutory and common law consumer rights and shall not limit any rights you might have that may not be excluded under applicable law nor shall it exclude or limit either GMGL 's or Playfire 's liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence nor any fraudulent representation .
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Us and shall apply to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions or conditions of contract which you may propose .
Use of the word including in these terms and conditions means including without limitation .
Failure to enforce any of these terms and conditions will not be deemed a waiver of any term or right .
If any part of these terms and conditions is found to be unenforceable , it will be construed as far as possible to reflect the intention and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect .
The Service is intended for and directed at the United Kingdom and no representation or warranty is made as to whether the Service complies with the regulatory regime and local laws of any other country .
Use of the Service and these terms and conditions are subject to the laws of England which shall exclusively govern the interpretation , application and effect of all the above permissions , exclusions , licenses and conditions of use and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts .
YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ( EULA ) BEFORE PURCHASING , DOWNLOADING OR INSTALLING ANY GAME .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS EULA , YOU SHOULD NOT USE , PURCHASE , DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL GAMES
Games purchased through the Service are copyright works of the third party developer or publisher identified in the Game ( Publisher ) or its licensors .
Use of the Games is governed by the terms of this EULA unless you are presented with an alternative end user license agreement , in which case the terms of that end user license agreement shall apply .
If you have already purchased or downloaded a Game before being presented with an alternative end user licence agreement and you do not accept ( and have not accepted ) its terms and conditions and have not made any use of the Game please notify Us using the contact information below and We may arrange for your purchase and use of the Game to be cancelled and your account credited or a refund given as appropriate .
Each Game is solely for use by end users according to the terms of this EULA .
Any use , reproduction or redistribution of the Game not in accordance with the terms of this EULA is expressly prohibited .
Reference to Game in this EULA shall include any online service which is made available through it , where and to the fullest extent that the content permits .
1- Limited Use License .
You are granted and by installing the Game you accept , a limited , non-exclusive right and license to install and use one ( 1 ) copy of the Game for your personal , non-commercial use on a single computer subject to the terms of this EULA .
2- End User Rights and Obligations .
The Game is licensed to you as a single product .
Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer .
You should back-up to another secure location , on a regular basis , any data files concerning your use of the Game as neither GMGL nor the Publisher has liability for lost or corrupted data .
You may make a single back-up copy of the Game for your own personal use in the event that the original copy is destroyed , lost or corrupted .
You may also permanently transfer the Game on to another computer owned by you provided that you remove the Game from the computer on which it was originally installed .
You may not , except as expressly provided by this EULA : - sell , distribute or otherwise transfer copies or reproductions of the Game to any third party in any way and may only sell or Trade-In a Game to GMGL ; - in whole or in part reproduce , translate , reverse engineer , derive source code from , modify , adapt , merge , translate , disassemble , decompile , or create derivative works based on or of the Game , except where applicable law provides otherwise in which case the product and all end results of such acts shall belong to , vest in and be the exclusive property of the owner of the applicable rights in the Game ; - remove , disable or circumvent any proprietary notices , labels or copy protection software contained on or within the Game ; - exploit the Game or any of its parts for any commercial purpose including , but not limited to , use at a cyber or internet cafe or any other location-based site ; - network the Game or otherwise install or use it ( or permit its use ) on more than one computer , console , handheld device or PDA at the same time nor use or permit use of the Game in a network , multi-user arrangement or remote access arrangement , including any online use otherwise than as part of an online service approved by Publisher ; - use the Game for any illegal or immoral purposes ; - export or re-export the Game or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations ; - create data or executable programs which mimic data or functionality in the Game ; - otherwise use , copy , transfer , distribute , rent , lease , loan , sub-license or deal in the Game or any part or interest in it except as expressly provided by this EULA or in any manner which is inconsistent with this EULA 3- Ownership .
The Game is licensed , not sold .
Your licence confers no title or ownership in the Game .
All right , title , interest and ownership rights in the Game and any copyright , design right , database right , patents and any rights to inventions , know-how , trade and business names , trade secrets and trade marks ( whether registered or unregistered ) and any applications therefor and other intellectual property rights ( Intellectual Property Rights ) , in or connected with the Game and each part thereof ( including by way of example only any titles , code , themes , objects , characters , stories , catchphrases , concepts , artworks , animations , sounds , music , audio-visual effects and methods of operation ) are owned by , belong to and vest in Publisher or its licensors .
The Game is protected by copyright law , international copyright treaties and conventions and other laws .
All rights are asserted and reserved .
The Game may contain certain licensed materials and Publisher 's licensors may act to protect their rights in the event of any breach of this EULA .
All trade marks are the property of their respective owners .
The licence granted by this EULA will terminate automatically if you breach its terms and conditions .
In that event , you must immediately destroy and erase the Game and all and any copies in your possession or control and stored on any media whatsoever and on GMGL 's request certify that you have done so .
You may terminate this EULA at any time by deleting and removing the Game from your personal computer and destroying your copy of the Game in your possession .
THIS EULA SHALL NOT LIMIT ANY RIGHTS YOU MIGHT HAVE AS A CONSUMER THAT MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW NOR SHALL IT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ANY
LIABILITY FOR FRAUD OR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE OF GMGL OR ITS LICENSORS .
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS EULA AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW :
YOU INSTALL AND USE THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN RISK ; THE GAME IS PROVIDED `` AS IS '' WITHOUT WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY , MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT ; GMGL AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THIS GAME WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT ERRORS CAN BE CORRECTED ; GMGL AND ITS LICENSORS EXCLUDES ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ALL REPRESENTATIONS ( EXCEPT THOSE MADE FRAUDULENTLY ) , WARRANTIES , CONDITIONS AND OTHER TERMS
WHICH BUT FOR THIS NOTICE WOULD HAVE EFFECT ;
GMGL AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT IN ANY EVENT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE GAME , ERRORS OR DEFICIENCIES IN IT , DAMAGE TO PROPERTY , LOST DATA , LOSS OF GOODWILL , COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION , LOSS OF BUSINESS , LOSS OFINFORMATION OR LOST PROFIT , WHETHER CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE , EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS ; GMGL AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE , INJURY OR LOSS IF CAUSED AS A RESULT OF YOUR NEGLIGENCE , ACCIDENT OR MISUSE , OR IF THE GAME HAS BEEN MODIFIED IN ANY MANNER ( NOT BY GMGL OR ITS LICENSORS ) AFTER IT HAS BEEN BOUGHT .
THE LIABILITY OF GMGL AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT EXCEED THE ACTUAL PRICE PAID FOR THE GAME .
You agree to indemnify , defend and hold GMGL and its licensors , partners , affiliates , contractors , officers , directors , employees and agents harmless from any claims , costs and expenses ( including legal expenses ) arising directly or indirectly from your misuse of the Game or use otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this EULA .
GMGL 's licensors shall be third-party beneficiaries under this EULA and shall have the express right to enforce its provisions and to enjoy the benefits of its protections .
6- Severability In the event that any provision of this EULA shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable , such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining portions of this EULA shall remain in full force and effect .
7- Applicable Law .
To the maximum extent permitted by the local law applicable in the country in which you obtain or use them , the Game , any applicable online service and this EULA are subject to English Law .
In the event that English Law can not apply in the country you obtained or use the Game local law will apply .
HEALTH AND SAFETY AND PRECAUTIONS
Games may contain flashing lights , realistic images and simulations .
PLEASE READ THIS NOTICE BEFORE YOU OR YOUR CHILD USE YOUR GAME ( S )
Some people experience side effects such as motion sickness , epileptic seizures , momentary loss of consciousness dizziness , motion sickness or nausea when viewing certain types of flashing light or pattern including when playing video games .
This may happen where a person has not previously suffered in this way and have no known symptoms or history of such side effects .
If you or anyone considering using this Game has suffers in this way , has a condition which makes this possible or has experienced similar symptoms , please consult a doctor before using this Game .
If you or they are already using the Game please stop and consult a doctor .
If you or any part of you feels tired , fatigue or discomfort whilst playing games please stop and rest .
If it continues after you stop playing please consult a doctor .
If you have suffered or suffer from an injury playing games can aggravate it .
In that case please consult a doctor .
Failure to follow this advice may result in long term injury .
PLEASE FOLLOW THESE PRECAUTIONS WHENEVER USING YOUR GAME ( S ) : Please do not :
sit or stand too close to the TV screen / monitor but sit or stand a safe distance away ;
use this Game or play games if you are sick , sleep , or feel tired , fatigue or discomfort ;
play in a room that is not well-lit ;
play for too long at any one time , please take a 10- to 15-minute break every hour .
Notice to parents and carers :
Please observe children whilst they play games .
Please ensure that you and they following the precautions described above .
If you or they experience dizziness , altered vision , eye or muscle twitching , involuntary movements , loss of awareness , disorientation , or convulsions or any other side effects PLEASE STOP ALL USE IMMEDIATELY and consult a doctor .

Last Updated : September 13 , 2012
This Privacy Statement ( Privacy Statement ) explains how Groupon , Inc .
( Groupon , us , our , and we ) uses your information and applies to all who use our Web site , mobile applications , electronic services , social networking sites , or any individual , business partner-specific , merchant-specific , city-specific , or other area-specific Web sites we offer that link to or reference this Privacy Statement ( collectively , the Site ) and when you receive electronic communications from us .
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully and review it periodically for the latest information about our privacy practices .
By using the Site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Statement , please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the Site .
We will routinely update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices , such as when we add new services , functionality or features to the Site .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified in your account ) or by means of notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective .
You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the date it was Last Updated above .
You can review the last version of this Privacy Statement here .
This Privacy Statement is organized as follows :
Types of Information We Collect
How Groupon Uses Information
When and Why Groupon Discloses Personal Information
How Groupon Collects Information
Security of Personal Information
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information
Privacy Practices of Third Parties
EU/EEA Safe Harbor ; Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America
Contact Us ; California Privacy Rights and Other Countries
Types of Information We Collect
We will collect information , including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information , when you interact with us and the Site , for example when you :
access or use the Site ;
register , subscribe , or create an account with Groupon ;
open or respond to our e-mails ;
provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of , or together with , Business Partners ;
visit any page online that displays our ads or content ;
purchase products or services on or through the Site ;
connect or link to any Site via social networking sites ;
post comments to Online Communities ; and
provide information to our Vendors .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the collection of information in any way other than as listed above .
We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and what you like .
However , you can limit the information you provide to Groupon , and you can limit the communications that Groupon sends to you .
You can manage your email and notice preferences by logging into your account through the Groupon website , entering the My Stuff section , and selecting My Email Subscriptions , or via the Groupon mobile application , by selecting Project in your account options and then selecting Subscriptions .
You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial e-mails that we send you .
You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages , and may choose to unsubscribe from others .
You may update your subscription preferences at any time .
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages , we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your purchases .
For example , even if you have unsubscribed from our promotional email messages , we will still send you confirmations when you make purchases on the Site .
You may manage how your browser handles Cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings .
Browsers are different , so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available .
You can opt-out of being targeted by certain Third-Party Ad-Servers online using the National Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool , or on TRUSTe 's site .
You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Groupon , as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device .
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications .
Please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between Groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device .
If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our Business Partners , you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you .
How Groupon Uses Information
We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) , use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement to :
Operate , maintain and improve the Site and our services ;
Provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating Business Partners ;
Facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the Site for example , for Groupon vouchers and other goods and services , including tracking redemption ;
Evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers , products or services that may be of interest to you , and analyze advertising effectiveness ;
Answer your questions and respond to your requests ;
Perform analytics and conduct customer research ;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Groupon and our Business Partners , sometimes by combining your information with information from Other Sources ;
Send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , support and administrative messages , service bulletins , marketing messages , and requested information , including on behalf of Business Partners ;
Administer rewards , surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners ;
Manage our everyday business needs , such as administration of the Site , forum management , fulfillment , analytics , fraud prevention , and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Use , or to comply with the law ;
Allow you to apply for a job , post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants , Business Partners , or third parties through the Site , and to
Enhance other information we have about you directly or from Other Sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests .
We also may use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law .
When and Why Groupon Discloses Information
We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) may share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law :
with any Groupon Affiliate who may only use the Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement ;
with our Vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the Personal Information ;
to report or collect on debts owed to us or our Business Partners ;
with relevant Business Partners :
with whom we jointly offer products and services ;
to facilitate a direct relationship with you , including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the Business Partner ;
to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase , a sponsored reward , offer , contest , program , or other activity in which you have elected to participate ;
to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a Groupon voucher , goods or services offered by a Business Partner or participated in an offer , rewards , contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through Groupon on behalf of that Business Partner ;
with a purchaser of Groupon or any of the Groupon Affiliates ( or their assets ) ;
to comply with legal orders and government requests , or as needed to support auditing , compliance , and corporate governance functions ;
to combat fraud or criminal activity , and to protect our rights or those of our Affiliates , users , and Business Partners , or as part of legal proceedings affecting Groupon ;
in response to a subpoena , or similar legal process , including to law enforcement agencies , regulators , and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate ; or
with your consent .
We encourage Business Partners to adopt and post privacy policies .
However , their use of Personal Information obtained through Groupon is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control .
We may also disclose Non-Identifiable Information :
for the same reasons we might share Personal Information ;
with Business Partners for their own analysis and research ;
to facilitate targeted content and ads ; or
with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place our ads and/or ads of our merchants or Business Partners on the Site and on third-party sites , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads .
We do not share Personal Information with Third-Party Ad-Servers ; however , Third-Party Ad-Servers may automatically collect Non-Identifying Information about your visit to the Site and other websites , your device address , your Internet Service Provider and the browser you use to visit the Site .
They do this by using Cookies , clear gifs and other technologies .
Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the Site and the other websites tracked by these third parties .
This Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by Third-Party Ad-Servers , and Groupon is not responsible for Cookies or clear gifs in third party ads .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of Cookies and other technologies .
How Groupon Collects Information
You provide us with your Personal Information when you register , subscribe , create an account , purchase or redeem Groupon vouchers , or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site .
We also collect Personal Information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self-help tools , such as email , text , or by posting to an Online Community .
We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources .
Groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws .
Such information , when combined with Personal Information collected as provided in this Privacy Statement , will also be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
We also use cookies , tags , web beacons , local shared objects , files , tools and programs to keep records , store your preferences , improve our advertising , and collect Non-Identifying Information , including Device Data and your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners ' web sites .
We use Cookies that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your Site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the Site .
We use session cookies on a temporary basis , such as to manage your view of pages on the Site .
We use persistent cookies for a number of purposes , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( for example , your user id if you asked to be remembered ) , and storing your preferences ( for example , the cities for which you want to be shown Groupon vouchers ) .
Information from Cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the Site and the website you visit after you leave the Site .
When you access these pages or open email messages , we use Pixel Tags and Web Beacons to generate a notice of that action to us , or our Vendors .
These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site ' pages and promotions .
Device Data may be collected when your device interacts with the Site and Groupon , even if you are not logged into the Site using your device .
If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device , please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
Security of Personal Information
Groupon has implemented an information security program that contains administrative , technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information .
For example , we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure Financial Account Information .
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information
Keeping your Personal Information current helps ensure that we , our Affiliates and Business Partners offer you the offers that are most relevant to you .
If you want to close your Groupon account or have other questions or requests , please contact us .
While we are ready to assist you in managing your subscriptions , closing your account , and removing your active profile , we can not always delete records of past interactions and transactions .
For example , we are required to retain records relating to previous purchases on the Site for financial reporting and compliance reasons .
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes .
We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
The Site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information , communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs , review products and merchants , and submit media content .
Prior to posting in these areas , please read our Terms of Use carefully .
All the information you post may be accessible to anyone with Internet access , and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read , collected , and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
You should avoid publicly posting Personal Information or identifying information about third parties .
Connecting through Social Networks
Groupon offers social networking users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on social networks .
If you are logged into both Groupon and a social network , when you use the Site ' social networking connection functions , we will link your social network account with your Groupon account if the email addresses match .
If the email addresses do not match , we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts .
If you are already logged into Groupon but not logged into your social network site , when you use the Site ' social network connection functions , you will be prompted to enter your social network web site credentials or to sign up for the social network .
If you are not currently registered as a Groupon user and you use the Site 's social network connection functions , you will first be asked to enter your social network credentials and then be given the option to register and join Groupon .
Once you register with Groupon and connect with the social network , you will be able to automatically post recent Groupon activity back to your social network .
Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account to manage the data that is shared through your account .
By proceeding through any of the above steps , you grant Groupon permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network 's terms of use and this Privacy Statement .
Privacy Practices of Third Parties
This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information by Groupon through your interaction with the Site .
Other websites that may be accessible through links from the Site may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection , use , and disclosure practices .
Our Business Partners may also have their own privacy statements .
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of a sponsored offer or promotion .
EU/EEA Safe Harbor ; Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America
Groupon , Inc. is headquartered in the United States of America .
We recognize that the European Community has established a data protection regime pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC ( the Directive ) .
The Directive applies to the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
Switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the Federal Act on Data Protection ( FADP ) .
These regimes restrict companies in the EEA and Switzerland ( collectively , EEA/CH ) from transferring personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH to the United States , unless there is adequate protection for such personal data when it is received in the United States .
To create such adequate protection and allow our Affiliates , Vendors and Business Partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the Directive and the FADP , we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by US Department of Commerce ( Safe Harbor Principles ) with respect to personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH that our subsidiaries and Business Partners in the EEA/CH send to us , ( EEA/CH Data ) .
If you live outside the United States ( including in the EEA/CH ) , and you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information directly via the Site , your information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
By using the Site or giving us your Personal Information , you are directly transferring your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information to us in the United States .
The United States may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction .
However , you agree and consent to our collection , transfer , and processing of your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement .
You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information .
Regardless of where we transfer your information , we still protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement .
Groupon does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen , and such use is prohibited .
The Site is designed and intended for adults .
By using Groupon , you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Site .
We will promptly delete information associated with any account be obtain actual knowledge is associated with a registered user who is not at least eighteen years old .
Groupon is Proud to Be a TRUSTe Privacy Program Seal Holder
TRUSTe online privacy certification
Groupon , Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Contact Us ; California Privacy Rights and Other Countries
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement .
You can reach us via postal mail at the following address :
Attention : Privacy Office
600 West Chicago Avenue
Chicago , Illinois 60654 USA
If you reside in Canada , you may have the right to be provided with access to Personal Information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to Vendors outside Canada .
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year .
In particular , the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties , the names and addresses of those third parties , and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties .
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Groupon pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , please contact us via the email or address stated above .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Affiliate means a company owned and/or controlled by Groupon , Inc .
Business Partners means , collectively , third parties with whom we conduct business , such as merchants , co-marketers , distributors , and resellers .
Cookie means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account , your preferences , and your use of the Site .
Some cookies are temporary , whereas others may be configured to last longer .
Session cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons , such as to manage page views .
Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser .
Persistent cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser .
Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access , use , or interact with the Site , such as operating system type or mobile device model , browser type , domain , and other system settings , the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device , geo-location , unique device identifier or other device identifier , mobile phone carrier identification , and device software platform and firmware information .
Non-Identifying Information means information that alone can not identify you , including data from Cookies , Pixel Tags and Web Beacons , and Device Data .
Non-Identifying Information may be derived from Personal Information .
Online Communities means , collectively , our social networking pages or accounts , forums , bulletin boards , discussion groups , chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or linked through the Site .
Other Sources means sources of information that legally provide Groupon with your information , and which are outside the scope of this Privacy Statement at the time of collection .
Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or , when combined with other information we have , can be used to identify you .
This includes the following types of information :
Contact Information : your name , postal addresses , email addresses , social networking website user account names , telephone numbers , or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications .
Relationship Information : information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle , interests , and activities , including location information related to your state/province , city , or neighborhood ; areas of interest , the types of deals that interest you , information collected through your interactions with social networks , demographic information ( e.g. , birth date , age , gender ) ; information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you ; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred ;
Transaction Information : information you provide when you interact with us and the Site , such as the Groupon vouchers you are interested in , purchase and redeem ; email and other communications ; and how you interact with Business Partners and our Vendors ; and
Financial Information : information collected from you as needed to process payments for Groupon vouchers or other products or services that you buy , or as provided by you to administer your participation in optional services and programs , such as your payment card number , expiration date , and card verification number .
Pixel Tags and Web Beacons means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions .
Third-Party Ad-Servers means Vendors and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance .
Vendors means , collectively , third parties that perform business operations on behalf of Groupon , such as transaction processing , billing , mailing , communications services ( e-mail , direct mail , etc . ) , marketing , data processing and analytics , servicing , collections , or ad management .

Share on twitter Share on linkedin Share on facebook Share on google_plusone_share More Sharing Services
Stanford Graduate School of Business is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy .
In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing information about yourself .
Some websites covered by this policy may request personal information from you in order to complete a form or transaction .
Your information may be shared with third parties , such as event registration systems , to complete your transaction .
Your information also may be collected by Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Business for marketing and development .
Stanford University and the Stanford Graduate School of Business will not sell any personal information to third parties for purposes of marketing , advertising , or promotion .
Stanford Graduate School of Business uses various methods to collect other kinds of information , including cookies , referrers , IP addresses , and system information .
Our Information Collection Practices
Stanford Graduate School of Business uses website analytics tools to retrieve information from your browser , such as the site you came from , the search engine ( s ) and keywords you used to find our site , and the pages you view within our site .
Additionally , we use technologies such as cookies and web beacons ( described below ) , to collect information about the pages you view , the links you click , and other actions you take on our website .
Lastly , we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit such as your IP address , browser type and language , access times , and referring website addresses .
When you visit the Stanford Graduate School of Business website we gather and store this information to allow us to track the use of our website and make improvements .
This information is stored and used in the aggregate only and is not used to obtain personal data or to contact you personally .
Some Stanford Graduate School of Business department sites use online data entry forms to collect personal information from web visitors who choose to identify themselves for the purpose of transacting e-commerce or receiving products , services , or information .
Stanford GSB sites that collect data of any type are required to abide by and provide a link to our Privacy Statement .
We request no more information than is required to fulfill the purpose for which the information is being collected .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies , small snippets of data sent to your computer , to track usage patterns , traffic trends , and visitor behavior .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies .
Choosing to accept cookies enables some online services to work more efficiently or makes the use of those services more convenient .
You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit .
If you set your browser to refuse cookies , you may be unable to fully use certain portions of the website .
We may utilize web beacons , also known as clear GIFS , from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our site .
Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help understand how visitors interact with our site .
We may include web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
We prohibit web beacons on our website from being used by third parties to collect or access personal information .
A referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the web URL you linked from .
Our web server automatically gathers this information .
Web servers use your IP address to identify your computer so that data , such as the web pages you request , can be sent to you .
Our web server automatically gathers them .
System information includes time , type of browser being used , the operating system or platform , and CPU speed .
Your web browser sends this information automatically when you are connected to a website .
This information is used by Stanford Graduate School of Business to identify broad demographic statistics and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system .
Stanford Graduate School of Business will not use this information to attempt to identify your personal information .
While no system can provide guaranteed security , we take reasonable efforts to keep information you provide to us secure , including encryption technology , and physical security at the location of the server where information is stored .
Links to Other Sites
The Stanford Graduate School of Business website includes hyperlinks to sites maintained or controlled by others .
Stanford Graduate School of Business is not responsible for and does not routinely screen , approve , review , or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered at this or any other website .
We advise you to review the individual privacy policies of the respective sites .
Effective date : June 10 , 2010

GSMArena.com takes privacy issues very seriously .
Submission of personal information is not required in order to browse the website .
We use demographic and traffic information of our users only to analyze the readers community and may also provide it to potential advertisers and business partners .
This does not include personal reader information .
Submission of this information on GSMArena.com is always optional and will never be provided to third parties .
To ensure that users email addresses will not get in any bulk mail lists or newsletters , we at GSMArena modify the addresses so any email collecting scripts will not be able to gather them .
Besides that , only in the Forum section of the website it is obligatory for the user to provide an email address in order to complete the registration .
The Forum section ( software by phpBB ) requires certain user information in order to take full advantage of the software features .
This information will never be provided to third parties .
Third Party Ad Servers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web Site .
If so , a list of these ad serving companies will be available here .
These companies may use information ( generally , not including your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visits to this Web Site and to other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not personally identifiable ( unless , for example , you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or e-mail message ) .
We encourage you to read these businesses ' privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your personal information .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , see the Network Advertising Initiative 's consumer web site .

The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website .
Like most standard website servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
Cookies & Web Beacons
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
Our site does not use cookies .
However , some of our business partners use cookies and/or web beacons on our site ( for example , advertisers ) .
However , we have no access to or control over this , once we have given permission for them to set cookies and/or web beacons for advertising .
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies and/or web beacons and are collected by the ad companies , and we do not have access to this information .
We work with the ad companies : Google Adsense , etc .
Please check their websites for respective privacy policies .
Third party advertising companies may also collect information about other sites you have visited in order to display appropriate advertisements on this site .
We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster-AT-hairfinder.com

Harvard.edu and Harvard.edu/gazette Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Harvard.edu and Harvard.edu/gazette .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to `` Harvard.edu `` include news.harvard.edu/gazette .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU
We collect information from you when you access Harvard.edu and when you subscribe to our email service .
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website by identifying ( 1 ) which parts of our site are most heavily used , and ( 2 ) which portion of our audience comes from within the Harvard network .
We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable .
This means that user sessions will be tracked , but the users will remain anonymous .
The email address you provide may be used to send you information , respond to inquiries , and/or other requests or questions .
User information may be shared with third-party partners to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users .
Any third parties who receive user information for this purpose are prohibited from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services to users .
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to : satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues ; or protect the rights , property or safety of us , our users or others .
DEVICE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY US
We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access Harvard.edu , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language or other information of this nature .
We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to Harvard.edu .
At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses .
Web server logs are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted from our systems .
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer ( unless you block them ) .
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future .
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors .
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business .
Cookies may be set by an organization other than Harvard.edu .
These third-party cookies may , for example , originate from websites such as YouTube , Twitter , Facebook , Google Plus or other social media services for which Harvard.edu has implemented plug-ins .
Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time , you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly .
You may disable cookies through your individual browser options .
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
We may provide hyperlinks to third-party websites as a convenience to users of Harvard.edu .
Harvard.edu does not control third-party websites and is not responsible for the contents of any linked-to , third-party websites or any hyperlink in a linked-to website .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites .
The Harvard Gazette allows you to subscribe online , and receive the Harvard Gazette via email .
If you no longer wish to receive this email , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located near the bottom of each email .
If you send us email messages , you should be aware that information disclosed in email may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others .
We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in email .
We will use your email address to respond directly to your questions or comments .
We will not share , sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission .
USER GENERATED CONTENT ( INCLUDING COMMENTS AND PROFILES
Any information you disclose in your submission of comments , including name , email , website , and the comment itself is property of Harvard University and visible on internal servers .
Additionally , information regarding name and comments shall be public on the Gazette news site once a comment or reply is approved for submission on the website .
Comments are up to the discretion and approval of Harvard University moderators .
Harvard University reserves the right to reject or remove thereafter any content from appearing on its site that does not meet its user generated content policy .
USER GENERATED CONTENT TERMS OF USE
You shall not upload to , or distribute or otherwise publish on to the Gazette news website ( Services ) any libelous , defamatory , obscene , pornographic , abusive , or otherwise illegal material ; any comment deemed to contain any of the above following .
You agree that you will not deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages , meaningless messages or `` spam .
You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race , religion , nationality , gender , sexual preference , age , region , disability , etc .
You may not impersonate another user or a Harvard University or Gazette News staff member by choosing a similar screen name .
You must disclose conflicts of interest .
Any comments deemed containing the above will not be approved for distribution or , if approved , will removed thereafter .
You acknowledge that any submissions you make to the Services ( i.e. , user-generated comments ( each , a `` Submission '' ) may be edited , removed , modified , published , and displayed on the Gazette News website and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you .
Submissions made to the Services may also be included in our RSS feeds , APIs and made available for republishing through other formats .
Harvard University reserves the right to delete , move , or edit Submissions that it deems abusive , defamatory , obscene , in violation of copyright or trademark laws , or otherwise unacceptable .
By making a Submission , you are consenting to its display and publication on the Site and in the Services and for related online uses .
When you share or recommend ( with or without adding your own comments ) any articles or content from the Services to your Facebook , Twitter , or Google+ profile , that action is governed by their respective Privacy Policies .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information we gather about you , we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the information .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time .
Any such changes will be posted on this page .
The effective date of this policy was October 16 , 2012 .

HASBRO WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY
( Last Updated : 09/12/2013 )
TRUSTe online privacy certification
TRUSTe Children privacy certification
This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) explains how Hasbro , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that operate within the United States ( `` Hasbro '' ) collect , use and disclose your personal information .
This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites , mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
Hasbro has been awarded TRUSTe 's Web Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's certification covers all Hasbro websites that link to this privacy policy .
At this time , the TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile websites , but does cover information collected through our mobile applications listed here .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Hasbro 's policy regarding the collection of information from children , we recommend reviewing the Note To Parents below .
We may change the provisions of this Policy at any time and will indicate when changes have been made by revising the date at the top of this Policy .
Your use of the Services , or any portion thereof , following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes .
We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services to make sure that you understand our information collection , use and disclosure practices .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will provide you with additional notice of such changes and request your affirmative consent before using or sharing previously collected information in a materially different way .
If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under 13 , we will notify parents by e-mail in order to obtain verifiable consent for the new uses of the child 's personal information .
What information does Hasbro collect
Information That You Provide
Hasbro may collect information that you provide when you use the Services , such as when you : ( 1 ) create an account ; ( 2 ) make a purchase ; ( 3 ) participate in contests , events or promotions ; ( 4 ) send questions or comments via e-mail or live chat to Hasbro customer support ; ( 5 ) submit your resume to us online ; ( 6 ) fill out online surveys ; or ( 7 ) otherwise communicate with us through the Services ( 8 ) to obtain parental consent .
The types of personal information that you provide may include your name , e-mail address , parent 's email address , telephone number , postal address , credit card information , birth date and other contact or identifying information that you choose to provide .
We may also collect your gender , toy and game ownership and preferences when you provide this information at the same time as your name or other contact or identifying information , or we may combine these data points with your personal information in the future .
If you are under the age of 13 , only your parent or guardian can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities .
See Note To Parents below for more information .
Information We Collect Automatically From You
When you access or use our Services , we may also automatically collect information about you .
For example , when you visit our websites , we collect information about your computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , access times , browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services .
If you access our Services via a mobile device , we may also collect your , first name or username ( depending on which you would like to use ) , device make and model , mobile carrier , mobile web browser type and version , the country in which you are using your device , and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage , downloads , number of users , sessions , frequency of use , retention , territories , and in-game events .
We do not ask you for , access , or track any location based information , other than the country information , from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services .
To collect this information , we use the technologies identified below :
Cookies : Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website .
Among other things , cookies help us improve our Services and your experience , see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits .
In addition , when you view a video on our Services , we may set a `` flash cookie '' ( sometimes called a `` flash object '' ) on your computer or device .
For more information about cookies , and how to disable them , please see `` What are my information choices '' below .
Clear GIFs : Clear GIFs , sometimes called `` web bugs '' or `` web beacons , '' are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an e-mail message .
We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior , deliver cookies , collect information , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email .
Log Files : Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users ' browsing habits .
These entries help Hasbro determine ( among other things ) how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services , which pages of our Services they 've visited , and other similar data .
We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy .
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services .
For example , if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site , we will have access to certain information from that site , such as your name , account info and friends , in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site .
For a list of third party partners we have integrated on our site please click HERE .
We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services .
These tools and services place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your Internet Service Provider , your web browser , the time spent on webpages , the links clicked and the advertisements viewed on those pages .
We use this information to improve our Services and your experience , to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and where the application was downloaded from .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app .
We allow third parties to serve ads on our Services and we engage third parties to place ads for our products and services on other websites .
These third parties place cookies , web beacons and other devices or technologies within the ads .
When you click or scroll over any of these ads , these third parties collect information about your use of the Services and other third party websites .
The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address , your web browser , web pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked and whether you purchased an advertised product .
These third parties use this information to deliver advertising and/or content targeted to your interests .
How does Hasbro use my information
We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services .
For example , we may use your information to :
Send you advertising or promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers and other events of interest from Hasbro and our select partners ;
Operate and improve our Services ;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request , process transactions , and to send you related information , including confirmations and invoices ;
Send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;
Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;
Monitor and evaluate trends , usage and activities in connection with our Services ;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide ads , content , communications or features that match user profiles or interests ;
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ;
Monitor performance of the app , track how users are engaging in the game , identify which app features are least and most utilized , to identify problem areas within the app , and to inform design development for future app updates ; and
Obtain consent from parents in order to allow children to upload videos and voice recordings to YouTube or share through SMS messaging .
Hasbro may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
With whom does Hasbro share my personal information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services , including :
With your consent , including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ;
With third party vendors , consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us .
These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us , and , unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out , will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this Policy .
When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to ( i ) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities ; ( ii ) protect the rights and property of Hasbro and our employees , agents , users and other third parties , including to enforce our agreements , policies and Terms and Conditions of Use and protect against fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate , or unlawful use of our Services ; and ( iii ) protect the safety of Hasbro our users or any third party ; and
In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , bankruptcy or reorganization , financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company .
We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify .
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools ( such as the Facebook `` Like '' button or widgets ) , which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features .
These features may also collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
Linking to Third Party Sites
To provide relevant information not found on our Services , to facilitate online shopping , and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts ( such as Facebook and other social media sites ) , Hasbro may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites .
Hasbro will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party 's site .
Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties ' privacy policies , and we encourage you to read the third parties ' privacy policies before submitting personal or other information or using the websites and/or applications .
What are my information choices
If you choose to send us an e-mail , please be sure to include in your message , the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the e-mail address you used to register so that we can verify your request .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies .
Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services .
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services .
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails , text messages or mail from Hasbro by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us .
If you opt out , we may still send you transactional or relationship messages , such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations .
Safeguarding your personal information
Hasbro has established policies to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
For example , Hasbro has established policies to provide you with a reasonably secureconnection when you create an account or enter payment information ( encrypted ) for the purchase of a product .
Hasbro retains your information for business purposes , for as long as your account is active and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services .
We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact Hasbro , using the following contact information :
Hasbro , Inc .
Attention : Website Administrator
1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906
Pawtucket , RI 02861
( 800 ) 255-5516
For additional information about our Services , please see our Terms and Conditions of Use .
Hasbro has developed its Services to be an enjoyable experience for children ( and adults ) of all ages .
The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the Services and how the Services operate .
Please discuss this Policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the Services and the information they may be asked to provide .
Hasbro believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the Services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the Services , and will better protect its users ' privacy .
If you have any questions or comments about our Policy , please contact us using the contact information provided below .
For any other issue , please contact Customer Service .
Collection and Use of Children 's Personal Information
Hasbro may collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age ( `` children '' or `` child '' ) if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations .
To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental consent is required , we ask all prospective registrants to submit their date of birth .
Those users that indicate they are less than 13 years of age are taken through a parental consent process .
When provided by the parent or guardian , Hasbro may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13 : name , email address , parent 's or guardian 's name , and parent 's or guardian 's email address .
Hasbro may also collect the child 's mailing address when necessary to fulfill a transaction , such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize .
Hasbro may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child 's date of birth , gender , and other preferences ; and , combine such information with the child 's personal information .
Hasbro will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child 's parent or guardian .
For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools , please see our section on ( above ) .
Once collected , a child 's registration information may be used to : ( a ) fulfill a transaction , such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize , or ( b ) send the child requested promotional materials , including information about new products , contests , features and enhancements , special offers , and other events of interest ( e.g. , Birthday Club e-mails ) .
We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors and to better meet their needs .
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child 's participation in an activity - like contests - on the child 's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
This means that if we do n't need a specific piece of information ( like the child 's phone number ) to allow the child to participate in a contest , we simply wo n't ask for it .
To read about the steps Hasbro takes to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of children 's personal information , please see our section on `` Safeguarding your personal information '' ( above ) .
Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Hasbro .
Hasbro 's contact information is as follows :
Hasbro , Inc .
Attention : Website Administrator
1027 Newport Avenue , Mailstop A906
Pawtucket , RI 02861
( 800 ) 255-5516
Disclosure of Children 's Personal Information
We follow our standard policy ( `` With whom does Hasbro share my personal information '' ( above ) ) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13 .
A parent who has already given Hasbro permission to collect and use his or her child 's personal information can , at any time , do the following : ( 1 ) review , correct , or have deleted the child 's personal information ; and/or , ( 2 ) discontinue further collection or use of the child 's personal information .
To make changes to your child 's demographic information , you may also visit the online profile section of one of our Services .
We will be happy to honor your request .
Back to start of Hasbro Privacy Policy .
If you no longer with to allow your child to upload videos to Youtube or share the videos or voice recordings they are able to make within the application , please delete the application from the device and do not allow your child to use it any longer .

Hattrick Ltd , a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42 , Victoria House , 26 Main Street , Gibraltar , publisher of Hattrick.org , has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site .
Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for processing the data .
Further , Hattrick 's Game Masters , as a part of administering and supervising the games , act as Hattrick 's data assistants and process the data , within and outside the EEA area .
The game masters have entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy .
Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is borne by Hattrick Ltd .
Purpose of Hattrick 's processing
Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and administering Hattrick , to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes explained below .
Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you ( such as account details or in-game communication ) , data that has been created or logged automatically by our systems ( for example IP logs or game updates ) , as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service , developers or Game Masters to record account events .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
IP addresses are also logged and used for security purposes , and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters within the game itself .
We do not use cookies to extract information from you , solely to simplify your visits , mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of the site you want to start your visit with , or to remember last login date so that we can distinguish new users from returning ones .
A temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your `` session '' .
Without that temporary cookie ( which is not stored after you quit your browser ) you would have had to log on again on each page .
This will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions on our web site .
When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites , these may install tracking cookies on your computer .
This is beyond the control of Hattrick .
We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or targeting ads , offers and other marketing messages .
No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies .
Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , e-mail , and postal address ) .
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary .
It is in the users interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the user 's right to his or her account .
The customer 's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message , Hattrick newsletters ( this can be opted out from ) , password reminders upon request , inactivity reminders , subscription expiration reminders , order confirmations , information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly information about new features to users with deleted accounts .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information , products , and services .
We collect contact information ( like their e-mail address ) , and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) .
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic information ( like zip code , age , or income level ) .
Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
This site contains links to other sites .
Hattrick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites , even if we have a special relationship with them .
Sponsors , business partners , co-branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products and services to you within the Hattrick web site , but we will ask you before passing on any of your personal information to other parties .
The only exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another company .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
If you upload pictures of yourself , Hattrick will consider your uploading as your express consent to the use of your picture .
If pictures would include pictures of your friends or other third parties , you must ensure that such persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it .
All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used by us for the operation of the game , including investigations into cheating , fraud or criminal activities .
Barring a court order , we will not share such information with third parties other than the police , our Game Masters , our system administrators , our legal representatives and companies that develop or operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
These include firewalls , physical security and password protection .
E-mail messages may be sent to all registered users .
You can opt out from receiving most messages only by terminating the account .
You can opt out from The Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick > Preferences > Site Preferences .
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided :
- You can change your data under MyHattrick > Preferences .
- You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool .
If you want a copy of your personal data , or if you want us to erase it , please send us a personally signed letter to the address stated above .
Amendments of the Privacy Policy
Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting .
Such amendments will be communicated here , to the e-mail address stated in your account or through a notice on our home page .
Your continued use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the Privacy Statement .

Harvard Business School understands that the privacy of its users is important .
To that end , we have adopted the following policy with regard to the collection , use , and dissemination of personal information requested from visitors to this site .
Personal information is information associated with a user 's name or personal identity .
We are providing this policy below so that you may understand the terms and conditions associated with the provision of any personal information to us .
Please note , however , that this policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies continue to develop and evolve rapidly , and that such changes may require us to alter our Privacy Policy .
Any such alterations will not affect our general commitment to the protection of our visitors ' privacy .
We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this page .
Your continued use of this Website constitutes acceptance of such terms and policies .
You may visit our website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information .
However , certain transactions that you choose to engage in on this site will require your submission of personal information , including , but not limited to , news feed requests , brochure or video requests , listservs and mailing lists , alumni profile updates , applications and certain databases .
As a general rule , Harvard Business School will not sell , swap , rent , or otherwise disclose to any third party any such personal information for commercial purposes .
Such information will be utilized only for the purpose stated .
To accomplish such purpose , Harvard Business School may disclose the information to its employees , consultants and agents ( including , for purposes of the application process , alumni interviewers ) who have a legitimate need to know the information .
Harvard Business School also reserves the right to disclose this information under special circumstances , including disclosures required by law , court order or circumstances under which disclosure , in the sole discretion of Harvard Business School , is necessary to protect the legal rights , including the intellectual property rights , of Harvard Business School or the President and Fellows of Harvard College .
Personal Information Collected and Use of Information
Alumni profile information submitted for inclusion in the HBS Alumni Directory or submitted via other University channels is available to HBS alumni , faculty , staff , and students , pursuant to privacy settings chosen by individual alumni participants .
Data in the alumni directory includes but is not limited to : contact information , employment history , interests , and education history and are intended to facilitate inter-alumni communication , as well as communication between the School and its alumni .
Use beyond this stated purpose , whether commercial in nature or otherwise , ( including sale , solicitation , promotion , market research , surveying , etc . ) of information obtained from the alumni directory is prohibited .
The admissions processes for HBS Executive Education programs , MBA program , and Doctoral programs require applicants to provide personal information and preferences .
The applicant also has the option of providing additional company information during this process .
We encourage our applicants to fill in all of this information , so that the Admissions Committee can select the most qualified and diverse group from among the pool of candidates , ensuring an interactive and invigorating learning experience for all program participants .
Except as set forth in our General Statement above , personal information that you provide us will be utilized only for the purpose for which it has been requested .
We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information about children age 13 or younger .
If you suspect that we have personal , identifying information about your child , please notify us immediately so that we may remove this information from our database .
Usage Information Collected and Use of Information
Harvard Business School may collect other information about its users that is not connected with any specific personal identity , such as data about usage and service operation .
The following summarizes the types of information that we may collect .
SYSTEM INFORMATION , IP ADDRESSES AND REFERRERS
When you connect to our website , our web server may record the numerical Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using , information about your browser and operating system , date and time of access and the internet address and page which linked you to our site .
The School 's staff uses such information to help diagnose problems with our server , to administer and improve our website and to generate aggregate statistical reports that analyze general user information and demographics .
Unless required by legal process , we do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable .
This means that user sessions may be tracked by IP address , but a user 's identity remains anonymous .
In addition , we ordinarily do not disclose to third parties site usage by individual IP addresses , but may do so in very limited circumstances when complying with law or legal process , working with consultants assisting us in fixing or improving our site , or in monitoring and improving the security of our network .
Our staff monitors search terms that users enter into our Search Engine , but this tracking is never associated with individual users .
Cookies are unique bits of computer data that many major websites will transfer to your computer the first time that you visit .
Cookies are stored on your hard drive and may be later accessed by the website to track prior usage .
Harvard Business School uses cookies and pixels , or transparent GIF files , to help manage online advertising .
These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners .
These files enable the adservers to recognize the unique cookies on your Web browser , which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website .
The cookie was placed by us , or by our ad management partner .
With both cookies and Spotlight technology , the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable .
It does not contain your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
A cookie may also be used to deliver customizable and personalized services and information by tracking which pages a user has already visited .
We may also use cookies to anonymously track session information , such as pages visited or duration of visit , which will help us continue to improve our format and content .
You may be able to set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when one is being sent .
It is likely that some portions of our site will not operate properly if cookies are disabled .
The Harvard Business School site contains links to other independently run Web sites within the Harvard network and to some sites outside both the `` hbs.edu '' and `` harvard.edu '' domains that are not controlled by Harvard Business School or Harvard University and are not covered by this privacy policy .
Harvard Business School is not responsible for the privacy practices , security or content of such Web sites .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Unfortunately , due to the nature of Internet communications , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure .
While Harvard Business School remains committed to protecting the privacy of our users , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
We do so by using secure technology , privacy protection controls , and restrictions on employee access , however , we make no representations regarding the veracity of such measures .

Who is covered by this Policy
Information covered by this Policy
This Policy seeks to cover private information of the Visitors provided to HDFC Bank online as also any information collected by the bank server from the visitors browser .
( `` the Information '' )
The Features of the Policy
All Information collected shall only be used to provide the Visitor with the best possible services .
The Information shall not be shared with any external organisation unless the same is necessary to enable HDFC Bank to provide you services or to enable the compilation of a transaction , credit reporting , or the same is necessary or required pursuant to applicable banking norms or pursuant to the terms and conditions applicable to such Information as agreed to with HDFC Bank .
Needless to add , confidentiality norms as applicable to banks shall be adhered to .
HDFC Bank may also share Information to provide you with superior services and a range of offers .
HDFC Bank will use the Information to improve the visitor experience on the site and make subsequent offers to the visitor on products which may be of interest to him / her .
The HDFC Bank website uses cookies .
Cookies are small data files that a website stores on your computer .
We use persistent cookies which are permanently placed on your computer to store non-personal ( Browser , ISP , OS , Clickstream information etc ) and profiling information ( age , gender , income etc ) .
While cookies have unique identification nos , personal information ( name , a/c no , contact nos etc ) SHALL NOT be stored on the cookies .
We will use the information stored in the cookies to improve visitor experience through throwing up relevant content where possible .
We will also use the cookies to store visitor preferences to ease visitor navigation on the site .
We may in the future implement encryption of the cookies .
HDFC Bank also may disclose information about you as permitted or required by law .
At HDFC Bank , we value your relationship and will at all times strive to ensure your privacy .

This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site .
Please note that Head-Fi is a member of the community of websites hosted on the Huddler , Inc .
As a result of Head-Fi 's relationship with Huddler , the policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy govern and apply equally to Huddler with respect to Huddler 's use and disclosure of personal information from users of the Site , whether Huddler collects such information itself or receives such information from Head-Fi .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes .
As used in this policy , the terms using and processing information include using cookies on a computer , subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way , including , but not limited to collecting , storing , evaluating , modifying , deleting , using , combining , disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally .
Information Collection and Use
When you register with us through the Site we will ask you for certain personally identifiable information .
This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ( Personal Information ) .
Personal Information includes , but is not limited to , your name , phone number , credit card or other billing information , email address and home and business postal addresses .
Personal Information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of the Site and Services .
We use Personal Information for the following purposes : ( i ) to provide the Site and the Services and to administer your inquiries ; ( ii ) to enable users to easily use and navigate the Site and the Services ; ( iii ) to improve and optimize the Services ; ( iv ) to better understand users ' needs and interests , ( v ) to personalize your experience ; and ( vi ) to provide you with further information and offers from us that we believe you may find useful or interesting .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account .
We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your Account profile ( e.g. , without limitation , zip code ( on its own ) and individual preferences or demographic information ) ( `` Non-Identifying Information '' ) .
We use your Personal Information ( in some cases , in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information ) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy only and particularly to provide the Services , complete your transactions , and administer your inquiries .
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers ( for example , combining your zip code with your street address ) in a way that enables you to be identified .
But the same items of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information ( for example , your demographic information ) .
We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Members or unregistered users for internal purposes only to attempt to provide you with a better experience , to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used .
We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Head-Fi newsletters , marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account .
When you visit the Site , whether as a Member or as an unregistered user just browsing , our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( Log Data ) .
This Log Data may include information such as your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site , pages of our Site that you visit , the time spent on those pages , information you search for on our Site , access times and dates , and other statistics .
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Services and for the Site 's technical administration , to increase our Site 's functionality and user-friendliness , and to better tailor it to our visitors ' needs .
For example , some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again , it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests .
We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests .
We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information , though we may aggregate , analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information .
Like many websites , we use cookies to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies for two purposes .
First , we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site .
Second , we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Members and unregistered users and web traffic routing on the Site .
Unlike persistent cookies , session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Services and then close your browser .
Third-party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services .
Emailing Via a Head-Fi Account
As part of the Services , Members may communicate with other Members and with unregistered users through use of their Accounts .
For Members who have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form , the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Head-Fi to those email addresses on their behalf .
These email addresses will be stored in the address book the Member creates and will be used only for the purpose of sending the email communication to the addressee .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to Head-Fi .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority .
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , your account ID , login password , or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
For more information about phishing , visit the Federal Trade Commission 's website .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site according to the preferences you set in your account .
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Members and unregistered Site users to know about you .
We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages .
You can review and revise your profile information at any time .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling and other purposes .
Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information .
We may employ third-party companies ( such as Huddler ) and individuals to facilitate and provide the Site and Services , including , without limitation , maintenance services , database management , web analytics and improvement of the features of the Site and Services , analyzing how the Site and Services are used .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you .
You can , at any time , opt out of receiving such information .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement .
Head-Fi cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including but not limited to subpoenas ) , to protect the property and rights of Head-Fi or a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , any illegal , unethical or legally actionable activity .
Head-Fi may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All Members may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us .
If you completely delete all such information , then your account may become deactivated .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
Publicly Accessible Areas of the Service and Private Messaging
`` Publicly accessible '' areas of the Service are those areas of Head-Fi that are intended by Head-Fi 's management to be available to the general public .
By way of example , publicly accessible areas of the Service would include Head-Fi Message Boards that are open to both members and visitors .
However , publicly accessible areas of the Service would not include portions of Head-Fi that are limited to members .
The use of the the Private Messaging Service is not Private in the sense that it is a message seen only by the sender and receiver .
While the message is private from the rest of the members , it is not encrypted and the administration of Head-Fi can view them if needed .
All rules that apply to posting on the Main Forums ALSO apply to the use of our Private Messaging System and violators may have their posting privileges subject to the same revocations as on the Forum in general .
Head-Fi is very concerned with safeguarding your information .
We employ reasonable physical , technological , and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security , confidentiality , or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data ( as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification ) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay , insofar as consistent with ( i ) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or ( ii ) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system .
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us , Head-Fi transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third-party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third-party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
Our Policy Toward Children
This Site is not directed to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .

Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
We 're telling you about HealthCare.gov 's privacy policy so you know what information we collect , why we collect it , and what we do with it .
HealthCare.gov does n't collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit to our website unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our site .
We do this so we can understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
Healthcare.gov never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to our mission and goals .
Types of information we collect
When you browse through any website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following types of information about your visit :
Domain from which you access the Internet
IP address ( an IP or internet protocol address is a number that is automatically given to a computer connected to the Web )
Operating system on your computer and information about the browser you used when visiting the site
Date and time of your visit
Address of the website that connected you to HealthCare.gov ( such as google.com or bing.com )
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
How HealthCare.gov uses information it collects
HealthCare.gov uses a variety of Web measurement software tools .
We use them to collect the information listed in the Types of information collected section above .
The tools collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected by these tools .
The HealthCare.gov staff analyzes and reports on the collected data from these tools .
The reports are available only to HealthCare.gov managers , members of the HealthCare.gov communications and Web teams , and other designated staff who need this information to perform their duties .
HealthCare.gov also uses an online survey to collect opinions and feedback .
This online survey appears on the bottom left of many pages on the site .
You do n't have to answer these questions .
Please do not to include any personally identifiable information ( PII ) in comments you make .
We analyze and use this information to improve the site 's operation and content .
The reports are available only to HealthCare.gov managers , members of the communications and Web teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
HealthCare.gov keeps the data from our measurement tools as long as needed to support the mission of the website .
How HealthCare.gov uses cookies
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies , allows federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from HealthCare.gov pages collect only information about your browser 's visit to the site .
They do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) , and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to allow better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1Single Session .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to understand the differences between new and returning HealthCare.gov visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to our site until they expire .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
How to opt out or disable cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at HealthCare.gov .
Please note that by opting out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just from HealthCare.gov .
How we protect your personal information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit HealthCare.gov .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information through an email message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , survey , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If in order to contact you we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , we will safeguard the information you provide in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
If HealthCare.gov operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following five criteria :
HealthCare.gov legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of HealthCare.gov
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
Data safeguards and privacy
All uses of Web-based technologies comply with existing privacy and data safeguarding policies and standards .
CMS conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
For these records , CMS Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the CMS Senior Official for Privacy Website .
When you visit CMS sites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages .
When Web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :
Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology
Usage tier , session type , and technology used
Nature of the information collected
Purpose and use of the information
Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed
Privacy safeguards applied to the information
Data retention policy for the information
Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why
How to opt out of the web measurement/customization technology
Statement that opting out still permits users to access comparable information or services
Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process
How long we keep data and how we access it
HealthCare.gov will keep data collected long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected .
How HealthCare.gov uses third-party websites and applications
As a response to OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive , HealthCare.gov uses a variety of technologies and social media services to communicate and interact with citizens .
These third-party website and application ( TPWA ) tools include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities , and more .
Examples include Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
TPWAs are not exclusively operated or controlled by HealthCare.gov .
Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third party operating the website .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to HealthCare.gov and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly asked for or collected by us .
HealthCare.gov sometimes collects and uses your PII if you made it available through third-party websites .
However , we do not share PII made available through third-party websites .
Your activity on the third-party websites we use is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites .
You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
If you have an account with a third-party website and choose to like , friend , follow , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to HealthCare.gov based on the privacy policy of the third-party website and your privacy settings within that website .
You should adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences .
Links to other sites
HealthCare.gov links to other HHS sites , other government sites , and occasionally to private organizations .
Once you leave HealthCare.gov , you are subject to the privacy policy for the sites you are visiting .
HHS is not responsible for the contents of any off-site web page .
A link to a page does not constitute an endorsement .
If you are an applicant on the individual Marketplace , read our Individual Privacy Act statement .
If you are an agent or broker , read our Agent and Broker Privacy Act statement
Learn more about how we use your individual Marketplace information .
If you are an employer applying in the Small Business Health Options Program , read our SHOP Employer Privacy Statement .
You can also learn more about how we use your SHOP information .

Because your privacy is important to us , HEAVY has established procedures to protect any personal information you provide to us in accordance with the following principles :
Collecting and Sharing Personal Information
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
For example , HEAVY asks you for your name and e-mail address if you wish to join our mailing list , and we also may request that you provide Personal Information as part of a contest , promotion , program , or service .
We may also ask for other information from time to time , such as gender and date of birth , the disclosure of which will be optional .
We use your Personal Information for various purposes consistent with US law , and we may occasionally inform you of new features , services , and products .
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our sites , such as the type of browser you are using , the operating system you are using , and the domain name of your internet service provider .
We may use this non-personally identifiable information to improve our site and to enable us to personalize your experience on HEAVY .
We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyze the HEAVY site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
HEAVY does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
We may place a text file called a `` cookie '' in the browser files of your computer .
The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable the HEAVY to relate your use of HEAVY to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to HEAVY .
HEAVY reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event HEAVY believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of the Terms of Service or other published guidelines or to commit unlawful acts , if the information is subpoenaed , or otherwise requested through legal process .
HEAVY cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities .
By agreeing to the conditions of this Privacy Policy and HEAVY 's Terms of Service , you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when HEAVY , in its sole discretion , determines the disclosure to be appropriate .
In the event your Personal Information is being sold , rented , and/or shared with any third party we will use good faith efforts to post a notice on the site clearly stating that the information is being so used and/or give you the opportunity to opt-in to authorize the use .
By using this website and the services available to you on our site , you consent to our collection and use of your information as described above .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies .
We may provide links to a number of other sites that we believe can offer you useful information and services .
However , we are not responsible for the privacy policies of or any actions of any third parties that control the activities of such third party sites .
We suggest contacting the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing their online policies for the relevant information about their data collection .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online , that information can be collected and used by others .
Therefore , when you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our services , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and for any other personal information .
If at any time you believe HEAVY has not adhered to these principles , please notify us .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit HEAVY 's websites .
The third-party advertising technology that we use on HEAVY uses information derived from your visits to HEAVY to target advertising within HEAVY .
In addition , our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on HEAVY 's websites or other websites .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed in your browser .
In addition , HEAVY may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable HEAVY to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site .
To `` opt-out , '' please click here .

Updated as of December 10 , 2013
This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) explains how your personal information is collected , used and disclosed by hi5 Inc. ( `` hi5 '' ) and its parent company , Tagged , Inc .
( `` Tagged '' ) .
The Sites are intended to let you meet and interact with new people and stay in touch with friends .
Like any website that offers a service where you register and provide information about yourself or your opinions , it is wise to pay attention to your personal information .
At hi5 , we understand this , and have established this Policy to explain how information is collected on the Sites , and how this information is used and disclosed .
How Does hi5 Protect Children 's Privacy
The safety and privacy of children is extremely important to us .
hi5 is a general audience web site that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Our registration process is designed to restrict children under the age of 13 from becoming members of hi5 and using our site .
If we receive information suggesting that a user who has registered with hi5 is under the age of 13 , we require the user to provide evidence confirming that the user is at least 13 years old .
If the user fails to provide such information within 48 hours , we immediately terminate the user 's account and nullify all personally identifiable information displaying on the site .
What Is the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) requires that commercial web sites obtain parental consent ( under most circumstances ) prior to the collection of any personally identifiable information from children whom they know to be under the age of 13 .
In addition , COPPA requires that web sites that collect personal information from children under the age of 13 provide parents with :
Parents must be provided notice regarding what information is collected , how the information will be used , and with whom the information may be shared .
The ability to prevent further use of the information collected about the child and prevent any future collection of personal information from the child .
The ability to access and review their child 's personal information .
COPPA also limits the amount of personal information a web site can collect from a child .
Web sites may not collect any more personal information than is necessary to participate in a given game or activity .
For more information about COPPA , please visit the Federal Trade Commission 's web site .
If you would like to know more about our site , information practices , stored information about your child , or how to close your child 's account , please contact hi5 by sending a letter to hi5 Inc. , 110 Pacific Ave Mall , Box # 117 , San Francisco , CA 94111 .
We will happily respond to all letters from parents with Privacy questions or concerns .
User Information Collected by hi5
Personally Identifiable User Information
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Sites .
For example , we collect personally identifiable information you provide to us , such as when you register on the Sites , including .
your first and last name , email address , zip code , a user-chosen password , and date of birth and other personal information .
To complete the registration process , hi5 sends a validation email message to each user , with a URL link back to the Sites .
This URL contains an alphanumeric identifier and a user-specific numeric passcode that allows us to confirm the user 's identity .
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Sites .
hi5 may store and process personally identifiable information in the United States and other countries .
Cookies and Passive Data Collection
hi5 logs standard user information and clickstream data for all users , including a user 's IP address , operating system , and page views .
When users visit particular pages within hi5 , a UserID may be placed in the URL , allowing customized features for the user .
Users should be aware that other websites visited before entering hi5 might place personally identifiable information within a user 's URL during a visit to their website , and hi5 has no control over such websites .
Accordingly , some of this information may be logged by a subsequent website that collects URL information .
In addition to the standard log information , hi5 uses a variety of technologies to create a more personalized experience for its users .
Cookies are small data files sent by websites to a user 's browser and hard drive that identify the computer to the website .
We use cookies to allow enhanced features , such as allowing registered users to bypass typing their passwords before entering the website .
We may also use cookies to enable customizable content for users , as they become available .
Users have the option , within their Internet browsers , to disable cookies and continue to access the hi5 website .
Pixel tags are tiny graphic files that are included in HTML-encoded e-mail messages .
We use pixel tags to gather information about the e-mails we send to our registered users .
When such a message is opened in an HTML-capable e-mail program , the recipient 's computer accesses our server to retrieve the pixel tag file , and allows us to record and store the date and time , the recipient 's e-mail address , and other standard logging information .
The pixel tag also may read cookies .
hi5 web pages may also contain similar pixel tags that allow us to count users who have visited those pages , to compile aggregated statistics about site usage , and to deliver co-branded services as they become available .
hi5 pixel tags collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the pixel tag resides .
You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely .
However , unless you accept cookies , you will not have access to certain hi5 services .
hi5 web pages may also contain pixel tags placed there by third party ad servers , to monitor the effectiveness of their advertising .
We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' cookies or how they may be used .
If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here .
Other local storage .
We , along with our partners and vendors , use other kinds of local storage , such as Local Shared Objects ( also referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) and HTML5 local storage , in connection with the hi5 services .
Sometimes called `` browser cookies , '' these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences .
However , these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies .
Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls .
For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects , please click here .
Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of hi5 .
We , along with our partners and vendors , may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server , including so-called `` pixel tags , '' `` web beacons , '' `` clear GIFs , '' or similar means ( collectively , `` Pixel Tags '' ) .
Pixel Tags , which can be embedded in web pages , videos , or emails , can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser , check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message , and determine , among other things , the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag , the IP address of your computer , and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed .
We use Pixel Tags to improve your hi5 experience , including to provide you with content customized to your interests .
All personal information collected by hi5 in connection with your use of the Sites , including , without limitation , your name , location , email address , pictures , friend connections , messages , comments , login information , IP addresses and other data , will be stored only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal reporting or documentation retention requirements .
How hi5 Uses the User Information
We use personal information collected through our Sites for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Sites or in connection with our services , including the hi5 referral program and friend list building .
Personally identifiable information including members ' pictures and names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction on hi5 and Tagged .
Email addresses are used , among other purposes , to invite new friends to join hi5 and to add users to members ' friends ' networks .
To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service , the Sites allow users to search for other members using first and last name , email address , location and schools where users may have attended .
We also use email addresses to send useful information to all registered users regarding the Sites , including news about products and services offered by hi5 , Tagged and our selected partners .
For example , we provide users with an opportunity to send their friends invitations to join hi5 .
The user can send such invitations either by entering the email address of the referral or importing an address book and selecting the specific email addresses that they would like to invite .
This results in an email being sent from that registered user to the referral address , encouraging the referral to sign up on the Sites .
If the referred person does not sign up within a few days , we may also send periodic reminders from the registered user to the referral address .
All registered users will be able to view other users ' Stats , Profiles , Comments , photos , Feed updates , About Me , Tags , Videos , Groups , Questions , Gifts and friend list pages , which may include personal information .
From time to time , hi5 may share the email address and/or other personally identifiable information of any registered user with third parties for marketing purposes , to target advertising and to improve user experience on hi5 's pages in general .
We may also link or combine with other personal information we get from third parties , to help understand your needs and provide you with better service .
Cookies and Passive Data Collection
hi5 uses cookie , IP address , clickstream and URL information to , among other purposes , improve the content of the Sites , the quality of hi5 servers , and to provide enhanced features to users , where available .
We use cookies to save UserIDs , session validators , and on users ' browsers and hard drives , and may use them to provide tailored products or services to those users , as they become available .
We also cross-match user information with information collected from cookies and clickstream data in order to test features of the Sites , and to better personalize our various offerings for users .
IP Addresses also help us to diagnose problems with our server , to administer the hi5 site , and to otherwise provide the hi5 service to its users .
IP addresses may be disclosed to a third party if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process so requires , or to protect the rights or property of hi5 or others .
From time to time we may extend various offers from various partner companies , including news or additional details on products and services .
A user 's usage history may result in specifically tailored special offer screens or products .
We may also produce aggregate reports for advertisers .
For example , we may report to advertisers the number of users who clicked on an ad , or the number of users that visited different portions of the Sites .
hi5 allows Members to provide information to a profile and other parts of the site that is accessible to other users .
We use this profile information for the purposes of providing our services to you , such as to analyze demographics , to better personalize our various offerings for users , or to enable other users to find your profile .
All information , including any personally identifiable information , which is disclosed by users in his or her public profile and other parts of the site are available for others to see on the Sites .
Please do not post direct contact information in either your profile or other locations , such as your email addresses , URLs , instant messenger IDs , phone numbers , full names , or addresses .
We also caution you not to share sensitive information ( such as social security numbers , credit card numbers , and driver 's license numbers ) with other users whom you do not know or place such information in your profile .
You are aware that when you publish content or information using the `` everyone '' setting , you are allowing everyone , including people off hi5 and Tagged , to access that information and to associate it with you .
Sharing Your Content and Information
hi5 allows Members to upload and share content and information .
You own the content and information that you post on hi5 and have the ability to control how it is shared through your privacy settings.For content that is covered by intellectual property rights , including but not limited to photos , videos and written compositions ( `` IP Content '' ) , you specifically give us the following permission : you grant us a non-exclusive , transferable , sublicensable , royalty-free , worldwide license to use any IP Content that you post on or in connection with hi5 and Tagged ( `` IP License '' ) .
For example , hi5 and Tagged may make commercial use and/or otherwise display your name and/or IP Content in or in connection with endorsements of and/or advertisements promoting hi5 , Tagged and their services .
This IP License ends when you delete your IP Content or your account , unless your IP Content has been shared with others , and they have not deleted the IP Content .
When you delete IP Content it is removed from the Sites .
However , you understand that we may maintain backup copies of the IP Content , as part of our document retention policy .
The Invite Friends feature is an easy way for hi5 users to invite friends through email .
The email address ( es ) that you supply to use this service may be used to send invitations , and in some cases invitation reminders , to connect with you on hi5 .
At various times we may offer surveys or contests to users .
Surveys may ask for contact , demographic or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results .
Contests may require contact information or other demographic or personally identifiable information in order to determine eligibility .
hi5 may use information collected from surveys and contests for the entertainment of users , and to determine , notify and contact winners of various contests .
In addition , users ' demographic and/or personally identifiable information and responses to survey and contest questions may be used by hi5 and/or shared with third parties in order to provide specifically tailored special offers or advertisements .
hi5 will not share a user 's email address with third parties unless the user specifically opts-in to such sharing during the completion of or registration for a survey or contest .
Third Party Links and Ad Servers
Please be aware that links to third party websites and third-party ad server advertisements that are found on hi5 may , or may not , use cookies , pixel tags and web tags .
hi5 may provide links to third party websites , which may , or may not , use cookies , pixel tags and web tags .
Ad servers may also use these tools to compile information about where users saw particular advertisements , and to determine which ads were clicked on .
We are not responsible for , or have any control over , the privacy policies of those third party websites and ad servers , and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when linking directly from hi5 .
Protection of hi5 and Others
hi5 may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process .
hi5 may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others , in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms of Service ; respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties ; respond to your requests for customer service ; or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of hi5 , Tagged , their users or the general public .
hi5 uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected by the Sites in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public , we can not guarantee complete security .
Further , while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems , we can not guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party `` hackers '' from illegally obtaining this information .
Updating or Removing User Information
As a registered user , you may , at any time , choose to correct or update the information you have submitted to us .
This may be done by the following method :
Log in to your hi5 account on our Sites .
Click the `` Account '' link on the top right hand corner .
Change or edit any of the information there .
Users can manage their mailing preferences to specify which type of email to opt-out of on their Account Settings page when they are logged in , simply by un-checking the boxes under the Email Preferences section , indicating which type of email they would not like to receive .
Canceling one 's account will also prevent a user from receiving future communications from hi5 , and hi5 will not share the user 's information with third parties for marketing purposes .
However , you may still receive a user generated invitation form your friends asking you to join hi5 .
We at hi5.com are opposed to spam .
Our No Spam Policy and Terms of Service prohibit all users from engaging in any activity involving spam on our service .
Violations of these policies may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any spammer .
hi5 's Terms of Service expressly prohibit users from uploading , posting , emailing , transmitting or otherwise making available junk mail , commercial advertisements , or other form of commercial solicitation on the Sites or through hi5 's services .
Any violation of our policies , by sending unsolicited email advertisements to or through hi5.com computer systems , will use or cause to be used hi5.com servers , located in California .
Accordingly , any unauthorized use of hi5.com computer systems is a violation of our policies and certain federal and state laws , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ( 18 U.S.C . sect 1030 et seq . ) , Section 502 of the California Penal Code and Section 17538.45 of the California Business and Professions Code .
Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties .
In the event of a change in ownership , or a direct merger or acquisition with another entity , we reserve the right to transfer all of hi5 's user information , including email addresses and postal addresses , to a separate entity .
All registered users will be notified of any change in ownership , merger or acquisition of hi5 's assets by a third party , and may choose to modify any of their registration information at that time .
Revisions to This Policy
hi5 reserves the right to revise , amend , or modify this Policy from time to time .
If we make any changes to this Policy , we will change the `` Updated as of '' date above .
Users with questions about this Policy and any of the aforementioned statements may contact hi5 by sending a letter to hi5 Inc. , 110 Pacific Ave Mall , Box # 117 , San Francisco , CA 94111 .
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY .
Effective Date December 10 , 2013 .
Online Safety > >

Effective Date : May 30 , 2012
High Gear Media Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in this website 's services and privacy information .
This privacy policy applies to all websites within the High Gear Media Network .
Because the network sites share a common platform and registration system , the information that you provide on one site may be used when you visit any other site within the network .
This privacy policy does not apply to information that you choose to publicly post to or display on the site .
Please note that you grant us a license to all publicly-posted content and it can be syndicated to other sites and content partners .
What may this site collect
You can visit the site and use many of its features without having to identify yourself or reveal any personal information .
If you register with the site , participate or participate in various other features of the site ( such as post a comment or enroll in a contest ) , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , email address , or address ( Personal Information ) .
In addition , you may be asked to provide non-personally identifiable information such as location , personal or professional interests , demographic information ( such as age and gender ) , or to comment on your experience with our site and/or services .
We may also get data about users from third parties .
If you register with the site through Facebook Connect , we will receive information from your Facebook profile from Facebook .
We may also collect data based on users ' usage of the site and its various features , but it is not personally identifiable except as described below under the IP Addresses section ( Aggregate Data ) .
In addition , we may take your personal information and create anonymized information by excluding information that makes it personally identifiable to you ( Anonymized Data ) .
What about IP addresses
We compile logs of IP addresses of site users for administrative and analytical purposes .
We do not routinely collect any personally identifiable information through our compilation of IP addresses .
However , in cases of suspected abuse or service problems , we may use an IP address in conjunction with other personally identifiable information to enforce our terms of use and/or to protect or troubleshoot the site , its users or others who may be affected .
Except as provided in How does this site use the data it collects ? we will not share personally identifiable information associated with IP addresses with third parties .
How does this site use and share the data it collects
We use the data we collect from our users in the following manner :
a ) to help us improve our content and services
b ) to allow readers to participate in site-related activities and events
c ) to show advertising and content that we think may be of interest to a particular user
d ) to enforce our terms of service
e ) to send mailings , as described under How do you communicate with me ?
We may share Aggregated Data and Anonymized Data with third parties .
We will not provide your Personal Information to a third party in the absence of your express approval , except as follows :
a ) With trusted third party service providers who help us in the operation of our business and who have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of the data
b ) In cases of abusive behavior or suspected violations of our terms of use in order to investigate the violation and to take appropriate action
c ) Where we have a good faith belief that it is required in order to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process , to prevent fraud or imminent harm , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims
d ) If this site is sold or transferred to another company , your Personal Information will also be transferred .
We will notify you if your information will be subject to a different privacy policy .
How may you communicate with me ?
We may send you administrative announcements communicating information about the site , your account or content that you have posted to the account .
You may not opt out of these messages .
If we are required by law to provide you with any notice , such as in the event of a security breach , you consent to receiving notice to the email address you have provided us .
If you sign up to receive any newsletters , you will be able to opt-out of those newsletters by following the procedures described in the newsletter .
What are our policies regarding third parties
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected by advertisers , vendors or other third parties whose content , ads or promotions appear on our website but who operate independently of this site .
It is advised that readers first check the individual privacy policies of such third parties before providing personal information .
Links to third party sites are provided solely as a convenience to our readers .
If you use these links , you will leave this site .
It is not possible to review all such sites and we have no control over , nor do we take responsibility for , their individual content or privacy policies .
Advertisers , survey groups and other sites linked to or from this site may seek to obtain additional information from users .
For example , they may serve cookies , conduct surveys , request personal information or take actions not covered by our privacy policy .
This information will not be gathered by or on behalf of this site unless clearly authorized and stated in such solicitations .
If you choose to do business with vendors on this site , you may be asked to provide personal information , including credit and credit card data .
Any information you share will be covered only by that party 's own privacy policy .
If you decide to provide any of these outside parties with credit information and other personal information , you do so entirely at your own risk .
What About `` Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that may be served to you while visiting a Web site , and which are then stored on your computer 's hard drive .
It is possible you will be served cookies by us , by our advertisers or by the companies that help us deliver advertising on this site .
Cookies help us and advertisers identify users on our site and on other sites .
Please see below under What are your advertising practices to see how these cookies are used .
Web browsers , including Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator , automatically accept cookies .
But they also offer a user the ability to block them , as well .
Doing so will prevent you from using few , if any of the features of this site .
Instructions for blocking cookies can be found in your browser help tab .
What are the site 's advertising practices
We , our advertisers , and our third party advertising companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your interaction with advertising on our Website and your visits to this and other Web sites , including information collected through cookies , in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used companies who participate in the Network Advertising Initiative , please click here .
You can also learn more about specific companies we may allow to place cookies on our site and their policies regarding use of that data and advertising targeting by visiting the following additional links :
What about cookies ?
How about children 's privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities .
This site is not intended for under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Sites to children under the age of 13 .
What are the site 's security practices
We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your user Information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized access or disclosure .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your user Information , we can not guarantee its security .
How will changes to this policy be communicated
We may update this Policy from time to time .
If we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information , we will inform you of such change by posting an updated privacy policy at this location or through email notification , at our option .
Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as soon as it is posted on this site .
How may users change or terminate their account
If you terminate your account ,
your Personal Information will be removed from our system , subject to our right to retain any data necessary to investigate any violation of terms of use or alleged harmful or illegal
For some features , such as newsletter mailings , specified procedures to update your personal information or opt out of the service can be found in your account settings or on the page where you signed up for that service .
Your California Privacy Rights
It is High Gear Media 's policy to share personal information only with the user 's informed consent .
With your consent , from time-to-time , High Gear Media may provide its business partners with contact details for direct marketing purposes of relevant services , products , and programs .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the Shine The Light law , permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please let us know using this contact us form .
You may also let us know at this number that you no longer wish your information to be shared .
How may users communicate with the site
You may also correspond by standard post at :
Palo Alto , CA 94301
For further information on this or any other topics email us using our Contact page .

The Privacy Policy ( hereinafter `` the policy '' ) provided below is with respect to our use and protection of any personal information you provide to us through the hindustantimes.com website .
The Policy is applicable to the website .
It may also be applicable generally to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein .
You may be required to provide personally identifiable information at several different points on our website .
By accepting the policy at the time of registration , you expressly approve and consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy .
You can visit/surf our website without providing any personal information .
However , if you choose to avail of certain services on our website , you shall be required to provide certain information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages .
Such information may include , without limitation , your name , email address , contact address , mobile/telephone number ( s ) , sex , age , occupation , interests , financial information , content , IP address , standard web log information and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services .
a ) At HT Media We collect only Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) of users .
We clearly state that that information which is collected is divulged only in the event if user chooses to provide his/her information based on his/her knowledge and self-consent or for any compliance , statutory , governance , legal issues etc .
If you choose to provide us with the abovementioned information , you consent to the use , transfer and storage of the information so provided by you on our servers .
The information provided by you shall not be sold/given/rented to third parties ( third parties for this purpose do not include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) for marketing purposes and other related activities without your prior consent .
The information provided by you shall be used by us to :
Improve our website and enable us to provide you the most user-friendly experience which is safe , smooth and customized ;
Improve and customize our services , content and other commercial /non - commercial features on the website ;
Send you information on our products , services , special deals , promotions ;
Send you marketing/promotional communications ( If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the website or by providing instructions to this effect ) ;
Send newsletter ( s ) to you ( Provided you subscribe to the same ) ;
Send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so ;
Provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website ( If you participate , we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you .
Moreover , participation in these surveys or contests is shall be completely voluntary and you therefore shall have a choice whether or not to disclose such additional information ) ;
Provide customer support and the services you request ;
Resolve disputes , if any and troubleshooting ;
Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements ;
Provide service updates and promotional offers related to our services/products .
Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ;
Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ;
Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ;
Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ;
Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; and
Respond to Claims of third parties ;
The personal information provided by you shall also be disclosed to :
The members of our corporate family , affiliates , service providers and third parties under a contract to provide joint services , contents and marketing communications ; and
Other third parties to whom you explicitly require us to send the information ;
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website .
However , your friend may contact us to request that he does not require such services/content/email or we remove the information related to him from our database .
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password .
We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries with respect to our services/content , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account .
We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes .
In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third party sources ( third parties for this purpose may include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
We use cookies on the website but do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website .
We do not set cookies to store your passwords .
If you reject cookies , you will still use our website .
We have no access to or control over third party cookies and we do n't store any cookies and just use the facility of .net framework for page output cache .
This privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Changing Your Personal Information
You can access and modify your personal information by signing on to the website .
We will not modify the information provided by you .
However , you must update your personal information as soon as such changes are necessitated .
Where you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it nor shall you be able to close your account .
Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law ( s ) .
However , we will retain your personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce User Agreements ; Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ; Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ; Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ; Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ; Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; Respond to Claims of third parties ; and take such other actions as may be permitted by law .
Your password is the key to your account .
You shall be solely responsible for all the activities happening under your username and you shall be solely responsible for keeping your password secure .
Do not disclose your password to anyone .
If you share your password or your personal information with others , you shall be solely responsible for all actions taken under your username and you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password .
In the event HT Media Ltd. goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred .
Where your information is transferred you will be notified via email/prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter your personal information we treat the data as an asset that must be protected and use tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc . ) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security nor can we guarantee that third parties shall not unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and that other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that you provide .
Therefore , although we work hard to protect your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
Links to Other Sites
The website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by HT Media Ltd .
Please be aware that we , HT Media Ltd. and/or the website , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the website or to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein .
It does not apply to third party advertisements which appear on our websites and we suggest you read the privacy statements of such advertisers .
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement and such other places we deem appropriate so that you are updated about the manner we collect information , what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently at
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us

Personal Data ( Privacy ) Ordinance Notice
Hong Kong Jockey Club and its subsidiaries ( collectively referred to as `` the Club '' ; each a `` HKJC bodies '' ) is committed to ensuring the confidentiality of personal information it holds and safety .
To fulfill this commitment , we will implement the Hong Kong SAR Personal Data ( Privacy ) Ordinance ( `` the Ordinance '' ) principles and requirements .
This Privacy Policy Statement is to explain this would protect the privacy practices .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy Statement , the Hong Kong Jockey Club 's subsidiaries include , but are not limited to : HKJC Horse Race Betting Limited ; HKJC Football Betting Limited ; HKJC Lotteries Limited ; Racing Club Limited .
You can obtain further information on the Hong Kong Jockey Club , a subsidiary of the annual report or contact our Data Protection Privacy Officer Hong Kong Jockey Club .
Collection of Personal Data
`` Personal Information '' means any direct or indirect evidence of personal identity information .
To handle the transaction will be between you , this will be the collection and use of personal information it considers necessary .
The types of personal information collected may include , but clubs are not limited to , the following :
Contact information , such as your name , email address , mailing address , telephone number and fax number ;
The unique identity verification information , such as your Hong Kong identity card number and passport number ;
Billing information , such as your credit card number , bank account information and billing address ;
Demographic information such as age , sex , nationality , marital status , preferences , educational background and employment history ;
Jockey Club to provide personal information is not mandatory , but does not provide personal information may result in the Jockey Club can not process your application or provide facilities and services to you .
Use of Personal Data
Your personal information is available for the following purposes : -
Provide the following services in respect of the Club facilities , services and support , or transactions :
The principal activities of the Club - horse racing , betting and Membership Services ;
Racecourse , clubs , restaurants , hospitality and entertainment ; and / or
Charitable or non-profit affairs including the arts , community service , conservation , culture , education , environmental protection , health care , music , recreation and sports ( `` charitable or non-profit affairs '' ) .
Apply for membership , horse ownership , eligibility audit facilities or services ;
For publicity , marketing and customer management purposes , such as sending offers and promotional materials ( see below `` direct marketing '' ) to you ;
The principal activities of the Club in accordance with the relevant regulations or by-laws , as well as requiring disclosure of the information would be observed in accordance with the laws horse ; and
Will facilitate communication with your horse .
This will also be used from time to time statistical information on the nature of the customer 's non-recognition , to more effectively design and improve the facilities and services provided by the club .
This information will not disclose any personal identity .
Jockey Club intends to use your personal data for the Jockey Club Jockey Club or agency ( or the Jockey Club Jockey Club institution or agent ) for direct marketing purposes , for which the individual may provide your horse will be kept at the agency 's personal data to Other agencies or the horse will be business partners for their direct marketing purposes .
For the kinds of personal data to be used and the proposed sale of the species , see below .
Only unless an exemption or the regulations will receive your consent , otherwise they would not be so used , and / or provide your personal information .
For the purposes of direct marketing above , the Club intends to :
Use your name , contact details and demographic information ; and
Promotions and marketing arrangements provided below or by horse or horses will be institutional facilities , services , support and related projects and activities categories :
Horse racing , betting and Membership Services ;
Racecourse , clubs , restaurants , hospitality and entertainment ;
Horse and Jockey Club will be issued or associates of associates cards , smart cards , or stored value cards ;
Charitable or non-profit business or project .
You may feel free to stop any use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes in any of the above .
If so , you may contact the Privacy Officer Jockey Club data protection .
Disclosure of Personal Data
Your personal information will be provided to the horse will be kept confidential .
Provided that such information is available to provide services to the Jockey Club employees , agents , service providers and consultants to disclose ( or they can be contacted or informed of such information ) , in order to help achieve the goal of collecting data involved .
Your personal information will also be available to other horses agencies involved in order to help achieve the goal of collecting information ( subject to any of the above `` direct marketing '' to agree to the request ) and available to business partners of the Association for the above `` direct Promotions `` purposes .
This will get you in the prescribed consent , or in the case of the law , your personal data will start for the other disclosures made .
Unless the law specifically provides otherwise , when the purpose of the initial data collection is completed , this will take all reasonable and practicable steps to delete your personal data .
Ma is committed to protect the security of your personal information .
This will be from the physical , technological and organizational three aspects to take various measures to help protect your personal data , prevent data access , processing , erasure or other use of unauthorized or accidental .
Change the privacy policy statement
Access to and Correction of Personal Data
You have the right to request access to the personal information about you to save the club , and request correction of such information .
Under the Ordinance , we will deal with these may charge a reasonable fee upon request .
You can write to the following persons made the request :
Sports Road , Happy Valley , Hong Kong
Data Protection Privacy Officer
Data Protection Privacy Officer

H & M values you as a customer and respects your privacy .
This website is operated by hm.com , and this privacy policy applies to any of H & M 's website that link to this policy ( collectively as Website ) .
This Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected through this Website , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded .
By `` personal information '' , we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like preferences ) ( `` personally identifying information '' ) .
Your access and use of the Website constitute your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use including any of their changes or revisions .
We do not sell your information to any third party for any reason .
Additionally , we do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties .
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of H & M with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf or to complete a transaction you authorized .
All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform .
This Privacy Policy addresses the following issues :
What personal information is collected at our website and how is it used ?
How does this website interact with third-party web sites and content ?
What information do we share with third parties ?
What choices do you have over how your information is used ?
What is the policy for visitors outside the U.S. ?
How may I update my personal information ?
How do we address Children 's privacy ?
How do I know my personal information is secure ?
Who may I contact with questions and concerns regarding this policy ?
Because we continue to develop our Website and improve the service we provide , our policies will change over time .
If you are registered with our Website , we may notify you by email of material changes of our Privacy Policy .
You may exercise your choice about how we collect and use your information consistent with this Policy at any time .
If you have any questions about our Policy , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses .
If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , residents who makes the request in 2011 will receive information regarding 2010 sharing activities ) .
We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response .
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the `` Shine the Light '' requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response .
If you prefer to receive such information via regular first-class mail , please send a written request to the address below .
8587 West Sunset Blvd .
Suite 6.2 , West Hollywood , CA 90069
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AT OUR WEBSITE AND HOW IS IT USED
Information Collected Directly From You Through This Website
We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with e-commerce websites .
Examples of the information we collect include name , address , telephone number , age , size , gender , interests , personal preferences , demographical information , email address , credit card number , and purchase information .
This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you open an account on the Website ; check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys , contests , or sweepstakes ; apply for the H & M Credit Card ; interact with H & M through special events ( apply for a job , communicate with Customer Service or respond to program offers ) ; partake in forums , bulletin boards or other online means for posting your comments , feedback , images , or content on the Website ; or browsing through contents of the Website .
We may combine all of this with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners and from other unrelated third parties .
We also collect information about those you knowwhen you provide it to us .
For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders .
We use this information to personalize your online experience at our Website : process your online orders ( including sending emails to confirm your order status and shipment date ) ; communicate with you about our products , services , contests , and promotions ( unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications ) ; improve our products and services ; analyze trends and statistics ; protect the security or integrity of our website and our business ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; notify you regarding surveys and contests ; enable you to post information on our Website ; facilitate online social activity centered around our products and services ; or enable you to interact with third-party content service providers whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment .
If you e-mail a wish list to a friend , we will not retain the names or e-mail addresses of the recipient of your wish list .
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls .
You will find instructions on opting out in our newsletters and on your online profile at My H & M .
When you visit this Website , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate .
B . Cookies and Related Technology
To better understand what you do while on our Website , we use a browser feature known as a cookie .
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer .
It is used to do things like see how you navigate our Website , and remember you and your online purchases when you return .
This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history .
We also use pixel tags ( also known as clear gifs or web beacons ) on our Website and in our emails .
A pixel tag is an embedded graphic image on a web page , web-based document or e-mail message .
The pixel tags is used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , which website you came from , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites .
Pixel tags in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience .
This technology allows us to associate your online navigational or transactional information with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , and email address ) .
As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag .
That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart .
We can also use this technology to determine whether you would be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences .
The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes .
You can disable or delete cookies by changing your browser settings .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of H & M 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any H & M products and services that require you to sign in .
Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology
Third-party service providers help us analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences , and may help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other websites ( often referred to as `` online network advertising '' ) .
The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services .
We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Websites , and web capabilities like embeddable widgets .
They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Section 2 above ( Technical Information CollectedCookies and Related Technology ) .
We contract with third-party advertising companies that , in turn , collect non-personally identifying information by placing cookies on your browser when you visit us here .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , credit card information , e-mail address , or telephone number ) about your visit to deliver our ads on this and other websites through their online advertising networks .
These companies also provide this information to us which we , in turn , use to gauge how effective our ads are .
HOW DOES THIS WEBSITE INTERACT WITH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT
We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content .
We do this for your convenience .
We do not endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties .
Whether their content appears within our web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Website for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience .
Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices .
Here 's a partial list of third-party sites or content that may appear on our Website :
We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of third party content providers so you can quickly retrieve information regarding location , hours of operation , and contact information for our stores .
Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites
We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys .
Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you are still in our Website environment .
Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites
We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content .
This may include easy click-through access or even `` single-sign on '' to these sites .
The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites .
Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs
We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us .
If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Website through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
The above third-party websites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , may send advertisements that appear on our Website directly to your browser and may use cookies and/or other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use or the privacy policy of these advertisers and third-party Websites .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
We use third-party `` back-office '' contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale .
They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , monitor website activity , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , administer and send mobile messages , and provide consulting and customer services .
Contractors may also assist us in hosting micro sites and mobile websites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy .
We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information .
Public Safety , Law Enforcement and Fraud Prevention
We may disclose specific information about our Website visitors to law enforcement entities , governmental agencies , courts or other entities , including credit reporting agencies if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to protect our customers , the public , or our business .
We may do so when ( 1 ) permitted or required by law , ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions , or ( 3 ) investigating fraud that has already taken place .
These entities may access and , if necessary , record your information to assist us with fraud prevention and detection .
We will never authorize the release of your information to or by such entities for any other purpose .
Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE OVER HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will confirm your order status and shipment by email .
We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order .
You can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of features on the Website such as creating your profile , wish lists , and customer reviews .
We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for all other communications .
Opt-out means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
The above preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partners .
You can always log into your online account at any time to change your preferences , including whether to opt-in or opt-out of certain services , or by contacting customer service .
If you modify your preferences on whether to receive emails , mobile messages or other promotional materials from us , it may take up to a few weeks to process your request , during which time you will continue to receive communications from H & M .
If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of our email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of the email messages we send you to complete the removal .
This will stop future email offers from us , but will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications .
We will not contact you via telephone or text message without your express consent by opting in .
If you 've signed up for mobile messaging ( e.g. , SMS and MMS ) offers but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message .
Go to MY H & M and adjust your preferences to remove yourself from our SMS/MMS list .
Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising
You may always choose to block cookies or clear cookies from your computer .
Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies .
Note that blocking cookies may not block the `` first-party '' cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site .
By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our site ( as opposed to ads on an online advertising network of third-party websites ) .
Clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time .
Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies .
Many websites , including this Website , rely on cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect .
If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates please click here to contact us and request not to have your information shared .
WHAT IS THE POLICY FOR VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE U.S
This is a U.S. e-commerce site .
This Privacy Policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you are located when you access it , browse it , interact with it , and make purchases through it ( including those that are shipped to addresses outside the U.S. ) .
Moreover , governmental bodies that have jurisdiction ( e.g. , courts and law enforcement agencies ) may be entitled to access your personal information .
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States .
Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States .
Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience .
If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States and in Sweden , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction .
By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data from your geographic location to our servers located in the United States and in Sweden .
As a global company , H & M has separate privacy policies for its international websites in different regions of the world .
When you give us personal information on a website or in a store , the information may be sent to servers outside of the country where you provided the information .
H & M takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any privacy policy that applies to an H & M international site or store where you provided your information .
H & M.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ( E.U . ) .
HOW MAY I UPDATE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date .
You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information by logging onto MY H & M .
You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by calling us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
HOW DO WE ADDRESS CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
Children are not eligible to use our Websites .
We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with their parents or guardians .
Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to H & M .
If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Website , and H & M becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
HOW DO I KNOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SECURE ?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience .
We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information .
We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us .
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the tool bar or lower left-hand or right-hand corner of your browser .
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active .
To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser .
If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at our Website , please contact our customer service for assistance .
To protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer , be sure to close the browser and sign off the computer when finished using a shared computer .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information .
For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewalls , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , H & M can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps .
Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites .
When setting up an online account at any of our websites , you will be prompted to select a password .
The retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created , and all profile information , including your address book , is only available while you are logged in to your account .
After providing your password , you can edit or delete your information at any time through the `` my account '' page .
If you forget your password and notify us , a new password will be assigned and emailed to your email address .
We will not give passwords out over the phone , nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register .
Your address book , located in the `` my account '' page of each website , is your personal storage space .
We do not use the information in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail .
If you receive a suspected fraudulent email that makes use of the H & M name , please contact us via email by clicking here or call us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) .
Retention of Personal Information
H & M retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws .
Your consent to such purposes ( s ) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you .
If H & M should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if H & M should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of H & M business , H & M may be required to disclose or transfer your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties .
It is H & M 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions .
H & M can not , however , guarantee that H & M 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if H & M is sold or merges with another company .
WHOM MAY YOU CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS AND WHO ADMINISTERS THIS POLICY
Our Legal Services administers this policy .
You may write to this person at :
H & M 215 Park Avenue South , Floor 15 , New York , NY 10003 , attention Legal Department .

Effective Date : May 29 , 2012
It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information .
Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy .
Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites .
The Information We Collect and Use
A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are .
This is Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave .
It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click .
We may place a cookie on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Our preference cookie expires after thirty ( 30 ) days .
We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites .
There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies .
You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites .
We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as 1x1 clear pixel , Web beacon or clear GIF ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site .
No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons however we may , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
The companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
B . Personally Identifiable Information .
We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( Personally Identifiable Information ) .
We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us .
For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number .
You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use [ make link ] , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites .
When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us .
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested .
The emails that we send contain links that enable you to unsubscribe from such mailings .
We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below .
From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes .
These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information .
We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services .
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred .
We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person .
Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us .
We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information .
But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk .
We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely .
We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country .
The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy .
This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 .
Access to your Information
Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) .
How To Contact Us
You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address :
New York , NY 10003
Changes To The Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 29 , 2012 .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes .
In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites .
Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes .

Last updated : September 3 , 2013
We are serious about protecting the privacy of our users .
This Privacy Policy describes how we use and protect your personal data .
It applies to HomeAway.com , VRBO.com , VacationRentals.com , software.homeaway.com , any subdomains thereof and any other websites where this policy is linked to in the footer of the page and any mobile application of such websites ( which we have collectively called the Site in this policy ) .
The Site is operated by HomeAway.com , Inc. which is part of the HomeAway , Inc. group ( comprised of HomeAway , Inc .
The terms users or you as used in this Privacy Policy , refer to travelers , who use the Site to look for properties to rent , members who list their properties for rent on the Site and other users who use software or other tools or services we provide on a Site .
It also applies to other visitors to our site - for example our investors or those applying for a job through the Site .
We use information collected about you as explained in this Privacy Policy .
The Site may contain links to third parties ' websites .
We 're not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites .
The Site may also contain links to terms and conditions and privacy policies of third party providers who provide tools or services on a Site .
Therefore , please read carefully any privacy policies on those links or websites before either agreeing to their terms or using those tools , services or websites .
Unless we explain otherwise in this policy , the words and phrases used in this policy have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions - available at Terms & Conditions .
By providing information to us when listing a property , searching for a property , using any tool or service on a Site or otherwise using the Site , you expressly agree to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date set forth above and applies from that date .
We may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect regulatory requirements , advances in technology , Site updates and changes in our information collection and disclosure practices .
Any new policy will automatically be effective when it is published on the website .
You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up to date Privacy Policy .
You should also print a copy for your records .
HomeAway complies with the US Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor scheme to cover the transfer of data to the US from the European Union and Switzerland .
HomeAway has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Who processes your personal data , and where
Your personal data ( also referred to as personal information ) - that is , data that identifies you , or from which you are identifiable - will be collected , processed , stored and used by us , and passed to and processed by companies in the HomeAway group and other data processors acting under our instructions .
HomeAway is a global business .
As a result , personal data contributed by or collected from users may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we , members of the HomeAway group or our agents maintain facilities .
By using our Site , you acknowledge and agree that you may be transferring your personal data outside of the country in which you have contributed it ( your country ) , and that you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country .
These countries may not have similar data protection laws to those that apply in your country .
However , if we transfer your personal data outside of your country in this way , we will take steps to try to ensure that your privacy rights are protected in compliance with applicable data protection law , this Privacy Policy , and the terms of our Safe Harbor self-certification .
We do not knowingly collect or process data from anyone under the age of eighteen ( 18 ) years old .
HomeAway Group sites may also use Google Analytics to gather statistics on site usage .
This may involve the use of cookies .
There are more details in our Cookie Notice and in Google 's own privacy policy .
Google may aggregate data they collect from their various services including Google Analytics , Google Translate , Google Maps and YouTube .
You acknowledge and accept that HomeAway Group have no control over Google 's data collection .
The information we gather
At various times you may give your personal data to us .
For example , in order to send a request or inquiry from you to a property owner or manager , we may need to know all or some of the following : your full name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , your current location , and , in the case of a member 's listing , a method of payment .
You may also give personal data to us at other times , such as when registering on the Site or when submitting an advertisement for a property .
We may also gather information from cookies or web beacons .
You can find out more about they operate in the relevant section of this policy below .
We also collect IP addresses , mobile device identifier details , your location , navigation and click-stream data , the time of accessing the website , homes you viewed , what you searched for , the duration of your visit , and other details of your activity on the Site .
If you ask us to connect with other sites ( for example if you ask us to connect with your Facebook account ) we may get information that way too .
In connection with electronic communications we facilitate through a Site , we use electronic or manual checks to monitor such communications for trust and security purposes .
For further details on how we collect personal data , see Surveys and Newsletters below .
We obtain data from you either by you inputting your personal details , by the automatic collection of information about you as you use the Site , when we speak to you , or from third parties .
Third party information may include financial information which we use to prevent and detect fraud , information from your mobile provider if you are accessing the Site over a mobile device or information from a third party such as a social media or travel opinions site where you have asked us to share your data with them .
How we use your personal data
Our primary purpose in collecting your personal data is to provide you with the services you request and those which we believe will optimize your use of the Site .
You agree that we may use your personal data for the following purposes :
For the services or to support your request ;
To contact you from time to time with user or service updates ;
To send other messages that help us provide our services on the Site ;
To assist people you have done ( or have agreed to do ) business with .
For example if you are an owner and a traveler who has booked or inquired with you needs your details we may pass them on ; if you are a traveler and an owner you have booked with needs to contact you we may give them your details ;
To customize , measure , report on and improve our services , content and advertising ;
To promote services related to the Site or those of the HomeAway group and/or our affiliates ;
To compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ;
To prevent , investigate or prosecute activity we think may be potentially illegal , unlawful or harmful and
To enforce our Privacy Policy and/or our Terms or any other purpose referenced herein or therein .
We collate statistics about site traffic , sales and other commercial information which we pass onto third parties to assist us in improving the services we provide to you .
We also use demographic information to tailor the Site and we share that information with third parties so that they can build up a better picture of our customer base and general consumer trends .
If you are a member , we will also be able to contact you about your account and your use of our services .
How We May Disclose Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to enforce our policies , or where we are permitted to do so by applicable law , such as in response to a request by a law enforcement or governmental authority , or in connection with actual or proposed litigation , or to protect our property , people and other rights or interests .
We may also share your personal data with :
One of our partners if you 've requested their services or if you 've requested to be provided with information by them ;
Another member if you have done business with them ;
A third party performing services on our behalf ;
Companies in the HomeAway group and/or affiliates ; or
Other companies or business entities , for example if we are thinking of a merger with or sale to that company or business entity ;
Other companies we work with to feature all or part of our member 's property listings or otherwise provide promotional or other services related to our or HomeAway group 's business .
This might include featuring your listings and photographs on other websites ;
Any third party you have asked us to share your personal data with such as Facebook if you have asked us to connect with your Facebook account ; or
Any legal or governmental entity pursuant to a subpoena or other legal request .
You may have accessed our website through a hyperlink from the website of one of our trading partners .
If so , you consent to your personal details and purchase information , including behavioral patterns , being shared with that trading partner in accordance with our contractual relationship with them .
In the unlikely event that we or HomeAway , Inc. or any part of the HomeAway group is sold , or some of its assets transferred to a third party , your personal information , as a valuable asset , may also be transferred .
Potential purchasers and their advisors may have access to data as part of the sale process .
However , use of your personal information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy .
Similarly , your personal information may be passed on to a successor in interest in the unlikely event of a liquidation , bankruptcy , or administration .
Our customer database could be sold separately from the rest of the business , in whole or in a number of parts .
It could be that the purchaser 's business is different from ours , too .
If you sign up as a member on the Site , you will receive our Owner newsletter , which is an integral part of the services we provide .
Traveler users of the Site will be given the option to receive our Traveler newsletter when they register with us .
We and HomeAway group may offer different newsletters from time to time intended to enhance the services we or they offer .
Users may cancel their subscription to these newsletters at any time , although it may take a short while for the changes in your preferences to become effective .
We also use surveys to collect information about our users .
From time to time , we request users ' input in order to evaluate potential features and services .
The decision to answer a survey is completely yours .
We use information gathered from surveys to improve our services .
From time to time we may provide games on the Site .
These games may allow for connectivity with other users or third parties .
If that is the case you consent to your personal data being transferred accordingly .
When you download or use apps relating to our websites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
As well as collecting data online and from correspondence we may also speak with you face to face ( for example at an Owner 's meeting ) or by telephone .
We frequently record telephone conversations .
Those recordings are also governed by this Privacy Policy and we keep this data in the same way that we keep other data .
Recordings of calls may also be transferred to locations or processed worldwide .
Inquiries and other Electronic Communications
Travelers may send inquiries to members via clickable links on the listings on a Site .
Further , travelers and members may communicate with each other via tools on a Site .
If you choose to send an inquiry through these links , your personal information , including your email address and any other information you supply ( unless the Site specifies otherwise ) , will be visible to the member in question so that they might reply directly to you .
Your details may also be sent to us and we have access to those communications even if you contact the member directly .
If members and travelers further engage in communications through a Site , we also have access to those communications , which we monitor for trust and security purposes .
Additionally those inquiries and messages may be hosted on , be processed by or transmit through our servers .
If you engage in such communications and call the other party , you may be asked to leave a return telephone number .
Do not share information in the e-mail or phone call that you are not prepared to allow such person and HomeAway group to have , including , but not limited to , credit card and bank account information .
In addition inquiries and messages can be sent to the individual member you selected and to our system .
Our customer service team may share such communications with members .
We may also from time to time , use third party e-mail servers to send and track receipt of such communications , and analyze the pattern of such communications for trust and security purposes as well as to gather data , such as inquiry and booking data ( on an anonymous basis ) , to assist us in better understanding our business .
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information Once We Have It
We take reasonable technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of , or damage to , your personal data .
While no system is completely secure , we believe the measures implemented by the Site reduce our vulnerability to security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved .
We have security measures in place to protect our user database and access to this database is restricted internally .
However , it remains your responsibility :
To protect against unauthorized access to your use of the Site ;
To ensure no-one else uses the Site while your machine is logged on to the Site ( including by logging on to your machine through a mobile , Wi-Fi or shared access connection you are using ) ;
To log off or exit from the Site when not using it ;
Where relevant , to keep your password or other access information secret .
Your password and log in details are personal to you and should not be given to anyone else or used to provide shared access for example over a network ; and
To maintain good internet security .
For example if your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given us those details and/or permitted access through those accounts .
If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us .
You should keep all of your account details secure .
If you think that any of your accounts has been compromised you should change your account credentials with us , and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us .
You should also tell us as soon as you can , so that we can try to help you keep your account secure and if necessary warn anyone else who could be affected .
If you have asked us to share data with third party sites , however ( such as Facebook ) their servers may not be secure .
Credit card information is generally stored by our credit card processing partners and we ask them to keep that data secure .
We also use third parties to help us optimize our website flow , content and advertising ( see below ) .
Note that , despite the measures taken by us and the third parties we engage , the internet is not secure .
As a result others may nevertheless unlawfully intercept or access private transmissions or data .
What are Cookies , Web Beacons and Clear GIFs and Why Do We Use Them
A `` cookie '' is a small file placed on your hard drive by some of our web pages .
We , or third parties we do business with , may use cookies to help us analyze our web page flow , customize our services , content and advertising , measure promotional effectiveness and promote trust and safety .
Cookies are commonly used at most major transactional websites in much the same way we use them here at our Site .
You may delete and block all cookies from this site , but parts of the site will not work .
We want to be open about our cookie use .
Even if you are only browsing the Site certain information ( including computer and connection information , browser type and version , operating system and platform details , and the time of accessing the Site ) is automatically collected about you .
This information will be collected every time you access the Site and it will be used for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
You can reduce the information cookies collect from your device .
An easy way of doing this is often to change the settings in your browser .
If you do that you should know that ( a ) your use of the Site may be adversely affected ( and possibly entirely prevented ) , ( b ) your experience of this and other sites that use cookies to enhance or personalize your experience may be adversely affected , and ( c ) you may not be presented with advertising that reflects the way that you use our and other , sites .
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will send cookies as soon as you visit our site .
By using the site you consent to this , unless you change your browser settings .
We gather and share information concerning the use of the Site by members and travelers with one or more third-party tracking companies for the purpose of reporting statistics .
To do this , some of the pages you visit on our Site use electronic images placed in the web page code , called pixel tags ( also called `` clear GIFs '' or `` web beacons '' ) that can serve many of the same purposes as cookies .
Web beacons may be used to track the traffic patterns of users from one page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow .
Our third-party advertising service providers may also use web beacons to recognize you when you visit the Site and to help determine how you found the Site .
Phishing or False emails
If you receive an unsolicited email that appears to be from us or one of our members that requests personal information ( such as your credit card , login , or password ) , or that asks you to verify or confirm your account or other personal information by clicking on a link , that email was likely to have been sent by someone trying to unlawfully obtain your information , sometimes referred to as a `` phisher '' or `` spoofer . ''
We do not ask for this type of information in an email .
Do not provide the information or click on the link .
Please contact us at Customer Support if you get an email like this .
Job applicants , current and former employees
If you use the Site to apply to work with us , we will use the information you supply to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics .
Where we want to disclose information to a third party , for example where we want to take up a reference , will not do so without informing you beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law .
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed , it will then be destroyed or deleted .
We retain de-personalized statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities , but individuals should not be identifiable from that data .
HomeAway is based in the US and employee and recruitment data is held there and in other HomeAway Group locations worldwide .
Once a person has taken up employment with us , we will compile a file relating to their employment .
At that stage we will give you more details about how we hold employee details .
How do I correct or update my information
You can see any personal information processed by us .
The best way of seeing this if you are a property owner is to log on to your account by using the Owner Login ' tab at the top of the screen .
You can see your basic details and correct or update them there at any time to suit you .
We also want to give you the opportunity to identify any inaccuracies in any other information we hold about you .
Where possible , if we 're told about the inaccuracy of any personal information , we will make appropriate corrections .
You can ask to see , update or amend any information we hold on you by contacting us .
How do I opt-out of receiving marketing communications from you
We will contact you from time to time for marketing purposes .
Unless you have opted out , this could include contacting you by phone or email .
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by the following means :
Contact us at Customer Support ;
Follow the instructions included in each communication or newsletter ;
Use the Unsubscribe function ; or
Mail the request to us at 1011 W. Fifth Street , Suite 300 Austin , Texas 78703 .
Please remember that if you change your preferences it may take a short time for those preferences to become effective .
How long will we keep your personal data
We will retain your personal data only as long as is necessary for the purposes to which you consent under the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy , or as is required by applicable law , and then we will delete it .
How do I contact you
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site , or your dealings with this Site , we encourage you to contact us at Customer Support .
In the unlikely event you still have an unresolved complaint , if your data was transferred to the US from the EU or Switzerland under Safe Harbor , you can also contact our dispute resolution service operated by NIPC , an independent arbitration service based in the EU .
Our Chief Privacy Officer can give you the details for this service .

The Home Depot values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors .
The purpose of this Privacy and Security Statement is to provide you with information about how The Home Depot collects , uses , and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors .
It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information .
Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products , services , and promotions .
How Information is Collected
How We Use Information
Our Sites and Children
Your California Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
My Account Registration and Use
This Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of The Home Depot , Inc. and its subsidiaries , divisions , affiliates , brands and other The Home Depot companies ( `` The Home Depot '' , our , or we ) .
It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors , including , but not limited to :
Use of our websites , including mobile websites
Visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events
Use of our applications for mobile phones , tablets or other smart devices
Phone and email communications
Social media interactions on our websites and other third party websites like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter
Viewing our online advertisements or emails
This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the practices of The Home Depot Canada , The Home Depot Mexico , Home Decorators Collection , or Red Beacon .
Also , this policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites .
We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors .
Additionally , we may collect your purchase history , billing and shipping addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , and other digital contact information .
We may also collect information that you provide us about others .
When you make a purchase we collect your payment information , including information from your credit or debit card , check , PayPal account or gift card .
If you apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan , we might collect information related to your application .
When you return a product to our stores or request a refund or exchange , we may collect information from you and ask you to provide your government issued ID .
We use the information we collect from you and capture off of your government issued ID to help prevent fraud .
To learn more about our Returns Policy , click here .
We may collect information about products or services you like , reviews you submit , or where you shop .
We might also collect information like your age or gender .
If you use our mobile websites or applications , we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device 's GPS .
If you use our websites , we may collect location data obtained from your IP address .
We use this location data to find our nearest store to you , product availability at our stores near you and driving directions to our stores .
If you use our websites , we may collect information about the browser you are using .
We might track the pages you visit , look at what website you came from , or what website you visit when you leave us .
We collect this information using the tracking tools described here .
To control those tools , please read the Your Privacy Preferences section .
How Information is Collected
We collect information directly from you .
The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you :
During website or survey registration
In connection with an online or in-store purchase
If you use an online forum , submit a question or answer to our Product Q & A or provide us with comments or reviews
If you upload a photo or other digital content through one of our websites or applications
If you register for a loyalty program or apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan
If you participate in a sweepstakes , contest , clinic or workshop
If you rent equipment or vehicles or request warranty or other information
If you return a product or use a rebate
If you request we send you an electronic copy of your in-store receipt
In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites .
For example , when you use the features of our My Account tool like Express Checkout , Address Book , My Lists , My Project Guides , etc .
We collect information from you passively .
We may use tracking tools like browser cookies , flash cookies , and web beacons .
To learn more about these tools and how you can control them , click here .
We collect information from other sources .
We may get information about you from third party business partners , like an updated address from a shipping vendor .
We may collect information about you from a friend .
For example , if your friend purchases something for us to send to you .
We collect information from Affiliates of The Home Depot .
We may get information about you from a company controlled by , or under common control with , The Home Depot ( our Affiliates ) .
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for our business purposes , including :
To respond to your questions and requests .
Fulfilling orders or providing services
Entering you into a sweepstakes or sending you prizes you might have won
Registering you for a particular website , loyalty program , or extended warranty service or providing you with information regarding such programs or services
Processing a return ( to learn more about our Returns Policy , click here )
Responding to a product or service review
To improve our products and services .
We may use your information to make website or product and service improvements .
To look at website trends and customer interests .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us .
We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties to assess trends and interests .
For security purposes .
We may use your information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites .
For example , we might use cameras in our stores to track store traffic or our stock .
For our marketing .
In certain circumstances , we may send you communications about special The Home Depot promotions or offers .
For example , if you have registered on a website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores .
We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings .
If permitted , we may also send information about offers from our Affiliates and other companies we think you might find interesting .
To manage our communications with you , follow the instructions in the Your Privacy Preferences section below .
To communicate with you about your account or our relationship .
We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement , the Terms of Use of our websites or mobile applications , or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled .
We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall .
For other uses we may disclose to you .
We may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted , including :
With third parties who perform services on our behalf .
We share information with our service providers , such as our delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders .
We might also authorize our service providers to collect information on our behalf .
Some service providers may be located outside of the United States .
We might also share information with the vendors and manufacturers of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions .
To offer financial products .
We use service providers to offer financial products , such as The Home Depot credit card and home improvement loans .
We may share personal information about our consumers with these service providers in order to provide you with tailored information about products and services and special offers .
These service providers also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect , use and disclose personal information .
We encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products .
To provide extended warranty services .
If you purchase a The Home Depot Extended Warranty Service you will be required to provide information such as your name and address to our warranty service providers .
While these service providers are limited by contract in the way they may use your information to provide The Home Depot Extended Warranty Services , we encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your personal information for such services .
Data Sharing for Catalog Mailings .
We may share your name , address and transactional information about products you have purchased from our catalogs with third party companies so that you may receive future catalog offerings about products and services that may be of interest to you .
If you prefer not to have your information shared with third party companies for this purpose , please see the section below entitled Your Privacy Preferences .
With any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if all or part of our business is sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction .
If we think we have to in order to comply with the law .
For example , we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it .
With our business partners .
For example , we might share information with one of our Affiliates or a business partner who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us .
To protect us .
For example , we will disclose information if we suspect fraud .
We will also share information as part of an investigation .
At your direction .
For example , if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages , we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request , asking you to review a product or service you have ordered , or notifying you of product recalls .
If you later opt back into getting marketing communications from us , we will remove your information from our opt-out databases .
Registered website users can update their information at the Your Account section of our website .
If you are not a registered website user , you can contact us by email .
To manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
Our Sites and Children
Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children .
To our knowledge we do not collect information online from children under 18 .
You may also want to read the helpful information about children and privacy that the FTC provides by clicking here .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information .
You can make a request one time each year .
To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below .
Mention in your letter that you are making a `` California Shine the Light '' inquiry .
We will respond within 30 days .
When you place orders on our websites , all of your order information , including your credit card number and delivery address , is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server .
SSL technology , an industry standard , is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information .
While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information , the Internet is not 100 % secure .
The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect .
We can not promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe .
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet .
Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select .
We strongly recommend that you do not share your password .
Our websites contain links to third party websites .
If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the information practices of those websites .
You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for third party websites .
You can write to us at :
Attention : Privacy Official Customer Care
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta , GA 30339-4024
Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
Effective Date : January 1 , 2004
Last Revision Date : March 20 , 2013
From time to time we may change our privacy policies .
We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website .
Please check our website periodically for updates .
Tracking Tools We Use
We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools .
These may include browser and flash cookies .
We may also use web beacons and similar technologies .
We use these tools :
To track new visitors to our websites .
To recognize returning customers .
To store your password if you are registered on our website .
To provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested .
As part of this customization , we may observe your behaviors on this website or on other websites .
We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors .
So we can better understand our audience , our customers , our website visitors , and their respective interests .
Controlling Our Tracking Tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies .
How you do so depends on the type of cookie .
Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies .
To control flash cookies , click here .
Why ? Because flash cookies can not be controlled through your browser settings .
If you configure your computer to block cookies , you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites .
Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads
We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads .
This may include ads served on our websites or mobile applications .
This may also include ads served on other companies ' websites .
These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties .
For example , information a third party collects when you register for a website , like your zip code .
This might be used to target an ad for people in your area .
These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party websites .
To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes , click here .
My Account Registration and Use
My Account registration is an optional service provided by our website .
You do not have to register to browse or shop online .
When you register , you are asked for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , email address , and a username and password that you select .
You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests and home improvement projects or register your credit cards .
This information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier , by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information .

STATEMENT OF PRIVACY ( 9/20/2013 , UNITED STATES ONLY )
American Honda Motor Company , Inc .
( American Honda ) is considerate of the privacy of our visitors and the individual sensitivities of personal information .
At American Honda , we believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities .
Because privacy and consumer trust are important to us , we provide this privacy statement for you to explain our policies in detail .
While information is critical to providing quality service , we recognize that one of our most important assets is our customers ' trust .
Our goal is to protect your information .
This statement explains our privacy policies and procedures in connection with data collection and usage governing the American Honda Family of Web Sites which include honda.com , corporate.honda.com , automobiles.honda.com , hpd.honda.com , powersports.honda.com , hrca.honda.com , powerequipment.honda.com , marine.honda.com , engines.honda.com , owners.honda.com , owners.acura.com , estore.honda.com , hondafinancialservices.com , hondafinancialservices.com/ir , acurafinancialservices.com , acura.com , and civictour.honda.com .
This statement does not apply to our offline information practices .
You can visit our Web Sites without sharing personally identifiable information .
You can visit our Web Sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information to learn about American Honda Motor Co. , Inc .
( `` AHM '' ) , American Honda Finance Corporation ( `` AHFC '' ) , our product and service information , special offers and promotions , and investor information .
You can also access financial planning tools .
`` Personally identifiable information or personal information '' refers to any information that identifies or can be used to contact or locate you such as name , mailing address , phone number , email address , social security number , and account number .
Use of certain features and tools on this Site requires that you provide us with personally identifiable information .
However , you always have the option not to provide personal information by choosing not to use a particular feature .
We may request personally identifiable information in order to enhance your experience on our web sites .
There are instances where American Honda requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence ( such as promotions and mailed brochures ) .
This information , such as name , mailing address , email address , type of request and possibly additional information , is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data and is used to fulfill your request .
The information you provide is used by American Honda to improve the services we provide you and to help us promote products and services that are of most interest to you .
The information may be merged with other information American Honda already knows , such as whether you are an owner of a Honda or Acura vehicle .
To use American Honda 's Internet services , such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests , we require a certain amount of personally identifying information such as name and address to meet your request .
We may use this information to identify and access data in the existing relationship we have with you to provide you with the requested services .
We may request email addresses as an alternate means of contacting you .
Our websites may not recognize browser based do not track signals .
We collect and use anonymous information
We may gather and store certain anonymous information about your visit , including the name of your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , the type of browser and operating systems used to access our site , the date and time you access our site , the website that referred you to us , and the pages you visit ( click-through ) .
This information does not identify you personally .
This information is collected and used to generate statistics , measure site activity , and improve the usefulness of our sites .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file or text identifier placed on your computer to assist us in providing customized services .
We use cookies to provide you with a convenience feature to save you time and provide a more personalized experience on our site .
For example , you may log on once during a visit and will be able to access multiple servers without having to log on again and again .
We also use the information for internal research on our user 's demographics , interests , and behavior to better understand our visitor 's preferences .
We may use cookies provided by ClearTrust , BrowserHawk , Capricorn Encryption , and WebTrends e-commerce software .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Some portions of our Web sites , such as owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com , however , require the use of cookies for proper function .
Some of our sites , such as automobiles.honda.com and owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com , use web beacons also called single pixel gifs .
Their use helps us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns .
Certain gif files are provided by our ad management partner , DoubleClick .
These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser , which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website .
The cookie was placed by us , or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick .
With both cookies and Spotlight technology , the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable .
It does not contain your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
In short , web beacons collect only a limited amount of information including cookies and time and date of viewing and do not contain personally identifiable information .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
The information you share with American Honda is used to improve the services we provide you and to provide services to you that you request .
For example , if you enroll in EasyPay or Pay Online , our account payment services , we will be required to validate your bank account information with your bank .
If you request brochures , we may hire a third party fulfillment company to meet your request .
We may share information about you with third party service providers ( such as companies who assist us in conducting surveys and research to help us provide better products and services ) .
However , your information is not shared with or sold to any other third party entity or individual for that entity or individual 's independent use with the exception of when you request to be added to the fan mailing list of one of the participating Civic Tour bands and/or Civic Tour promotional partners or in situations where required by law , we may need to share this information with law enforcement officials such as in response to a court order or subpoena .
American Honda Finance Corporation ( `` AHFC '' ) customers are also encouraged to see the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( such as personally identifiable financial information ) .
American Honda has reasonable security measures in place to protect your personally identifiable information .
This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer ( SSL ) connection .
Most web pages that display personally identifiable information are encrypted using 128-bit SSL , which is an industry standard .
The following brands ' brochure requests , however , are not transmitted through a SSL connection : Engine , Marine , and Power Equipment .
In addition , the Motorcycle brand site does not currently transmit brochure and email notification requests through an SSL connection .
In addition , we have security procedures and policies in place to safeguard against loss , theft , unauthorized access , destruction , misuse , and modification of this information after we receive it .
However , perfect security does not exist over the internet .
If you are an owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com registrant , you can help protect your personally identifiable information by selecting the `` Log Out '' icon before you close your browser .
Our web sites may contain links to other sites .
However , please be aware that if you access these links you will be leaving our site .
As a result , we encourage users to read the privacy policies of those sites as we are not responsible for their content , links , or privacy procedures .
If we decide to change our privacy policies and procedures , we will post those changes to this privacy policy so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We suggest periodically visiting this page to review our policies and procedures .
Specific web site provisions
This section addresses this Site 's unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of this Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above .
American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy
Request A Quote .
When you select and build your choice in a vehicle , we will present you with a complete list of your choices , as well as the vehicle 's suggested retail price .
We can also forward your quote to a local Honda dealer for further contact .
If you choose to utilize this service , we will ask you to provide us with your name , home and email address , and your home and/or business telephone number .
Although not required to do so , you may also provide us with further information such as what time of day you wish to be contacted , your vehicle trade-in information as well as any additional information or special requests .
After submitting your request , you may choose to apply for credit with Honda Financial Services .
If you choose to do so , in certain instances , we may forward information regarding the status of your application to the dealer you selected to receive your price quote request .
If you do not want us to forward this information on to your selected dealer , you may go directly to HondaFinancialServices.com to apply .
See also the Honda Financial Services Apply for Pre-Approved Credit section below to understand how HFS handles the information provided on the credit application .
Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice .
Financing Tools , Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit .
If you choose to submit an application to American Honda Finance Corporation for pre-approved credit , AHFC will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name , address , telephone number , social security number , date of birth , employment information , and gross monthly income .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit .
For example , AHFC may use this information to investigate your credit , employment , and income to assist in our credit decision-making process .
After you apply , you may also check the status of your application .
In order to do so , AHFC will request that you provide your name , zip code , and personal identification number .
We also encourage you to review the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( namely , personally identifiable financial information ) .
Financing Tools , Payment Calculators .
You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle .
Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford .
In doing so , you may provide certain figures such as a trade-in value or an amount owed on your current vehicle to calculate an estimated payment .
We do not collect or share any of this information nor is this information personally identifiable .
Request a Brochure .
If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model fact sheet or brochure or a full-line brochure , you will be required to provide us with your name and address .
This information may be shared with a third party brochure fulfillment company to process your request .
You may also choose to receive additional product information or be contacted by a Honda dealer .
If you choose to be contacted by a Honda dealer , we will forward your name , address , and , if provided , your email address to the dealer .
You may also choose to provide us with additional information about your current vehicle .
Requesting a brochure , being contacted by a dealer , and providing your personal information is your choice .
You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on a particular Honda model and site features or to receive newsletters about all new models , special promotions , and site features .
In doing so , we will request that you provide your name and email address .
Requesting email newsletters and providing your personal information is your choice .
Email Cards.When visiting our vehicle web pages , at times , you may choose to send electronic cards to your family or friends .
To do so , you will have to provide your email address and the email address of the person you wish to send a card .
This information is only used for the purpose for which it is received .
Request A Quote .
When you select and build your choice in a vehicle , we will present you with a complete list of your choices , as well as the vehicle 's suggested retail price .
We can also forward your quote to a local Acura dealer for further contact .
If you choose to utilize this service , we will ask you to provide us with your name , home and email address , and your home or business telephone number .
Although not required to do so , you may also provide us with further information such as what time of day you wish to be contacted , your vehicle trade-in information as well as any additional information or special requests .
After submitting your request , you may choose to apply for credit with Honda Financial Services .
If you choose to do so , in certain instances , we may forward information regarding the status of your application to the dealer you selected to receive your price quote request .
If you do not want us to forward this information on to your selected dealer , you may go directly to HondaFinancialServices.com to apply .
See also the Honda Financial Services Apply for Pre-Approved Credit section below to understand how HFS handles the information provided on the credit application .
Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice .
Financing Tools , Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit .
If you choose to submit an application to American Honda Finance Corporation for pre-approved credit , AHFC will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name , address , telephone number , social security number , date of birth , employment information , and gross monthly income .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit .
For example , AHFC may use this information to investigate your credit , employment , and income to assist in our credit decision-making process .
After you apply , you may also check the status of your application .
In order to do so , AHFC will request that you provide you name , zip code , and personal identification number .
We also encourage you to review the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( namely , personally identifiable financial information ) .
Financing Tools , Payment Calculators .
You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle .
Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford .
In doing so , you may provide certain figures such as a trade-in value or an amount owed on your current vehicle to calculate an estimated payment .
We do not collect or share any of this information nor is this information personally identifiable .
If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model brochure , a full-line brochure , or a certified pre-owned program brochure , you will be required to provide your name , address and telephone number .
Your contact information may be shared with a third party brochure fulfillment company to process your request .
You may also choose to be contacted by an Acura dealer .
If you choose to be contacted by an Acura dealer , we will forward your contact information to the dealer .
Requesting a brochure , being contacted by a dealer , and providing your personal information is your choice .
Our site offers the ability to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise online from a third party vendor , Bensussen Deutsch & Associates Inc .
( BD & A ) .
If you choose to do so , please be aware that the link to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise will direct you to the BD & A web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply .
As a result , we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site , as we are not responsible for their content , links , or privacy procedures .
Request a Brochure .
If you request that we mail you a full line brochure , you will be required to provide us with your name and address .
Requesting a brochure and providing us with your personal information is your choice .
You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email notifications on a particular Honda model ( s ) , new products , special offers , events and more .
In doing so , we will request that you provide you name and email address .
You may also provide your zip code .
Signing up for email notifications and providing your personal information is your choice .
Build Your Bike/Build Your ATV/Build Your PWC/Build Your MUV .
You may build a Honda model of your choice without providing personally identifiable information .
You may choose to register for a My Favorites account in order to save configurations of any model you build on the site .
If you do so , we will request that you set up a Honda ID and password as well as provide your email address .
We will use your email address to send you email notifications if you choose to opt-in to receiving information on Honda 's newest products , special offers , events , and more .
Once registered , you may email your configurations to friends or family .
If you choose to do so , we will not store your friends or family 's email addresses .
Request A Quote .
When you select and build your choice in a motorcycle , scooter , ATV or watercraft , we will present you with a complete list of your choices .
We can also forward your quote to a local Honda dealer for further contact .
If you choose to utilize this service , we will ask you to provide us with your name , home and email address .
Although not required to do so , you may also provide us with further information such as your home and/or business telephone number , your vehicle trade-in information , the time of day you wish to be contacted and whether you wish to be contacted by email or telephone as well as any additional information or special requests .
Requesting a quote and providing your personal information is your choice .
Certificate Application for Current Offers .
You may choose to apply for a personalized current offer certificate that you can bring to your local Honda motorcycle dealer and use at your time of purchase .
If you do so , we will request that you provide your name , home address , and email address .
At such time , you may also choose whether you would like to receive additional information on Motorcycle products or whether you would like to email the link to a friend .
Apply for Pre-Approved Credit .
If you choose to submit an application to American Honda Finance Corporation for pre-approved credit , we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name , address , telephone number , social security number , date of birth , employment information , and gross monthly income .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit .
For example , we may use this information to investigate your credit , employment , and income to assist in our credit decision-making process .
We also encourage you to review the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( namely , personally identifiable financial information ) .
You also have the choice of applying for revolving credit through a credit program between GE Capital Consumer Card Co. and Honda Card .
If you choose to do so , please be aware that the link to the application will direct you to the Conseco Finance Corporation web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply .
As a result , we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site , as we are not responsible for their content , links , or privacy procedures .
HRCA Clubhouse Registration .
You may choose to become a registered user in order to have greater access to the Clubhouse .
If you do , you will be required to submit your name , home and email address .
This information is used to provide HRCA Clubhouse services to you .
Membership Enrollment and HRCA Clubhouse Registration .
If you are not already a member , you may choose to enroll online in the Honda Rider 's Club of America .
If you do , you will be required to submit your name , home and email address , telephone number , and credit card information .
During enrollment , you will also be able to opt-in to receiving certain email notifications regarding the Clubhouse , HRCA updates , or other information .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your enrollment and to provide HRCA club membership services to you .
If you are already a HRCA member , you may wish to register in the HRCA Clubhouse .
You will either need to provide your HRCA member number and zip code or , if you do not know your number , you may provide us with your name and address exactly as they appear on your Honda Red Rider mailing label .
This information is collected and used only to validate your membership with us and to register you in the clubhouse .
Once a HRCA member , you may access your personal information in your registration profile for review and may change any information , as necessary , except for your name .
Member Directory and Instant Messaging .
As a member , you may choose to participate in the HRCA member directory .
If you do so , you may participate in our instant messaging feature .
If you sign up for instant messaging , you will choose to allow other instant messaging users to see that you are online .
You will be able to share your username , email address , city and state you live , chapter dealer , or the type of bike you own with other instant messaging members .
You are not required to share any of the above information and may pick and choose on an item-by-item basis .
Request a Brochure .
If you request that we mail you any of our brochures , you will be required to provide us with your name and address .
Your email address is optional .
Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice .
Request a Brochure .
If you request that we mail you a brochure , you will be required to provide us with your name and address .
Your email address is optional .
Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice .
Request a Brochure.If you request that we mail you any of our brochures , you will be required to provide us with your name and address .
Your email address is optional .
Requesting a brochure and providing your personal information is your choice .
Honda Owners/Acura Owners provides access to valuable resources like maintenance schedules , roadside tips , FAQs , and account management .
If you choose to register for Honda Owners/Acura Owners , you will be asked to set up a Honda ID/Acura ID and password .
You will be required to submit your email address where we can send your password information , in case you forget it .
Your email address will also be used to send you any messages relating to the Communication Preferences you choose to set up ; for example , you may choose to receive messages from us relating to `` general information about Honda Owners/Acura Owners , such as site updates . ''
You may also choose not to receive any messages at all .
You will also be asked to tell us the make , year , model , trim , color , and year purchased .
This information is used to set up your account specific to your vehicle .
You will be able to edit or delete your vehicle information any time .
You are given the option of providing us with your name , address , and telephone number .
It is also optional for you to provide your Vehicle Identification Number ( VIN ) in order to tailor advanced features , such as maintenance reminders , service records , and recall notices to you and to your specific product .
Once you have registered , a `` My Profile '' button will be located at the top of every Honda Owners/Acura Owners page .
This is a summary of your account with us .
By clicking this button , you can view and/or edit your personal information at any time by clicking the `` Edit/Update '' button .
You may also change your Communication Preferences .
The amount and type of information we collect depends on who you are and how you use eStore .
eStore offers products and services to the general public as well as to independent vehicle repair shops .
We collect personally identifying information if you visit the site and wish to register , purchase products , request other information , or otherwise communicate with Honda about the products/services offered on the site .
When you register on the site , we will request that you set up a Honda ID/Acura ID and password for `` My Profile '' .
You may choose to enter your Honda or Acura 's vehicle identification number ( VIN ) or simply choose the make , year , and model of your vehicle .
You may make changes to this information at any time by selecting the edit button in the `` My Profile '' folder .
If you use eStore to purchase products online , your personally identifying information will be used to complete any transactions that you enter into , including credit card processing and , for independent repair facilities , credit checks , credit services , and debt collection .
Your name , address , email address , telephone number , and where applicable , credit card information and purchase details , will be provided to the participating Honda/Acura Dealer you choose who will fulfill your order .
Honda and Acura dealers are independent from American Honda .
We have installed safeguards to secure and protect the credit card information used for your transactions .
Email-to-a-friend.If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend , we will email the web page to your friend for you .
In order to do so , we will request that you provide us with your name , email address , and your friend 's email address .
This information is collected and used only in a manner appropriate to fulfill your request .
Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit.If you choose to submit an application to AHFC for pre-approved credit , we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name , address , telephone number , social security number , date of birth , employment information , and gross monthly income .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit .
For example , we may use this information to investigate your credit , employment , and income to assist in our credit decision-making process .
We also encourage you to review the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( namely , personally identifiable financial information ) .
EasyPay Enrollment.If you are already an AHFC customer , you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account .
In order to enroll , we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as your AHFC account number , the last four digits of your social security number , your bank 's name and routing number , and your bank account type ( checking or savings ) and account number .
This information is collected and used in a manner appropriate to process your EasyPay enrollment request .
Note that you can also change or update your information by clicking on `` Change '' button off the EasyPay home page .
Email-to-a-friend.If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend , we will email the web page to your friend for you .
In order to do so , we will request that you provide us with your name , email address , and your friend 's email address .
This information is collected and used only in a manner appropriate to fulfill your request .
Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit.If you choose to submit an application to AHFC for pre-approved credit , we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as name , address , telephone number , social security number , date of birth , employment information , and gross monthly income .
This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit .
For example , we may use this information to investigate your credit , employment , and income to assist in our credit decision-making process .
We also encourage you to review the AHFC Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about our protections and use of your nonpublic personal information ( namely , personally identifiable financial information ) .
EasyPay Enrollment.If you are already an AHFC customer , you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account .
In order to enroll , we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as your AHFC account number , the last four digits of your social security number , your bank 's name and routing number , and your bank account type ( checking or savings ) and account number .
This information is collected and used in a manner appropriate to process your EasyPay enrollment request .
Note that you can also change or update your information by clicking on `` Change '' button off the EasyPay home page .
You may obtain investor relations information without providing personally identifiable information .
Email Sign Up .
You may choose to sign up for email notifications in connection with the Civic Tour , our product information , from the bands participating in a particular Civic Tour , or from the promotional partners participating in a particular Civic Tour .
It is not the practice of civictour.com to share any information we gather with any third-party companies or individuals , unless you specifically request to be contacted by a band participating in a particular Civic Tour and/or a promotional partner participating in a particular Civic Tour .
American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy
This policy is provided by American Honda Finance Corporation and is given on behalf of the following family of companies ( affiliates ) :
American Honda Finance Corporation
American Honda Service Contract Corporation
Honda North America , Inc .
American Honda Receivables Corp .
American Honda Receivables Corp. II
Honda Titling Inc./Honda Lease Trust
Honda Funding , Inc .
Honda Titling A-D LLCs
Honda Titling A-D LPs
American Honda Finance Corporation ( `` AHFC '' ) respects and protects customer privacy .
We know privacy is important to you and is vital to our business .
As required by law , this document explains our Privacy Policy .
We want you to know how we keep our customer information private and secure and how we use the information to provide you a broad range of financial services and products to serve you better .
How do we protect information ?
We maintain physical and electronic safeguards and have policies and procedures that are intended to prevent unauthorized access to consumer information .
AHFC collects information from
Credit applications or from other forms that you give us ( for example , your name , address , social security number , income and obligations ) ;
Credit reporting agencies ( for example , your creditworthiness and credit history ) ;
The American Honda Finance Corporation family of companies on transactions with us that you have conducted ( for example , products that you have purchased , financed or leased , your retail or lease account balance and payment history ) .
We may disclose information that we collect about your direct transactions ( for example , account balance and payment history , as a present or former customer ) among the American Honda Finance Corporation family of companies and our parent company , American Honda Motor Co. , Inc .
Sharing with carefully selected companies
We may also share information about your transactions with us , our affiliates , or others ( for example , your name , address , account terms/activity ) with the following :
* companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or with whom we have joint marketing agreements .
* other nonaffiliated financial institutions , including automobile dealers , with which we have joint marketing agreements .
Sharing with others , as the law allows
We may also disclose :
* all of the information ( see 1-3 , above ) that we collect about you as a present or former customer to financial service providers ( for example , banks , vendors or service companies that provide statement printing and mailing or other types of services ) for your accounts with AHFC , or with the affiliate to which your account may be assigned and for which AHFC provides servicing .
* information about you to nonaffiliated third parties as permitted or required by law ( for example , information provided to credit reporting agencies or in response to a subpoena ) .
If we modify our privacy policy on how we handle your personal information , we will post the revised information here , with a revised `` effective date '' at the top of this privacy policy .
If there are material changes to this privacy policy or in how we will use your personal information , we may notify you by other means , such as sending an email to you or by posting a notice of such changes on our website .
We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information .

Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
All health and health-related information contained within this Johns Hopkins Medicine Web site is intended to be general in nature and should not be used as a substitute for a visit with a health care professional .
The advice is intended to offer only a general basis for individuals to discuss their medical condition with their health care provider .
Your health care provider should be consulted regarding matters concerning the medical condition , treatment and needs of you and your family .
Although every effort is made to ensure that the material within this Johns Hopkins Medicine Web site is accurate and timely , it is provided for the convenience of the Web site user and should not be considered official .
Users of this Web site are advised to refer to and rely upon the official version of information when making significant decisions , including decisions related to employment opportunities at Hopkins .
Please be aware most information transmitted over the Internet is not secure ; thus , confidentiality can not be guaranteed .
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to Johns Hopkins Medicine Web sites , we store the following : the IP address from which you access the Internet , the date and time , the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site , the name of the file or the words you searched , and the browser used to access our site .
This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas .
We also use this information to help us improve features of the site and to make the site more useful .
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email , or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our Web site , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request .
We do not give , share , sell , or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law .
Links to Other Sites
Please note that some pages within this Web site , for the convenience of users , are linked to Web sites not managed by Johns Hopkins Medicine .
Neither The Johns Hopkins University nor The Johns Hopkins Health System review , control or take responsibility for the content of those Web sites .
Links from this Web site to Web sites not managed by Johns Hopkins Medicine do not imply endorsement or credibility of the service , information or product offered through the linked sites
Some Johns Hopkins Medicine Web sites provide links to other internet sites that provide health information .
Once you link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site .

Horoscope.Com , Inc .
Last Revised : October 1st , 2013
Horoscope.com , Inc. ( `` we '' or `` Horoscope.com '' ) has created this privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to demonstrate our commitment to privacy .
We realize the importance of feeling safe online and want you to feel comfortable using our personalized products and services ( collectively , `` Offerings '' ) and exchanging information on websites of Horoscope.com , Inc. , its affiliates or agents ( `` Company '' or `` We '' ) with links to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , the `` Website '' ) and our mobile applications ( the `` Application ( s ) '' ) .
QUESTIONS ; CONTACTING COMPANY ; REPORTING VIOLATIONS
Horoscope.com , Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal .
If you have any questions , concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices , or if you want to report any security violations to us , please contact us at the following address or phone number :
Horoscope.com , Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94107-1809
Tel : 415 615 9028
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily , please contact TRUSTe here .
Horoscope.com , Inc. complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of Personal Data from the from European Union member countries .
Horoscope.com , Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
By submitting Personal Data through our Website , Application or Offerings , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
If you are a non-U.S. user of the Website , Application ( s ) or Offerings ( the `` Company Properties '' ) , by visiting the Website or providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy .
In addition , your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries , including the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By providing your data , you consent to such transfer .
TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you as described below when you visit our Website , when you send us information or communications , and/or when you use our Application ( s ) and Offerings .
`` Personal Data '' means data that allows someone to identify or contact you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data .
`` Anonymous Data '' means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data ; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We may also collect or develop aggregated information , which may include Anonymous Data and Personal Data , provided that such information does not personally identify you or any of our other users ( `` Aggregated Data '' ) .
A . Personal Data That You Provide to Us .
In order to provide you with personalized services and features we ask you to register and establish your personal profile ( `` Profile '' ) .
During the registration process we will ask you for Personal Data such as your name , telephone number , gender , birth information , e-mail address , password , place of residence , zip code , etc .
This Personal Data is used to customize the Offerings to you and to provide you with personalized services .
Depending on the Offerings you are accessing , you may be asked at various times , for example , by filling out a form or survey , to provide Personal Data such as name , gender , e-mail address , birth date , and birth location .
Personal Data is collected primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our Offerings .
Personal Data Collected via Technology .
To make our Company Properties more useful to you , our servers ( which may be hosted by a third party service provider ) collect Personal Data from you , including browser type , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet , which may vary from session to session ) , domain name , and/or a date/time stamp for your visit .
Like most Internet services , we automatically gather this Personal Data and store it in log files each time you visit our Website .
C. Application ( s ) .
If you use our Offerings on your mobile device , including through our Application ( s ) , we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number .
Our mobile homepage lets you store preferences like safe search settings .
We may associate these choices with your ID or the mobile device , and you can edit these preferences at any time on our mobile homepage .
D. Transactional Data .
If you make purchase through the Company Properties we may collect and store certain information about you to process your purchases and populate forms for future transactions , such as your telephone number , address , e-mail address , and credit card information .
This information may be shared with third parties who help process and fulfill your purchases .
When you submit credit card numbers , we encrypt that information using industry standard technology .
E. Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others .
If you decide to submit information about a third party , we will collect the third party 's Personal Data in order to personalize the services for such third party such as our Tell a Friend feature .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website .
Horoscope.com stores [ or does not store ] this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [ and tracking the success of our referral program ] .
If there is advertising on the Company Properties , such advertising may employ the use of Cookies or other methods to track hits and clickthroughs .
We are not responsible for advertiser Cookies or how the information gathered through their use might be used .
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from users who are under the age of 13 .
If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Company and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13 , we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible .
H. Information You Provide to Facebook and Other Social Networking Sites .
The Company Properties may allow users to access Facebook to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends ' News Feeds .
If you are already logged into the Company Properties and Facebook or another SNS , when you click on `` Connect with Facebook , '' or a similar connection on another SNS , you will be prompted to merge your profiles .
If you are already logged into the Company Properties but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support , when you click on `` Connect with Facebook , '' or a similar connection on another SNS , you will be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to `` Sign Up '' for the SNS .
By proceeding , you are allowing the Company Properties to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other SNS 's Terms of Use in your use of the Company Properties .
Conversely , if you are not currently registered as a user of the Company Properties , and you click on `` Sign in '' using Facebook or another SNS that we support , you will first be asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to register for the Company Properties .
In this case , we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an account ( `` Account '' ) on the Company Properties and show our relevant content from your Facebook or SNS friends .
Once you register on the Company Properties and connect with Facebook or another SNS you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS .
Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS , so please consult the SNS 's privacy and data practices .
You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into your Account through the Company Properties and going to settings , `` About Me , '' `` Linked Accounts , '' and then unselecting `` Facebook . ''
Further , you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook , or disconnect your Company Properties activity stream by visiting the Facebook Applications Settings page .
Information Collected Via Technology .
Information Collected by Our Servers .
To make our Company Properties more useful to you , our servers ( which may be hosted by a third party service provider ) collect information from you , including your browser type , operating system , Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address ( a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet , which may vary from session to session ) , domain name , and/or a date/time stamp for your visit .
As is true of most websites , we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files .
This information includes IP addresses , browser type , Internet service provider ( `` ISP '' ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information to analyze trends , administer the Website , track users ' movements around the Website , gather demographic information about our user base as a whole , and better tailor our Offerings to our users ' needs .
For example , some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Website or the Offerings again , it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests .
Except as noted in this Privacy Policy , we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data .
Like many online services , we use Cookies to collect information .
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the website .
We may use both session Cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent Cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Website .
This type of information is collected to make the Website more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs .
In addition , we use `` Pixel Tags '' ( also referred to as clear Gifs , Web beacons , or Web bugs ) .
Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier , similar in function to Cookies that are used to track online movements of Web users .
In contrast to Cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages .
Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read , and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users .
We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user .
We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users ' Personal Data .
Collection of Data by Advertisers .
We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Company Properties .
Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to the Company Properties and other websites , your IP address , your ISP , the browser you use to visit our Company Properties ( but not your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) .
They do this by using Cookies , Pixel Tags or other technologies .
Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Website and the other sites tracked by these third parties .
This policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads , and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies .
We do not currently respond to `` Do Not Track '' signals from web browsers .
When we post videos , third parties may use local shared objects , known as `` Flash Cookies , '' to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features .
Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies .
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application ( s ) .
This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you .
Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location , how you use the Application ( s ) , and information about the type of device you use .
In addition , in the event our Application ( s ) crashes on your mobile device , we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier , which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application ( s ) .
This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and can not be used to identify an individual .
We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Website .
Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Website , what pages they visit , and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website .
We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Website and services .
Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Website , rather than your name or other personally identifying information .
We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data .
Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Website , the Cookie can not be used by anyone but Google .
Google 's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy .
USE OF YOUR DATA
A . General .
In general , Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make , or to aid us in serving you better .
We use your Personal Data to personalize our Offerings ; to deliver personalized information to you ; to send you administrative e-mail notifications , such as security or support and maintenance advisories ; to provide you with electronic newsletters ; and to send you special offers related to our Offerings and for other marketing purposes of Company or our third party partners , should you opt-in to receive such communications by indicating such preference in your Profile .
Your e-mail address together with a password is used to secure your Profile and to make our personalized e-mail services available to you .
B . Creation and Use of Anonymous and Aggregated Data .
We may create Anonymous Data and Aggregated Data from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Data and Aggregated Data for trend analysis , and to better understand patterns of usage so that we may enhance the content of our Offerings and improve Website navigation .
We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data and Aggregated Data to third party companies in our discretion .
For example , demographic and profile data is shared with our advertisers only in the form of Aggregated Data .
Aggregated Data helps our advertisers to tailor their services to the collective characteristics of users of the Company Properties .
C. IP Addresses .
We use your IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server , to administer the Website , and to track trends and statistics .
If you provide feedback on any of our Company Properties to us , we may use such feedback for any purpose , provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Data .
We will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Data in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will share your Personal Data with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy .
We do not sell your Personal Data to third parties .
We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger , financing , acquisition or dissolution , transition , or proceeding involving sale , transfer , divestiture , or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets .
In the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership , Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset .
If another company acquires our Company , business or assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy .
C. Co-Branded Service Offerings .
We may enter into agreements with certain businesses ( each , a `` Partner Company '' ) pursuant to which we provide the Partner Company with a URL and a customer registration page co-branded with , or private labeled by , the Partner Company , and the Partner Company distributes and promotes the URL to its customers .
A Partner Company may want access to Personal Data that we collect from its customers .
As a result , if you register on a website through a Partner Company , we may provide your Personal Data to the Partner Company .
Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Partner Companies , you should read and understand their privacy policies .
D. Third Party Services .
We reserve the right to offer services and products from third party vendors ( `` Third Party Vendors '' ) to you on the Company Properties , such as via newsletters or special offers , based on the preferences that you identify during the registration process and based on your subsequent preferences .
We may share Aggregated Data about our user base with these Third Party Vendors ; this information does not identify individual users .
We do not link Aggregated Data with Personal Data .
E. Third Party Contractors .
We may share your Personal Data with third party contractors or service providers ( `` Third Party Contractors '' ) to provide you with the services that we offer you though the Company Properties ; to conduct quality assurance testing ; to provide technical support ; or to provide specific services in accordance with your instructions .
These Third Party Contractors are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by us .
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our Third Party Contractors for the sole purpose of providing the Company Properties to you .
F. Social Networking Sites .
Some of our Applications and Offerings may enable you to post content to SNSs ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) .
If you choose to do this , we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections .
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs .
We will not be responsible or liable for : ( i ) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs ; ( ii ) the content , products or services on or availability of such SNSs ; or ( iii ) your use of any such SNSs .
Due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment , we can not fully ensure that your private communications and other Personal Data will not be disclosed to third parties under certain circumstances .
For example , we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under court order , subpoena , or other circumstances , or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
Additionally , in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries , we can ( and you authorize us to do so ) disclose any information about you to private entities , law enforcement or other government officials as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate .
In addition , where we ask for your Personal Data and you are notified that the information we are collecting on that page will be shared with third parties , and in cases where you opt-in to share your Personal Data with third parties , those disclosures and opt-ins will override anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy .
Except as set forth above , we will not disclose any of your Personal Data to third parties unless you give us your prior express consent .
We have implemented and follow reasonable industry standard technical and procedural measures to protect against unauthorized access and use of your personal information .
However , you should know that neither we nor any other website can fully eliminate these risks .
The Company Properties contain links to other websites .
Our provision of a link to any other website or location , such as Partner Company websites , is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents .
When you click on such a link , you will leave the Company Properties and go to another website .
During this process , another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you .
Company has no control over , does not review , and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites .
Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content , or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites .
A . Changes to Personal Data .
You can view the Personal Data you previously provided by viewing your Profile from your personalized Home Page .
You can delete your Profile at any time by clicking on the `` delete profile '' link .
You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us , but please note that we may be required ( by law or otherwise ) to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
If you have chosen to receive personalized messages , newsletters , or promotional communications by e-mail , you can at any time cancel this , or `` opt-out , '' by following the instructions on your personalized Home Page or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive .
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings , we may share your e-mail address with our Third Party Contractors to ensure that you do not receive further communications from us .
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you service-related communications , including notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from the Company Properties for any of the purposes described above , then you can instruct your browser , by changing its settings , to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit .
Consult your browser 's technical information .
If you do not accept Cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Company Properties or all functionality of the Company Properties .
If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies , please let us know at the contact information provided below .
D. De-Linking SNSs .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) linked to your Account , then you may de-link the SNS account in the `` preferences '' section in your Account settings .
You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Data with us when you connect with us through an SNS , such as through Facebook Connect .
Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Company Properties and your social media account or mobile device .
You can stop all collection of information by the Application ( s ) by uninstalling the Application ( s ) .
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you service-related announcements ( such as , but not limited to , notice that we have changed the Offerings , the Terms of Service , or the Privacy Policy ) when we believe it is necessary to do so .
You may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature , but if you do not wish to receive these announcements , you have the option to delete your Profile .
We will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any deletion of your Profile .
We will do our best to address your concerns .
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion .
We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Website , and we will change the `` Last Updated '' date above .
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of the Company Properties , or your dealings with the Company Properties , you can contact us using the following contact information :
Horoscope.com , Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94107-1809
Tel : 415 615 9028

HostelBookers understands and respects the importance of your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information .
In providing our booking service and access to any Hostelbookers account you may open , we must collect personal information from you and make subsequent use of it as detailed below .
We will only collect personal information from you by specifically asking for it : -
When you make a booking with us , over the telephone or via our internet booking facilities .
When you register with us for newsletters , email updates , enter competitions or take part in surveys and customer feedback .
When you create a user account via this website .
When you write , fax , telephone or email us to make an enquiry .
WHAT INFORMATION WILL WE COLLECT
We may collect all or some of the following information relating to you or other members of your party : -
names and contact details ( address , email address , telephone number )
credit/ debit card or other payment details
special requirements such as those relating to any disability or medical condition which may affect the chosen holiday arrangements
dietary restrictions ( which may disclose your religious beliefs )
Some of the information we collect ( such as about health or religion ) will only be collected on the condition that we have your positive consent to its use .
We will seek this consent when necessary .
WHAT WILL WE DO WITH IT
For the purpose of providing you with our services , we may disclose the information to the providers of the services making up your holiday arrangements ( who could be located outside the UK/EEA ) .
In order for you to travel overseas , it may be mandatory ( as requested government authorities ) to disclose your information for immigration , security and anti-terrorism purposes , or any other purposes which they determine appropriate .
Even if not mandatory , we may exercise our discretion to assist where appropriate .
We may need to disclose our customer list including any personal information relating to you to a third party who acquires or attempts to acquire all or substantially all of the asset/ stock in our company or our website .
We may also disclose information to organisations who act as data processors on our behalf , or to other organisations who perform business functions on our behalf , some of whom are outside the UK/EEA .
These functions include administration , providing services ( and contacting you where necessary ) , customer care , business management and operation , re-organisation/structuring/sale of our business ( or our group companies ) , risk assessment , security and crime prevention/detection , research and analysis , marketing , monitoring , measuring and assessing customer purchasing preferences and trends , dispute resolution , credit checking and debt collection .
We may from time to time contact you ( by email and by post ) with information about special offers , brochures , new products , forthcoming events or competitions .
If do not wish to receive such information , you may ask us in writing not to receive it .
If you set up an account via our website , you will be able to tell us how you would like to receive such information when we send it by email ( by unsubscribing to our email alerts )
If you set up an account via our website , we will store your personal information and information about the bookings that you have made with us that have been performed and those that are due to be performed in the future .
This is so you can access this information when you come to use our site .
We will retain this personal information until the later of : a ) 6 months after you close down your account with us or b ) a year after your last booking activity .
We have taken all reasonable steps to have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information .
Outside the European Economic Area , controls on data protection may not be as wide as the legal requirements in this country .
WHAT CAN I DO
You may ask us in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you ( for which we may charge a fee ) and to correct any inaccuracies in your information .
We aim to respond to you within 21 days from the date of request .
Please note that in order for us to provide you with optimum service , we use Cookies ' on our website .
Cookies ' are a feature of web browser software which allows web servers to temporarily store information within your browser .
Cookies ' allow us to obtain information regarding users of our site which essentially helps us to provide you with a better user experience and tailor our services to your individual needs .
We do n't store and record any of your passwords or other highly sensitive data .
Most browsers automatically allow cookies , ' however usually your web browser will enable you to disable cookies ' should you wish to do so .
If you want to know more about what cookies are and how to control them , please visit AboutCookies.org .
Be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website .
Below is a list of the main cookies we use and what they are used for :
.hostelbookers.com We use different servers within HostelBookers , this cookie ensures users are kept on the same server throughout their visit on the site .
JSESSIONID This cookie identifies your preferences while you are visiting HostelBookers .
i.e . if your search was `` London hostels '' , the website will ( in the first instance ) only show you availability for properties in London .
Google Analytics & ns_session These cookies collect information about how you use HostelBookers ' website .
This information is used in reports and helps us to improve your experience of the website .
HBLOCATIONCURRENCY This cookie enables our website to remember your preferred currency .
ns_cookietest This is used to confirm that your browser is able to accept cookies .
Criteo These cookies display personalized advertisements based on the past websites you have visited .
HB_AFF This cookie helps us to identify whether you reached our website via one of our partners .
Please note that our website contains certain literature and hyperlinks to websites owned by third parties .
This privacy statement covers websites owned and controlled by us only .
Links to other websites and any information collected by these sites are not covered by this privacy statement .
To ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately , to help improve our service and in the interest of security , we may monitor and/or record : ( 1 ) your telephone calls ; and ( 2 ) customer transactions and activities on our website .
All recordings are and shall remain our sole property .
As our privacy statement may change due to developments in the law we encourage you to re read this from time to time so you are aware of any changes in how we gather and use your personal information .
HostelBookers.com Ltd 52-54 High Holborn London WC1V 6RL
+353 ( 1 ) 4980700

Hostelworld.com Privacy and Security Statement
Hostelworld.com has been processing online hostel reservations since 1999 and we have always placed the security of our internet transactions and our customers credit card details as our top priority .
We will continue to offer our customers the highest level of security available for online transactions and hope this reassures you when you make your reservations with us .
All sensitive information exchanged between your computer and our site is encrypted using SSL .
Our SSL Certificate is provided by GlobalSign .
This ensures that your information is transmitted securely and is safe from third parties .
Please read on for more information on site encryption .
Hostelworld.com utilizes a technology called SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) .
SSL is a set of rules followed by computers connected to the Internet .
Encryption - These rules include encryption , which guards against eavesdropping
Data Integrity - Data integrity , which ensures that your communications are not tampered with during transmission and
Authentication - authentication , which verifies that the party who receives your communication are who they claim to be .
There are two levels of encryption : 40-bit and 128-bit .
With 40-bit encryption , there are billions of possible keys to decipher the coded information , and only one of them works .
Someone intercepting the information would have to find the right key - a nearly impossible task .
With 128-bit encryption , there are 300 billion trillion times as many keys as with 40-bit encryption .
It is virtually impossible for an unauthorized party to find the right key , even if they are equipped with the best computers .
If you 're about to send information to a site that 's not using SSL , your browser will warn you first .
SSL protects your communications during transmission .
Because of the authentication involved , secure servers are slower than the regular server for delivering files .
Therefore SSL is only used when transmitting sensitive information across the web .
Hostelworld.com realises some people are unsure about entering their personal details into websites over the Internet .
Below , we explain how we use your information and how we protect your privacy .
Hostelworld.com and its associated companies respect and protect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website .
Any information which is provided by you to Hostelworld.com via this website or otherwise will be treated in accordance with the terms of the Irish Data Protection Acts , 1988 and 2003 and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time .
INFORMATION REQUIRED TO PROCESS YOUR BOOKING
For us to process a booking for you on behalf of a travel services provider , we require some information from you .
This includes your name , nationality , your gender ( or the gender of the group you are in ) , your phone number and email address .
Also , since we confirm your booking while you are on the site , we require your credit or debit card details so we can guarantee your beds when you pay your deposit .
WHO SEES YOUR INFORMATION
We are required to send your information to the travel services provider with which you booked travel services so that the travel service provider knows who you are and when you will use its travel services .
We give your name , your nationality , your gender ( or the gender of the group you are in ) , your phone number , your email address , your credit card details and of course , the details of your booking .
The travel service provider requires this information to accept a confirmed booking from you .
All travel service providers on whose behalf we facilitate bookings have agreed to the Hostelworld.com terms and conditions and accept this privacy policy .
All sensitive information exchanged between your computer and our site is encrypted using SSL .
Our SSL Cert . is provided by GlobalSign .
This ensures that your information is transmitted securely and is safe from third parties .
You should be aware that where you link to another website from this website , that Hostelworld.com has no control over that other website .
Accordingly , Hostelworld.com can not guarantee that the controller of that web site will respect your privacy in the same manner as Hostelworld.com .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to the use and disclosure of information which is required when you avail of our travel related and data processing services ( and which we describe above ) , we use your email address for sending you a confirmation of your bookings , pre-trip reminder e-mails , an email reminder to provide a guest review of your last accommodation stay , or occasionally to inform you of new features on Hostelworld.com .
Our booking confirmation and pre-trip reminder emails may contain banner advertising .
We only use your phone number to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your booking .
In circumstances where you contact us with a query , we use your contact details in order to respond to your query .
In the event that you choose to purchase a Lonely Planet Digital Guide on Hostelworld.com , you will be authorising Hostelworld.com to pass your email address and country of residence to Lonely Planet so that Lonely Planet can deliver the Lonely Planet Digital Guide purchased by you from Lonely Planet .
In the event that you choose to use Quick Search to obtain a quote from one of our travel services partners , you will be authorising Hostelworld.com to pass certain details , as have been entered by you , through to these partners .
These details will not contain personally identifying information .
When you consent to becoming a Hostelworld.com subscriber , you also agree to receive newsletters and other promotional messages from Hostelworld.com and related websites operated by Hostelword.com Limited .
The promotional messages will include details of related services of Hostelworld.com Limited which may be of interest to you .
You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from these newsletters and other promotional messages both at the time you become a subscriber and in every e-mail that we send .
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is relevant to its intended use , and that it is accurate and up to date .
As a registered Hostelworld.com subscriber , you can access and update your contact information , personal preferences and e-mail subscription choices at any time by visiting the MyAccount tab on the MyWorld page on the Hostelword.com website .
The information that you submit helps us to make your emails more useful , interesting and relevant to you .
We use cookies and pixel tags on our website , mobile phone applications and in our e-mails in accordance with our Cookie Policy , which is available here .
You may disable the use of cookies through your browser 's settings .
By accessing and using our website without changing your browser 's cookie settings , you are consenting to our use of such cookies
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of the travel-related opportunities which we feature on our website .
As such we may send you emails that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests .
For example , if you search for a hostel in New York on our website and have not yet booked your travel , we may send you an email message to tell you about a special offer for New York hostels .
Likewise , if you receive an email from us with information in it about Paris and then show an interest in Paris as a destination or Paris hostels by clicking on the link about Paris in the email , you may receive an email about Paris hostel offers or other French destinations .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related offers available through our site .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
We would not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your prior consent .
In the event that you choose to participate in our Member-Get-Member program , we will only use information about your referred friends to invite them to subscribe to our email newsletters and email offers and , if they subscribe , for any other purpose notified to them at the time of subscription .
On occasions , we may supply statistics about our customers to third-parties such as hostels or other agents .
These statistics never contain personally identifying information .
When you make a booking with Hostelworld.com a MyWorld account will automatically be created for you .
MyWorld is a travel social network that allows you to view , change or cancel your bookings , connect with other travellers , leave reviews , upload photos , share travel tips and plan future trips .
After making your first booking with Hostelworld.com you will receive details of your MyWorld username and password .
You can change your username , password and personal details at any time by logging into your account .
Your profile settings in your MyWorld account will automatically default to Private .
You can modify this profile setting at any time by logging into your account .
There are three types of profile settings available in MyWorld : Private Access ( your profile can not be viewed by anyone ) , Public Access ( your profile can be viewed by everyone ) or Buddy Access ( your profile can only be viewed by your MyWorld travel buddies ) .
Where you have applied Public Access ' or Buddy Access ' to your MyWorld account , any reviews that you submit will show your username .
Where you have applied Private Access ' settings to your MyWorld account , any reviews that you submit will appear as anonymous .
We offer you the opportunity to post reviews of the accommodation you book through our site .
Where you provide us with a review , we may include your review on our websites and on selected partner sites .
YOUR ACCESS AND AMENDMENT RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you ( for which we may charge you a small fee ) and to have inaccuracies in the information corrected .
LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
HOSTELWORLD.COM , ITS DIRECTORS , EMPLOYEES , SERVANTS AND AGENTS , AFFILIATES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS , EMERGENCIES , DEMANDS , CAUSES OF ACTION , DAMAGES , LOSSES , EXPENSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION , REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS OF PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR DISSEMINATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CONSENT .
AMENDMENT OF PRIVACY AND SECURITY STATEMENT
Hostelworld.com reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this Privacy and Security Statement at any time and you should regularly check this privacy policy for any amendments .
However , where any such amendments would materially change the use we make of any personal data , any such amendment will be subject to your prior consent .

Effective May 15 , 2010
We , HostGator.com LLC. , are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you .
By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We , additionally , are firmly committed to the principles of the EU-US and US-Swiss Safe Harbor program setup by United States Department of Commerce , the European Union ( .EU . ) , and Switzerland .
HostGator.com , LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
We are committed to protecting your privacy
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service .
This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy to enable you to understand which personal identifying information ( `` PII '' , `` Personal Information '' ) of yours is collected , how and when we might use your information , who has access to this information , and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our website .
We may collect any or all of the information that via both automated means such as communications profiles and cookies .
Personal Information you give us depends on the type of service , support , or sale inqury , and may include your name , address , telephone number , fax number and email address , dates of service provided , types of service provided , payment history , manner of payment , amount of payments , date of payments , domain name , credit card or other payment information .
The financial information will be transferred only be used to bill you for the products and services you purchased .
If you purchase by credit card , this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider .
All sensitive information is collected on a secure server and data is transferred .
When transferring personal information a security icon will appear in your browser .
This information is used for billing and to provide service and support to our customers .
We may also study this information to determine our customers needs and provide support for our customers .
All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information .
This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details .
HostGator may email its monthly newsletter to the primary contact e-mail on file , but customers are able to opt out of this newsletter at any time .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer our site and servers , track access , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
It is possible that personal information about a customer may be included in the log files due to the normal functions of IP addresses and Web browsing .
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small text files - `` cookies '' - that hold information which allows a website to recognize your account .
We use cookies to save your preferences and login information , and provide personalized functionality .
You can reject cookies by changing your browser settings , but be aware that this will disable some of the functionality on the Hostgator 's website .
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties .
This does not apply to affiliates that provide services to you based on links provided within your CPanel access and control , wherein information will be shared to facilitate your use of additional amenities included with your hosting account
We may use personal information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business .
We may also disclose aggregate , anonymous data based on information collected from users to potential partners , our affiliates , and reputable third parties .
We take all available measures to select affiliates and service providers that are ethical and provide similar privacy protection to their customers and the community .
We do not make any representations about the practices and policies about these companies .
If a customer 's personally identifiable information changes , or if a customer no longer desires our services , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove that customer 's personal data in our records .
Opt Out & Modifications
By default , customers do receive any voluntary system updates , such as the newsletters , invoices , and mailings .
Any customer who voluntarily receives these updates may unsubscribe at any time .
Customers may not opt out of possibly receiving important system notifications , in the rare event that such notification would be necessary .
Hostgator.com uses technical security measures to prevent the loss , misuse , alternation or unauthorized disclosure of information under our control .
Hostgator.com uses security measures including and not limited to : physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
When we ask customers or users to provide financial information ( such as a credit card number ) that data is protected using Secure Sockets Layer ( `` SSL '' ) technology .
Data and Information Submitted to Another Person or Entity on Our Network
As mentioned above , Hostgator.com collects certain data and confidential information from customers relating to our web site hosting and domain registration services , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that data and confidential information submitted to us .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to , nor does Hostgator.com certify EU Safe Harbor compliance regarding , data or confidential information that is submitted to another person or entity for whom Hostgator.com may provide hosting or domain name registration services , but regarding which we exercise no authority or control .
An independent evaluation of that person or entity 's own privacy policy and EU Safe Harbor compliance should be made before submitting data or confidential information to them .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about Users upon valid request by government or law officials as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including without limitation subpoenas ) , to protect your property and rights , or the property and rights of a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or stop activity we consider illegal or unethical .
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy .
We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy .
However , to be on the safe side , we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval .
Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
Hostgator.com has established internal mechanisms to verify its ongoing adherence to its privacy policy , including the Safe Harbor Principles .
Hostgator also encourages individuals covered by this privacy policy to raise any concerns about our processing of personal information by contacting Hostgator.com at the address below .
11251 Northwest Freeway , Suite 400
Houston , TX 77092
United States of America
Hostgator will seek to resolve any concerns .
Hostgator has also agreed to participate in the dispute resolution program provided by the European Data Protection Authorities .
You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details from any list under our control .

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Below you will find the updated Privacy Policy for Hotels.com , which applies to any information provided or collected through this Hotels.com website and/or any Hotels.com application , including the Hotels.com mobile and tablet applications or any application on a social media or other website ( each an `` App '' ) , each of which are provided by Hotels.com , L.P. 5400 LBJ Freeway , Suite 500 , Dallas , Texas 75240 , USA ( Hotels.com , we , or us ) .
We understand that booking online involves significant trust on your part .
We value your trust , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Please read this policy to learn about our privacy practices .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
How you can access and/or correct your information
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
Using the Hotels.com mobile phone and tablet Apps
How we protect your information
Visiting our website from outside the United States
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way , including via any App .
This includes information that can identify you ( personal information ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and email addresses and billing information ( such as credit card number , cardholder name , and expiration date ) .
We may also request information about your hotel room preferences , and frequent flyer and car rental program information .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general most of the information we request from you is required in order for you reserve a hotel , register as a member ; book travel ; complete a traveller profile ; participate in a survey , contest , or sweepstakes ; ask us a question ; or initiate other transactions on our website or through any App .
Travel Companion Information .
When you make a reservation for someone else through this website or any App , we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual .
It is your responsibility to obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences , as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account .
Information from Other Sources .
We also may periodically lawfully obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information .
Examples of information we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and demographic information .
When we collect information about you from a third party , we ensure that appropriate consent has been obtained .
By transacting on this site or through our Apps , you agree that we may collect such information for fraud prevent purposes .
We automatically collect session information about your computer when you visit this website .
For example , we will collect your IP address , Web browser software ( such as Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer ) , and referring website .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as trips viewed and bookings made .
We use this automatic information to customize your user experience ; to inhibit fraud ; to serve advertisements , special offers and other information that may be of interest to you ; and for other legitimate purposes we bring to your attention .
For more information , please see our Cookies and other technologies section .
If you do not want Hotels.com to collect or use this session information , you can access the travel services we offer `` offline '' by booking travel through our call center .
Please call 800-CA-HOTEL around the clock to speak to a representative personally .
If you make use of any Hotels.com social media features , either on our website , through an App or otherwise through a social media provider , we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with their policies .
For example , we offer the option to register with our website via the Facebook Connect feature , allowing you to register with our website using your Facebook account data without entering the required data manually on our webpage .
When using a social media feature and if you have chosen to include it in your social media account , we may access information such as your name , profile picture , gender , birthday , email address , town or district and any other information you have chosen to make available .
Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends , we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations ( Location Data ) to provide you with relevant content .
Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider .
We may also access information from social media providers about your use of an App that we run on their website .
How we use your information
We use sensitive billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the hotel reservations you make on our website or through an App .
We use other information about you for the following general purposes so long as you have given your consent : to provide you with the products and services you request ; to provide you with your hotel booking confirmation and updates ; to manage your account , including processing bills and providing travel notifications ; to communicate with you in general ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , website and our Apps ; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you ; to otherwise customize your experience with this website or our Apps ; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join ; to solicit information from you , including through surveys ; to resolve disputes , collect fees , or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce our Terms of Use ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website and through our Apps .
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your hotel related interests if you consented to receiving email marketing communications .
For example , if you search for a hotel in New York on our website but choose not to book a hotel , we may send you an email message telling you about our special deals for hotels in New York .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our website and our Apps .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
Please review the Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information section below .
With whom we share your information
We may share your information with the following entities :
Suppliers such as hotel , airline , car rental , and activity providers , who fulfill your travel reservations .
All Hotels.com services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such .
By making a reservation through this site , you are authorizing us to disclose to suppliers the information required to complete the booking and deliver the related travel .
These suppliers are not controlled by Expedia and personal information disclosed to them is subject to the applicable supplier 's privacy policy and security practices .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this website or any App .
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you , facilitate your travel reservation , or respond to a review you may submit .
While we may share anonymous reviews with our hotel suppliers , we will not share reviewer names or contact information unless you have explicitly told us that we may .
We are not responsible for the hotel deducing your identity from the content of your review and contacting you directly .
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including credit card processing , business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or our Apps or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to .
Please note that these third party service providers may be established in countries that might not offer a level of protection for your personal information that is equivalent to the one offered in your country of residence .
However , we will endeavor to protect all personal information we collect from you in accordance with strict data protection standards .
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services , or whose products or services may be offered on our website or through our Apps .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear , either alone or with ours .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your personal information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners .
Referring websites if you were referred to this website from another site ( for example , through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one ) , we may share some information about you with that referring website .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here .
Companies within our corporate family .
We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies within the Expedia , Inc. family , listed at expediainc.com .
This sharing enables us to provide you , if you have consented to it , with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which we believe might interest you .
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and , at a minimum , give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future .
Social media providers .
When you access certain Hotels.com social media features through our website or Apps , you are sharing information with the social media provider ( such as Facebook ) and the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies ( including that we may access such information via the social media provider ) .
You may be able to modify your privacy settings for these social media providers .
Please consult the privacy policy of the relevant social media provider for further information .
If you connect your Hotels.com account to a social media provider , such as through Facebook Connect , we may make available on that social media provider information related to your use of Hotels.com , such as Welcome Rewards loyalty credits you receive and reviews posted by you on Hotels.com .
Such information may be published on that social media provider 's websites or services .
Information made available on the social media provider will be attributed to the social media provider account to which your Hotels.com account is connected .
You may choose to disable automatic publishing by the social media provider of such information by editing your privacy settings for that social media provider .
We will not provide any other social media provider with access to your Hotels.com account number or information .
If you connect your Hotels.com account to a social media provider , we may also share your user name and your profile picture from that social media provider to other Hotels.com members .
You may choose to disable such sharing of information by editing your privacy settings on that social media provider .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; with law enforcement agencies as required ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company , this website or our Apps , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
How you can access and/or correct your information
You can access and update your contact information by visiting this website 's Account section .
You can access other personal information or close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information using our online tools .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
By providing your personal information to us through this website or any App , you accept that we may retain your information .
We may continue to process account-related information in order to fulfil our legitimate business objectives , to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations , and for historical record and analytical purposes .
We employ robust technical measures to prevent unauthorized access to account information .
If you do not hold an account with us or wish to contact us in relation to any personal information that is not displayed in your account , you may ask us to access , delete or modify the information that we hold about you by emailing us at the email address listed below .
You can also contact us to request an explanation as to how we process your information , and you may revoke the consent to the processing of your information provided when accepting this Privacy Policy by sending an email to the address listed below .
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to book your hotel or to take advantage of certain features offered on this website or our Apps .
You also can add or update information and close your account as described above .
When you register as a member , you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages from us about special offers as well as email messages about products and services of selected third parties .
As a registered member , you can modify your choice at any time on the Communication Preferences page .
Whether registered as a member or not , you will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements and administrative messages , relating either to your account or to your transactions , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You may have the opportunity on our website or through our Apps to provide a mobile number in order to receive your hotel confirmation details .
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit almost all websites .
Cookies do not recognise you personally and are not harmful to your computer or mobile device .
They are used by websites you visit in order to improve your experience on the website , to provide us with analytics information that will help us improve our website generally , and to collect information about travel destinations of interest to you so that you may see travel ads more relevant to you .
For instance , we use cookies on our site to allow you to login without having to type your login name each time .
Other cookies help us to understand what did and did n't interest you about our website so we can provide you with features that are more relevant and useful to you next time you visit .
We and some of our partners also use cookies on our site to measure the effectiveness of advertising on our site and how visitors use our site .
For more detailed information about the cookies that we and our partners serve through our website , please visit our cookie policy .
Alternatively , if have any other questions about our use of cookies or other technologies , please email us using our customer service and feedback form and we 'll do our best to help .
Using the Hotels.com mobile phone and tablet Apps
When you use a Hotels.com Mobile App , we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website .
In addition to this , we also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use our Mobile Apps .
We collect information about Mobile App functionality that you access and use .
This allows us to identify those areas of the Mobile App that are of interest to our customers so that we can refine and continuously improve the Mobile App .
The information we collect for this purpose does not enable us to directly identify you .
Each Mobile App also sends us the device 's unique device identifier ( or `` UID '' ) , a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device .
We use this only on the first opening of the Mobile App so that we can confirm to our advertising networks the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other marketing tools .
When you use a Mobile App 's 'find hotels near your current location ' feature , we use information about your current location provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies to show hotels nearby .
We do not collect location data unless you expressly click on the 'find hotels near your current location ' feature , and you can switch off location data collection at any time through your phone settings menu .
Each Mobile App will also send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs .
This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the Mobile App for future releases .
As part of these error reports , the Mobile App sends us information about the mobile device type and version , the UID , the time the error occurred , the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred .
We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error .
You always have the ability to control what information a Mobile App sends to us .
You can exercise this control either by changing the settings of the Mobile App under its setting menu or changing the settings of your mobile device .
Alternatively , you can remove the Mobile App from your mobile device entirely and access our services through our website .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using this website and our Apps to make travel arrangements , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no website or App can guarantee security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may only do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
This is a general audience website and neither the website nor any App offer services directed to children .
If we gain actual knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to us without the parent 's or guardian 's consent , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information .
If any part of this website or any App links you to other sites , those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Visiting our website from outside the United States
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States , where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website and/or through our Apps .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy ( or your travel planning or purchases ) , please email us or write to us at :
Email : Customer Care
Attn : Privacy Office
Dallas , Texas 75240
This Privacy Statement is effective as of 02/11/13 .

This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 22 , 2013 .
We understand that booking online involves significant trust on your part .
We value your trust , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Please read the following policy to learn about our privacy practices .
By visiting this website , you are accepting the practices described herein .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
How you can access your information
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
Using the Hotwire.com mobile phone and tablet Apps
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
How we protect your information
Visiting our website from outside the United States
U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
Secure Flight Privacy Notice
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
This includes information that can identify you ( `` personal information '' ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and email addresses , and billing information ( such as credit card number , cardholder name , and expiration date ) .
We may also request information about your hotel room preferences , and frequent flyer and car rental program information .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member ; book travel ; complete a traveler profile ; participate in a survey , contest , or sweepstakes ; ask us a question ; or initiate other transactions on our site .
When you make a reservation for someone else through this website , we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual .
You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences , as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account .
Information from Other Sources
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information .
Examples of information we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and demographic information .
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website .
For example , we will collect your IP address , Web browser software ( such as Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer ) , and referring website .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as trips viewed and bookings made .
Our goals in collecting this automatic information include helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud .
For more information , please see the `` Cookies and other technologies '' section below .
How we use your information
We use sensitive billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the travel bookings you conduct on our site .
We use other information about you for the following general purposes : to provide you with the products and services you request ; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates ; to manage your account , including processing bills and providing travel notifications ; to communicate with you in general ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , website , and our Apps ; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you ; to otherwise customize your experience with this website and our Apps ; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join ; to solicit information from you , including through surveys ; to resolve disputes , collect fees , or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce our Terms of Use ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
We often receive testimonials and comments from customers who have had positive booking and/or travel experiences on our website .
We occasionally publish such content , using first name plus last initial , only , for attribution .
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website and through our Apps .
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests .
For example , if you search for a flight to New York on our website and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel , we may send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or about a special airfare to New York .
Similarly , if you receive an email from us about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email , you may receive an email about New York hotel offers .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site and our Apps .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
Please review the section titled `` Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information '' below .
With whom we share your information
This website may share your information with the following entities :
Suppliers such as hotel , airline , car rental , and activity providers , who fulfill your travel reservations .
Throughout this site , all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such .
We do not place limitations on our suppliers ' use or disclosure of your personal information .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this site .
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you , facilitate your travel reservation , or respond to a review you may submit .
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including credit card processing , business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or our Apps or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services , or whose products or services may be offered on our website or through our Apps .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear , either alone or with ours .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your personal information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners .
If you were referred to this website from another site ( for example , through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one ) , we may share some information about you with that referring website .
We have not placed limitations on the referring websites ' use of your personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here .
Companies within our corporate family .
We may share your personal information with our parent company and corporate affiliates , such as Expedia.com , CarRentals.com and Hotels.com , as well as international corporate affiliates such as Expedia.co.uk .
This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which might interest you .
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and , at a minimum , give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company or this website or our Apps , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
How you can access your information
Hotwire registered users can access and update their contact information by visiting the Hotwire My Account page .
Hotwire email subscribers can access and update their subscription choices through Subscription Management links found in the footer of any Hotwire email .
You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account , including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity .
Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to make travel bookings or to take advantage of certain features offered on our site or our Apps .
You also can add or update information and close your account as described above .
As a Hotwire registered user , you can modify your subscription choices at any time on the Hotwire My Account page .
Whether registered as a member or not , you also will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements , administrative messages , and surveys relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from our site , you will not be able to access portions of this site .
Cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer 's hard drive ( if your Web browser permits ) .
This website use cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting this site .
For example , if you register on this site , we may use cookies to remember your registration information .
Please note that member IDs , passwords , and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes .
Unless you register with us , these cookies will not contain any personal information .
To help us customize the content and advertisements provided to you on this website and on other sites across the Internet .
For example , when you access a page on our website , a cookie is automatically set by us , our service providers , or our partners to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests .
See the `` Display of advertising/Your choices '' section for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices .
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings , advertisements , and email communications ( by determining which emails you open and act upon ) .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our site .
In addition to the above cookies , we use Local Shared Objects , also referred to as `` flash cookies , '' on our website .
These are used to enhance your user experience , for example , by storing your user preferences and settings , such as your volume/mute settings , and in connection with animated content on our website .
Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies , but can store data more complex than simple text .
By themselves , they can not do anything to or with the data on your computer .
Like other cookies , they can only access personally identifiable information that you have provided on this site , and can not be accessed by other websites .
This site may also use Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or Web bugs ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page .
We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our site to another , to deliver or communicate with cookies , to understand whether you have come to this site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website , and to improve site performance .
We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on this site .
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings .
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies , please email us using our customer service and feedback form .
Using the Hotwire.com mobile phone and tablet Apps
When you use a Hotwire.com Mobile App , we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website .
In addition to this , we also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use our Mobile Apps .
We collect information about Mobile App functionality that you access and use .
This allows us to identify those areas of the Mobile App that are of interest to our customers so that we can refine and continuously improve the Mobile App .
The information we collect for this purpose does not enable us to directly identify you .
Each Mobile App also creates a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device ( a Mobile Identifier ) , which is used for identification purposes , including identifying your preferences .
We use communicate with our advertising networks regarding the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other marketing tools using industry standard mobile identifiers .
If you use a Mobile App 's 'find hotels ' feature using your current location , ' we use information about your current location provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies to show nearby facilities .
We do not collect location data unless you expressly click on the 'find hotels ' feature using current location ' as your destination or you switch on location data collection through your phone settings menu .
Each Mobile App will also send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs .
This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the Mobile App for future releases .
As part of these error reports , the Mobile App sends us information about the mobile device type and version , the Mobile Identifier , the time the error occurred , the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred .
We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error .
You always have the ability to control certain information a Mobile App sends to us .
You can switch off location data collection at any time through your phone settings menu .
Alternatively , you can remove the Mobile App from your mobile device entirely and access our services through our website .
Display of tailored advertising/Your choices
Data collected by this website to serve you with relevant advertising
Hotwire is committed to providing you with relevant content and information .
To do this , we may collect , through cookies and other technologies information about your travel-related searches , such as whether you are looking for airline flights or hotels , and use this information to serve you with ads , on our website or elsewhere online , that match your apparent interests .
So , for example , if you search for a flight to Florida on our site , you may see an ad for a Florida travel package on our site or on another website you visit .
Please note that we do not combine the information we collect about your travel-related searches on this website with personal information ( such as email address ) to serve you with ads across other websites .
We also do not share your personal information with third parties so they can serve you with advertisements .
You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on other websites , based on your travel-related searches on this website , by clicking here or here .
Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads , you will see online advertisements , but they will be more general and less relevant to you .
Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising .
The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or by our service providers .
But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our site , and ( 2 ) advertising networks , who collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics , interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our site and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you on our site , nor do we share with them any personal information about you .
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies and other technologies .
These third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
These companies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting based on their cookies .
You may find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to the websites of each company .
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
To learn more , please click here or here .
Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising .
Like other companies operating online , Expedia.com participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest ( such as travel ) .
These topics of interest are then shared with third parties , including advertisers and ad networks , so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests .
We do not share personal information ( such as your email address ) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site .
Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges , including how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using this website and our Apps to make hotel and travel arrangements , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no website can guarantee security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they only may do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children .
Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information .
If any part of this website links you to other sites , those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Visiting our website from outside the United States
If you are visiting our website or using our Apps from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
As described in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement , we comply with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Secure Flight Privacy Notice
Privacy notice ( found in Section 1560.103 of the Secure Flight Final Rule ) : The Transportation Security Administration of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires us to collect information from you for purposes of watch list screening , under the authority of 49 U.S.C . section 114 , and the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 .
Providing this information is voluntary ; however , if it is not provided , you may be subject to additional screening or denied transport or authorization to enter a sterile area .
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website and/or through our Apps .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy ( or your travel planning or purchases ) , please contact us at :
Our customer care associates are available 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
If you wish to email us , we respond to most customer emails within two hours or less .
Depending on the nature of your inquiry and the time of day , our response may take a bit longer .
Phone Toll-Free - within the U.S. and Canada
1-866-HOTWIRE ( 1-866-468-9473 )
Phone - outside of the U.S. and Canada
1-417-520-1680 ( regular toll charges apply )
655 Montgomery Street , Suite 600
San Francisco , CA 94111

This privacy policy applies only to the websites controlled by Discovery Communications , LLC and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( `` Discovery , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) where this privacy policy is posted ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) .
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by Discovery through any other means .
For details on the information collected and used from children under the age of 13 , click here .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information , such as your IP address or cookies .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
Discovery collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites :
We may collect your email address , first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter ;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ;
We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and
We may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product at the Discovery Store .
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites .
If you do not want Discovery to collect your personally identifiable information , please do not provide it to us .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
`` Non-Personally Identifiable Information '' can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender or interests .
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites .
Cookie -- A `` cookie '' is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites .
For example , when someone visits a page within the Sites , a cookie is placed on the user 's machine ( if the user accepts cookies ) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously .
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie , or you may choose to block cookies with your browser , but if you do , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites .
Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies .
While they are harmless , they may contain Demographic Information ( defined below ) and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted .
Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted .
Web Beacons ( also known as `` clear gifs , '' `` web bugs '' or `` pixel tags '' ) -- `` Web Beacons '' are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages .
Demographic Information -- `` Demographic Information '' may be your gender , age , zip code and interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
For example , we offer personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel , TLC , Animal Planet , Discovery Health Channel or any of our other TV offerings if you tell us which programs and topics you 're interested in .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites .
We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Sites .
If you do not want Discovery to have access to this information , please do not visit our Sites .
Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , such as educational programs , information , newsletters or software you request or purchase ;
To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from Discovery , or other third parties , or to forward promotional materials ;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you ;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion ;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Visitor Agreement , if necessary ;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites ; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information ( except with respect to non-personally identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13 ) .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :
( i ) To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to watch an educational program on the Sites , we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the program to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion .
( ii ) To affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information .
( iii ) To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on Discovery 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personally identifiable information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us .
( iv ) To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
( v ) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of Discovery and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users .
( vi ) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
( vii ) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
( viii ) To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above , in the Section A ( 2 ) .
We may share this non-personal information with third parties .
Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13
( 1 ) Collection of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
In most instances , Discovery will only request the first name and email address of the child in order to complete an immediate request from the child .
The information that is collected will only be used for the requested purpose and will be deleted immediately .
Discovery will not store or otherwise use that information .
Here are some examples of instances in which Discovery may immediately delete the child 's information after the completion of the child 's initial request :
If the child emails an inquiry ;
If the child participates in a game ;
If the child refers a game to a friend , we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend 's first name and email address ;
If the child wants to receive a postcard on one occasion ; and
If the child sends a postcard to a friend on one occasion , we may request his or her first name and email address and the friend 's first name and email address .
From time to time , we may request limited personally identifiable information from kids in order to offer a service , a promotion or other activity to the kids .
In such an instance , we will request that the child provide his or her email address , as well as the email address of his or her parent or legal guardian ( `` parent '' ) .
Discovery will use that email address to send the parent an email letting him or her know about the child 's contact .
The email will include details on how the parent may ( i ) provide Discovery with consent ; ( ii ) prohibit Discovery from any further contact with the child ; or ( iii ) delete the child 's personally identifiable information .
Discovery will not collect more information than is reasonably necessary for the child to participate in the activity at issue .
Below are some examples of instances in which we may collect the first name and email address from kids on the Sites and require parental consent :
If the child wants to enter a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion ; and
If the child wants to receive newsletters on a recurring basis .
( 2 ) Use of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
When we collect personally identifiable information from kids , we will only use that information for the express purpose for which it was collected .
For example , if a child enters a sweepstakes , we will request the parent 's information ( as described in Section D ( 1 ) ) and will only use the child 's email address to enter the child into the sweepstakes , to notify the parent of the child 's entry , and to identify and notify the child if he or she is a potential winner .
The personally identifiable information will not be used for any other purpose , and the personally identifiable information will not be used after the promotion is complete .
( 3 ) Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Kids
Except as provided in this Section , we do not share personally identifiable information collected from kids with any unaffiliated third parties .
We may , however , share a child 's personally identifiable information that we have collected with parental consent in the following limited instances :
We may share such information with third-party service providers who help Discovery maintain the Sites and provide other administrative services to us .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties may not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose , and these unaffiliated third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of the personally identifiable information .
If your child is selected as a potential winner of one of our contests or sweepstakes , we will notify the parent , via the email address that the child submitted .
If the parent consents , we will collect and share this information in order to fulfill the terms of the promotion .
Finally , we may disclose kids ' personally identifiable information to third parties if we believe we are required to do so in order to comply with law ( including court orders and subpoenas ) ; to comply with requests from law enforcement agencies or the government ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; to protect our rights , privacy , safety or property and the rights , privacy , safety or property of our employees or other users of our Sites ; to protect our operations ; and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
( 4 ) Non Personally Identifiable Information
We collect and store the non-personally identifiable information that is described in Section A2 of this privacy policy .
We do not , however , link this information to personally identifiable information when it is collected from kids .
( 5 ) Note to Parents and Legal Guardians
Please contact Discovery at any time regarding privacy questions or concerns , or to request to review what personally identifiable information we have collected from a child .
Parents may also contact us at any time to request that we delete the personally identifiable information of a child or a parent and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of a child 's information .
We will take steps to ensure that any person contacting us for a child 's information is that child 's parent or guardian .
Discovery Communications , LLC
Silver Spring , MD 20910
Phone : ( 240 ) 662-2000 ( Legal )
International Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Discovery may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :
the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
We communicate with users who subscribe to our services on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this Site or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties .
The opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of the email .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
Third Party Web Sites
This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites .
The Sites may contain links to other web sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites .
We may use advertisers , third party ad networks , and other advertising companies , to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information and Privacy Preferences
We provide you with an opportunity to access your personally identifiable information to ensure it is correct , accurate and current .
To edit your personally identifiable information , please contact our customer service representatives at 1-800-889-9950 .
If for any reason you are not able to update or edit your personally identifiable information at this page , you can access such information by contacting us as described below .
We will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request .
In the event that all or part of our assets or sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time .
When we do , we will also revise the `` last update '' date at the bottom of this privacy policy .
For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us , we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites .
We will also notify parents if we change the kinds of information that we collect from kids and materially alter our practices of sharing and using this information .
We will not collect , use or share the information without parental consent .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Discovery is done at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems .
We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software .
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites .
We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
Some parts of the Sites require that personally identifiable information be submitted in order to participate .
For example , if you want to receive one of our newsletters , you must give us your email address .
Some parts of the Sites will have an age-screening mechanism to prevent kids from registering .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register with any of our Sites , or to access those features that require registration , except as explicitly disclosed herein .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen other than in a legally permissible situation , we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it .
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding Discovery 's disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us :
Discovery Communications , LLC
Silver Spring , MD 20910
Phone : ( 240 ) 662-2000 ( Legal )
Last Updated On : Wednesday , August 19 , 2010

We at HRS - Hotel Reservation Service committed to protecting your privacy and security very seriously .
Here we would like to explain what information we collect , what we use it and how we protect your data .
General information about data protection and purpose of storage
What data is collected ?
When you make a reservation booked through HRS , we collect the necessary arrangements for the reservation information from you , particularly your name , your telephone number , your e-mail address ( `` Contact '' ) and the date of your arrival and departure , your hotel and type of room booked ( `` reservation data '' ) .
About the Contact field can report general inquiries .
To address these requests , we collect your contact information .
After processing your request we will delete that data .
Under MyHRS you can register as a user of our site with your contact information .
This registration has among others the advantage that you do not have to retype your data anew for each booking .
You have the option to terminate the registration at any time , by sending an email to :
We will then delete your contact information .
Under MyHRS You also have the option to e-mail about travel tips , new features on the site , special offers , etc . to be kept up to date .
You can also subscribe to a newsletter .
It is up to you , this kind of customer care to choose and at any time to stop again .
in the course of using the website of the HRS in this communication transmitted and accumulated usage data are collected such as IP address .
We use the resulting usage data only for the prevention of abuse and interference as well as to optimize our range .
Who will my data be shared
When you make a booking with HRS , booking details are passed on to the hotel you 've selected to make your reservation to be made .
In addition , your data will not be passed to third parties .
Under no circumstances your contact HRS sell or lend .
Due to legal regulations , judicial or administrative orders , we are in exceptional cases be obliged to return data to the relevant authority or court .
This happens only in the context of our legal obligations .
How secure is the data transfer to HRS ?
All data that you provide to HRS available are encrypted with at least 128 bit SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) method and transmitted .
Unless your browser supports stronger encryption , the data with up to 256-bit encrypted .
When SSL is a proven and world related encryption system , which allows your browser automatically encrypt your data before returning it to us .
How secure is my data on the HRS database ?
For our database and our web server , we use high HRS safety standards in order to ensure effective protection against the loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and deletion of your data .
Cookies - What are they ?
Cookies are small data files that are stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer .
They simplify your booking by , frequently accessed data are displayed automatically for you at a repeat visit our websites .
You can set your browser to not store any cookies on your computer .
You might be able then but some features of our range not perceive .
The basic functions `` Search & Book '' however , are also possible without cookies .
We also employ a cookie analysis software Omniture SiteCatalyst Adobe Systems GmbH .
The software writes a cookie with a random , unique ID on your system .
The cookie can be assigned at any time of a natural person .
Details measuring method of Omniture SiteCatalyst , you can also see on the product page :
We have on our website on the `` Like '' button from the company Facebook Inc. , 1601 S. California Ave , Palo Alto , CA 94304 , USA ( `` Facebook '' ) involved .
If you access this page , your browser automatically establishes a connection to the servers of Facebook and Facebook , the corresponding information .
If you have a Facebook account , while on our Facebook page are logged in Facebook or save cookies on your computer , Facebook can assign your visit to our site to your Facebook profile .
Click the `` Like Me '' button or to enter a comment , it will be stored by Facebook and displayed in your Facebook profile .
If you do not want that Facebook collects this information from you , please login before you visit the HRS website at Facebook from or delete the Facebook cookies .
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook , and your settings options for protecting your privacy please visit the privacy policy of Facebook .
we have on our side the `` Google+ '' button and the `` Youtube '' button from the company Google Inc. , 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway , Mountain View , CA 94043 , USA ( `` Google '' ) involved .
If you access this page , your browser automatically establishes a connection to Google 's servers and Google , the corresponding information .
If you have a Google account , while on our site are logged into Google or Google cookies stored on your computer , Google can assign your visit to our site to your Google profile .
Click the `` Google+ '' button or to enter a comment , it will be stored by Google and displayed in your Google profile .
If you do not want Google will store this information from you , please login before you visit the HRS website at Google from or delete the Google cookie .
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Google as well as your settings options for protecting your privacy please visit the privacy policy of Google .
We have included on our side the `` Twitter '' button from the company Twitter , Inc. , 1355 Market St , Suite 900 , San Francisco , CA 94103 , USA ( `` Twitter '' ) .
If you access this page , your browser automatically establishes a connection to the servers of Twitter and Twitter , the corresponding information .
If you have a Twitter account , while visiting our page at Twitter are logged or save Twitter cookies on your computer , Twitter can assign your visit to our site your Twitter profile .
Click the `` Twitter '' button or to enter a comment , it will be stored by Twitter and displayed in your Twitter profile .
If you do not want Twitter saves the information from you , please login before you visit the HRS website at twitter from the twitter or delete cookies .
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data through Twitter and your settings options for protecting your privacy please visit the privacy policy of Twitter .
You can always get information about the data you have stored with us .
You have the right to correct , delete and block ( incorrect ) data .
Your contact details please right under MyHRS .
The deletion of data , however , there may be contractual and / or legal requirements , in particular , preclude those relating to accounting and billing .
For questions about our Privacy Policy , please contact us at :

Privacy and the Data Protection Act policy statement
The hse.gov.uk site is managed by the Health and Safety Executive Online Team .
This page explains :
how we use information you give to us
how we protect your privacy
Privacy and the Data Protection Act
HSE 's functions are set out in the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 .
In carrying out these functions , we necessarily collect information on businesses and individuals .
You might also provide us with information by using this website , for example , by giving us feedback or sending a query or request to us .
HSE is registered as a data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 and a description of how we use personal information is included on HSE 's entry link to external website on the register which is maintained by the Information Commissioner 's Office link to external website .
HSE is under a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect and we will only use that information in accordance with the law , including the Data Protection Act and the Health and Safety at Work Act .
We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard data and apply strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it .
In order to carry out our functions and respond to enquiries effectively , we will sometimes need to share information with other government departments , the emergency services , law enforcement agencies , public authorities ( such as local authorities and the Environment Agency ) and organisations acting on our behalf .
However , we will only do this where it is permitted by law .
From time to time we need to handle personal information about you so that we can provide services for you .
Our Information charter shows how we look after that information
What information do we collect from visitors to our website
We collect two kinds of information from visitors to hse.gov.uk :
feedback ( through emails to our Internet services team )
site usage information , from log files and cookies
Correspondents should note that all communications to or from the Health and Safety Executive may be automatically logged , monitored and/or recorded for lawful purposes .
We make every effort to safeguard the information that you provide to us .
Comments and questions submitted to HSE
If you send an enquiry to HSE Online Team asking for information , we may need to contact other government departments to find the answer .
We do include your personal information when dealing with your enquiry .
When the HSE Online Team has replied to you , they keep a record of your message for three months for reference and audit purposes , after which it is deleted .
We use our website server log files to identify patterns of website use to enable us to improve the service we offer our site visitors .
We do not use them to identify individual users of our website .
HSE uses small bits of data stored on your computer called 'cookies ' .
Find out what we use them for , and how you can control their use .
Privacy and how cookies are used by HSE
What happens when I link to another site
hse.gov.uk contains links to other websites , both those of government departments and of other organisations .
This privacy policy applies only to our site .
When you move to another site , read the privacy statement of any site which collects personal information .
We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other site .
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way , we will place an updated version on this page .
Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we will share it with other parties .

HSN respects the privacy of our customers and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you , as an individual who is a user of HSN.com , a viewer of HSN television , a user of our other services , or who otherwise provides us with information through various means , the information we collect , how that information may be used , with whom it may be shared , and your choices about such uses and disclosures .
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us .
By using our website or otherwise doing business with us , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
HSN and HSN.com are a part of the HSN , Inc. ( 'HSNi ' ) family of businesses .
HSNi is a retailing powerhouse that spans the full retail spectrum including television ( HSN ) , ecommerce ( hsn.com and catalogue websites ) , catalogues ( Cornerstone Brands ) , and brick & mortar retail ( Frontgate , Ballard Designs , The Territory Ahead ) .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name , phone number , mailing address , e-mail address and other information that does not identify you .
When you provide personal information through our website , over the phone , or by other means the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around the world .
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE .
We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our website , provide to us by phone , furnish to our Customer Service department , or give to us in some other manner .
This includes identifying information , such as your name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number , and , if you transact business with us , financial information such as your payment method ( valid credit card number , type , expiration date or other financial information ) .
We also may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , your opinion about products and services that we offer , and other demographic information .
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES .
We may also periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other HSNi businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties and add it to our account information or other information we have collected .
Examples of information that we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and additional demographic information .
INFORMATION ABOUT OTHERS .
We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us .
If you use our website to send others ( friends , relatives , colleagues , etc . ) a product as a gift , information that may interest them or messages ( such as invitations ) through our system , we may store your personal information and the personal information of each such recipient .
Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information .
We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our site .
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY .
We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our website .
This information may or can include your IP address , your browser type and language , access times , the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us ( see 'Cookies ' below ) , and the referring website address .
When you visit our website , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on our site .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our website .
We may use standard Internet technology , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our site .
We also may include web beacons and other similar technologies in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES .
We may allow third parties , including our authorized service providers , HSNi companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
HSN may use one or more third-party data gathering and analysis services , which aggregate information into broad categories to help us provide our customers with better products , services , offers , and an improved website -- we refer to them here as our `` Data Compilers . ''
Our Data Compilers gather this data through the use of cookies and web beacons .
Blocking cookies served from third-party domains will not block the first-party Data Compiler cookies .
Our Data Compilers are required to keep our visitors ' and customers ' data absolutely secure and confidential , and only to analyze the information they have access to and return it back to HSN .
They have no rights to use any personally identifiable information for any purpose , or transfer or disclose such information to anyone other than HSN .
Our Data Compiler is certified by TRUSTe , BBBOnline , and the Direct Marketing Association , and has adopted privacy guidelines endorsed by the Federal Trade Commission .
HSN relies on our Data Compiler and encourages you to learn more about our Data Compiler 's Privacy Standards by clicking here .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver the products and services that you have requested ;
manage your account and provide you with customer support ;
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our products , services , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ;
communicate with you by e-mail , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , our sister HSNi companies or other third parties ;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and on other sites ;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ;
enforce our terms and conditions ;
manage our business and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases or sales made on our website or by phone , enroll you in the discount , rebate , and other programs in which you elect to participate , to pre-qualify you for credit card and other offers that you might find of interest , to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions , and otherwise as needed to manage our business .
If you submit personal information to us when applying for a position with our company , the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application .
We may retain your personal information for a period of time , but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions .
This information may be shared with our sister HSNi companies for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for the particular position or other available positions , as well as with third-party service providers retained by us to collect , maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings .
Please review `` Your choices about collection and use of your information '' below .
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our website or while using our services .
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared .
We may share personal information with :
AUTHORIZED SERVICE PROVIDERS : We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , processing credit card payments , delivering packages , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , supporting our website functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our website , by phone , on television , or by mail .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
BUSINESS PARTNERS : When you make purchases or engage in promotions offered through our website , by television , or through our other services , we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products , services , promotions , contests and/or sweepstakes .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your e-mail address and other information to that merchant .
OTHER HSNI BUSINESSES .
We may share information we collect , including personal information , with the HSNi companies .
Sharing information with our HSNi sister companies enables us to provide you with information about a variety of products and services that might interest you .
All HSNi companies comply with the HSNi Consumer Privacy statement .
Our HSNi sister companies also will comply with applicable privacy and security laws and , at a minimum , in any commercial e-mail they send to you , will give you the opportunity to choose not to receive such e-mail messages in the future .
We also may disclose your information :
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our customers , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information .
Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the websites of or to otherwise contact those third parties .
These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States .
Aggregated and non-personal information .
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties and our HSNi sister companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites , on websites of third parties , or by other means .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website or other content and services that we hope you and other customers will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
There are a number of places on our website where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement or a link on our website , you may be taken to a website that we do not control .
These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those websites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the 'privacy ' link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting .
Some third-party websites are co-branded with our trademarks and those of our business partners .
They may have the look and feel of HSN.com , but the URL in your browser window will indicate that you are visiting a different site .
Our Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by HSN .
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION
If you have an online account with us , you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account .
You can also review and update your personal information by contacting us by phone .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
If you have an account with us , you also may choose to close your account at any time by calling ( 800 ) 284-3900 .
After you close your account , you will not be able to sign in to our website or access any of your personal information on the website .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
If you close your account , we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity , as well as to prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , enforce our terms and conditions , take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our customers , or take other actions otherwise permitted by law .
In addition , if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy , retention of that information will be subject to those third parties ' policies .
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website or our other services because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services through our website or by phone ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions .
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional e-mails or newsletters from us by updating your online preferences or by calling customer service and requesting to opt-out of receiving these emails .
When your register or provide your e-mail address on our website , you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive e-mail messages about special offers .
You may modify your choice at any time utilizing the online email preference options page .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
It may take up to 10 days for us to process an opt-out request .
We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Please note that changing information in your account , or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional e-mail communications will only affect future activities or communications from us .
If we have already provided your information to a third party before you have changed your preferences or updated your information , you may have to change your preferences directly with that third party .
California Residents - If you are a resident of California , in addition to the rights set forth above , you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties and the HSNi companies for their direct marketing purposes .
California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information :
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year ;
the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information ; and
if the nature of the third party 's business can not be determined from their name , examples of the products or services marketed .
We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you .
Under our Do-Not-Call policy you may instruct us not to call you for marketing purposes by calling ( 800 ) 284-3900 .
We will implement your instructions within 30 days .
We have policies and procedures in place and train our employees to honor your request .
Please note that we may still need to call you for servicing or other non-marketing purposes .
HSN respects your privacy , and we understand that not all of our visitors wish to have information collected by third parties regarding their shopping experience .
You have the option to deactivate the ability of our Data Compiler to analyze your web browsing and purchasing behavior , or choose to continue to benefit from the improved shopping experience which our Data Compiler 's analysis allows us to provide to you , but maintain anonymity .
To learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select with respect to our Data Compiler and to exercise your choice , click here .
Your status is maintained by placement of an `` opt-out cookie '' on your computer .
If this cookie is removed or deleted , if you upgrade your browser to a new version , or if you visit us from a different computer , you will need to return to this form to re-select your preference .
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information .
We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business .
However , no system can be completely secure .
Therefore , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
You should also take care with how you handle and disclose your personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure e-mail .
USER-SUBMITTED CONTENT ( BLOGS , BULLETIN BOARDS , REVIEWS , PROFILES , CHAT ROOMS , ETC . )
We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about yourself and others , create a profile , and communicate with others , as well as post reviews of products , establishments , contractors , and the like , or upload content ( e.g. , pictures , videos , audio files , etc . ) .
Such postings are governed by our Terms and Conditions .
In addition , such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your e-mail address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what others may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Once you have posted information , you will not be able to edit or delete such information .
Our website is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
VISITING OUR WEBSITES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our website from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy .
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy , we will revise the 'last updated ' date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us in your account , profile or registration ( unless we do not have such an e-mail address ) , and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website .
We recommend that you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies .
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices , or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please contact us by e-mail or postal mail as follows :
St. Petersburg , Florida 33729
2011 HSN , Inc .
All rights reserved .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record keeping purposes .
Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities , such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site , content and advertising .
You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings .
( Click 'Help ' in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions . )
If you do so , some of the features and services of our website may not function properly .
We may allow third parties , including HSNi companies , advertising companies , and ad networks , to display advertisements on our site .
These companies may use tracking technologies , such as cookies , to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements .
Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties , but they may collect information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver , and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites .
They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you .
The collection and use of that information is subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness .
Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies .
Unlike cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages ( or in e-mail ) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website .
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded any HSN mobile application ( s ) .
This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you .
Examples of information that may be collected and used may include , but are not limited to : your geographic location , how you use the HSN application ( s ) , and information about the type of device you use .
This information is sent to HSN as aggregate information , and is not traceable back to any individual and can not be used to identify an individual .
To opt out of sharing this information , such as location , please review the terms and conditions before you download the application , or you may review the settings on your mobile device or you may choose at any time to uninstall the HSN application ( s ) from your mobile device .

LAST UPDATED : October 22 , 2010
QuinStreet , Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the website owned and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy ( the `` Site '' ) .
By using our Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information is information that identifies you as an individual , such as :
Credit or debit card number
In some cases , we may collect information , such as your age , weight , health conditions , insurance type , and whether you 're a non-smoker , combined with your Personal Information .
We will treat all such information as Personal Information as long as it is combined with Personal Information .
We collect Personal Information when you interact with us on the Site .
We may associate Personal Information you provide through the Site with Personal Information collected from other sources .
We will use the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as long as it is combined .
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information :
When you request , to connect you with vendors who will provide you with information about products and services .
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests , such as to send you newsletters .
to send you important information regarding the Site , changes to our terms , conditions , and policies and/or other administrative information .
to send you surveys and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you .
to personalize your experience on the Site and our other websites by presenting advertising , products and offers tailored to you .
to allow you to participate in sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities .
Some of these activities have additional rules , which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information , so we suggest that you read these rules carefully .
to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address .
for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products , enhancing our website , improving our services , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
if you purchase a product or service from us , to complete and fulfill your purchase , for example , to have your payments processed , communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service .
How Personal Information is Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed :
to our affiliates , including but not limited to QuinStreet Media , Inc. and WorldWideLearn , Inc. , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
QuinStreet , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
to our third party service providers who provide services such as contact information verification , payment processing , order fulfillment , customer service , website hosting , data analysis , infrastructure provision , IT services , email delivery services , auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services .
if you request information from vendors so that they can provide you with information about their products and services .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR VENDORS ' USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
if you choose to download a white paper , eBook , or other resource , to our clients , partners and current and future sponsors of that resource .
If you do not want to be contacted by these third parties , please do not download , view or otherwise access the white papers , eBooks and other resources .
if you post your resume on the Site and elect to permit it to be searched by potential employers and staffing agencies , to these potential employers and staffing agencies .
We do not control the use and disclosure of Personal Information by these potential employers and staffing agencies .
While it is our goal that only employers or staffing agencies will gain access to Personal Information in resumes , we can not guarantee that no other persons or entities will gain such access .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE BY OTHERS OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE IN YOUR RESUME .
to third parties to permit them to send you marketing communications , including third parties who may provide similar services as the original service about which you requested more information .
to third party sponsors of sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions .
to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Site .
by you , on message boards , chat , profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information , and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public .
to a third party in the event of any reorganization , merger , sale , joint venture , assignment , transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business , assets or stock ( including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) .
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate : ( a ) under applicable law , including laws outside your country of residence ; ( b ) to comply with legal process ; ( c ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence ; ( d ) to enforce our terms and conditions ; ( e ) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates ; ( f ) to protect our rights , privacy , safety or property , and/or that of our affiliates , you or others ; and ( g ) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
`` Non-Personal Information '' is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as :
Information collected through cookies , pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you
We and our third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information from you , including your MAC address , your computer type , screen resolution , OS version , Internet browser , as well as demographic data , for example , your location , educational degree , balance on mortgage , value of real estate , income , age , weight , type of insurance , diabetic or smoking-related statistics .
We also aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site , for example , by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code .
We may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of cookies , pixel tags , web beacons , and other similar technologies for example to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status or to measure the effectiveness of e-mail communications .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies .
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information
Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you , we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information ( such as combining your name with your geographical location ) .
If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information , the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined .
Your `` IP Address '' is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site , along with the time of the visit and the page ( s ) that were visited .
Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites .
How We Use and Disclose IP Addresses ?
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels , helping diagnose server problems , geographic mapping and administering the Site .
We may also use and disclose IP Addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
Please note that we treat IP Addresses , server log files and related information as Non-Personal Information , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
This Privacy Policy does not address , and we are not responsible for , the privacy , information or other practices of any third parties , including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link .
The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates .
We also work with vendors and partners in operating and improving the Site .
These vendors and other partners include advertisers ( including both banner and text advertising ) , retargeters and web analytics companies .
These partners and vendors use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited at the Site and at times other third party sites ) in order to : help manage ad campaigns , understand user interests and trends and deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on the Site or on other sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTY VENDORS .
We use reasonable organizational , technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Contacting Us section below .
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :
Receiving electronic communications from us and our affiliates : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe .
Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties : If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at as further explained in How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information below and requesting that we suppress all of your Personal Information on a going-forward basis .
Please note that if you opt-out of such sharing , we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information ( i.e. , to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request ) .
If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties , please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails .
We will seek to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you important administrative messages , and you can not opt-out from receiving administrative messages .
How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information
For your protection , we will only implement such requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request , and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request .
In your request , please make clear what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
USE OF SITE BY MINORS
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities , and by providing any PII to us , you consent to the transfer of such Personal Information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules from your country of residence .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. , Social Security number , driver 's license number , credit card number ( unless necessary to make a purchase ) , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Site or otherwise to us .
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy .
Please take a look at the LAST UPDATED legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
950 Tower Lane , 6th Floor
Foster City , CA 94404

HUFFINGTONPOST.COM : PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information that is collected from you when you visit the Site ; how this information may be used and disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected .
What information the Site collects
How we use the information that we collect
Visitors from outside of the United States
Changes to the privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the Site .
This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website or to the practices of companies that the Huffington Post does not control .
Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on the Site and link to another website , then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites , and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit .
What information the Site collects
Information you provide directly to us :
You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site .
However , when you use certain Site functions , such as when you register for certain services , access certain content or features , or directly contact the Site , we may ask you to provide information , including :
contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , and mobile number ;
username and password ;
information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;
search queries conducted on the Site ; and
correspondence you send to us .
Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Site :
When you visit and interact with the Site , certain information may be collected automatically , including :
your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ;
your browser type and operating system ;
the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site ;
activities within community discussions ;
web pages and advertisements that you view , and links that you click on , within the Site ;
your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer ;
aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing ;
standard server log information ; and
information collected through HTML cookies , Flash cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies .
For more information , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies .
Information we collect from other sources :
We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms ( such as social networking sites , databases , online marketing firms , and ad targeting firms ) , including :
if you access third-party social networking services ( such as Facebook Connect or Twitter ) through the Site , your username and connection lists for those services ;
demographic data , such as age range , gender , and interests ;
advertisement interaction and viewing data , such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad ; and
unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law .
Please note that the Site may combine the information that we collect with information we obtain from third-party sources .
How we use the information that we collect
We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications , such as editorial updates , information about your account or changes to the Site , and promotional messages about our own or our marketing partners ' products and services .
If you signed up for one of our email newsletters , we also will send you the newsletter that you requested .
With your consent , we may use your mobile number to send you promotions , notifications , or other services .
In order to provide our readers with free access to our content , we display advertisements on the Site , many of which are targeted based on information about you .
For example , using information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other sources , we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences .
Through this process , advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products , and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested .
For more information on how cookies and other technologies work , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies .
Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site .
For more information , please see our section on third party advertising .
Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our site are not covered by this privacy policy .
To provide you with an open , but also civil , discussion forum , we track user involvement in our community discussions .
For example , we keep track of the ratio of how many flagged comments are eventually deleted in order to award badges to our most effective comment moderators .
For more information on this process , please see our FAQ section about comment moderation guidelines .
We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products , services , and information .
For example , we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards .
In order to learn more about how our Site is used , we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect .
We may use this information , for example , to monitor and analyze use of the Site , to increase our Site 's functionality , and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors ' needs .
We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities , to enforce the Site 's Terms and Conditions , and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users .
In addition to the uses identified above , we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
The Huffington Post values your privacy , and shares information about our users only under certain circumstances .
We will make information about you available to other companies , applications , or people in the circumstances listed below :
We may share aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you with third parties to help us develop content , services , and advertising that we hope you will find of interest .
Please note that we do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site .
We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , data processing , and email and text message distribution .
These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf .
If you choose to engage in public activities on the site , such as posting comments on community message boards , any information you submit can be read , collected , or used by others .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions .
We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place .
However , the Site will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may share information about you to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person , violations of the Site 's Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law .
We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas , search warrants , judicial proceedings , court orders , legal process , or other law enforcement measures , to establish or exercise our legal rights , or to defend against legal claims .
In addition to the scenarios identified above , we may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you , including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click , through cookies , clicks on links , or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site .
For more information , see our section on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising .
To customize your experience on the Site and to simplify the Site 's registration process , we provide you with the opportunity to access or interact with third-party services , such as Facebook and Twitter .
When you connect to the Site through these third-party services , we may share information about you with these third-party service providers and they may share data about you with us .
When you allow us to access your data through a third-party service to create a Site profile , we may use this data for several purposes , including :
Creating relationships automatically within our system .
For example , if you connect to us via a service with a public friend list , like Twitter , we may check to see if any people you follow on Twitter are also Site members .
If we find a match , we will replicate your Twitter relationship with those members , setting them to be fans , followers , or friends on our Site .
For example , if you connect via a service that has a private contact list ( like Google and Yahoo ! ) , we check for people in your contacts who are Site members and suggest that you become a fan of these users .
This process is not automatic ; you must affirmatively choose to become a fan of these suggested users .
Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send emails .
When users share content with their friends using , for example , the forward-to-a-friend feature on the Site , we may use friend lists from third-party services to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send the email message .
Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send service-specific messages .
For example , we may use friend lists from a third-party service to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send an invitation to view an interactive slideshow .
To enhance and personalize your experience on the Site .
When you are connected via a third-party service , we may access certain account information , such as your profile picture , what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about certain articles or blog posts , in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site .
In addition , if you connect to a Facebook account , your experience on the Site may be personalized .
For example , you may automatically see what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about particular stories .
Please note that you may disconnect third party accounts at any time .
Click here for a link to your social profile , where you may set your privacy preferences or disconnect all of your third-party service accounts .
You also may be able to modify your privacy settings directly with the third-party service .
To modify your Facebook privacy settings , click here .
To modify your Twitter privacy settings , click here .
Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party service providers .
You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile .
When you deactivate your account , your user profile will be disabled , but your public comments will remain on the site .
The Site has no responsibility to take down , remove , or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities .
For more information , please review our Terms and Conditions .
Cookies and other technologies
As discussed in the sections on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising , some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other technologies .
You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies , accept only certain cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made .
These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser .
In addition , many third-party advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site , located here .
Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites , limit Flash cookies ' storage capacity , and disallow Flash cookies altogether .
In addition , if you use Mozilla Firefox for your Internet browser , you can download the BetterPrivacy add-on to automatically delete your Flash cookies every time you close your browser .
If you opt out of these technologies , you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site , but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests .
Please remember that we do not have access to , or control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' cookies , and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy .
For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising , please see the section on third party advertising and visit the NAI 's website .
We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical , physical , and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss , misuse , and alteration .
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using the Site , but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Visitors from outside the United States
The Site 's offices are located in the United States .
If you visit the site from another country , please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law .
U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence .
By using the Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States .
European Union Residents : AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
Changes to the privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings .
If we modify this privacy policy , we will update the `` Effective Date . ''
We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account .

December 23 , 2013
Hulu provides an online video service offering a selection of television shows , movies , clips , and other content .
These video services including our Hulu Plus Service , our video player , and any other features , tools , applications , materials , or other services , offered by Hulu on any website , device or platform are referred to collectively as the Hulu Services .
We invite you to click below to get answers to your questions regarding our Privacy Policy .
o What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities ?
o Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services ?
o How does Hulu use the information it collects from or about me ?
o With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me ?
o How does Hulu use and share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information ?
o Do I have choices about Hulu 's use and sharing of the information it collects from or about me ?
o How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me ?
o Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13 ?
o Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States ?
o What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy ?
o What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services ?
o How does Hulu work with social networks like Facebook ?
o How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me ?
o Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy ?
Below you will find our updated Privacy Policy , effective as of December 23 , 2013 .
This Privacy Policy covers the information collected from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services .
It also provides information about our relationships with certain third parties that provide services in connection with the Hulu Services .
Information Collected from or about you
What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities ?
Generally speaking , we may collect the following information from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services :
o information you give us , including your name , email address , birth date , gender , and -if you subscribe to Hulu Plus - your credit card information ;
o information automatically collected when you use the Hulu Services , such as your location , your activity on the Hulu Services , and information collected via cookies , web beacons , or other technologies ;
o information from other commercially available sources , such as data aggregators and public databases , or our business partners , which may include your interests , purchasing behavior and your activities online , such as websites visited and advertisements viewed ; and
o if you connect your social networking account with your Hulu account , information from your social networking account as described below .
We may combine any or all of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy .
Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services ?
o Service Providers .
Companies that provide services to us and our business partners - including companies that assist with payment processing , website , user , and business analytics , data processing , account management , advertising , and other services - may collect information from or about you .
However , our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect , how they may collect it , and how they may use it .
o Other Websites and Platforms .
The Hulu Services may be provided through Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies .
For example , you can access the Hulu Services currently on our business partners ' websites and using Internet connected devices such as your Microsoft Xbox 360 , Nintendo Wii , Roku Streaming Player , iPad or iPhone .
Websites and platforms like these may be co-branded with our name or logo , but they are not operated or maintained by us , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or platforms operated by third parties .
If you are using the Hulu Services on another website or platform , you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any information it collects from or about you .
o Social Networking Services .
You can use the Hulu Services with social networking services , such as Facebook and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account .
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services , Hulu may send information about you to these services , including information about your use of the Hulu Services .
Social networking services also may collect certain technical information about you , such as the IP address of the device you are using to access the Hulu Services and the URL of the page you are viewing .
For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook , please click here .
o Advertisers , Advertising Technology Companies , and Advertising-Related Service Providers .
Hulu places advertisements both on and off the Hulu Services and also carries advertisements from other companies , often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies .
Advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements , measure advertising effectiveness , and enable other enhancements .
For more information about third-party advertising and Hulu , please click here .
How we use this information
How does Hulu use information it collects from or about me ?
o Payment Information .
We only use payment information , such as credit card numbers , as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( for example , processing payments from our Hulu Plus subscribers ) and to prevent abuse of the Hulu Services .
o Other Information .
We use the other information we collect from or about you in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you and to help deliver a first-class user experience .
Hulu 's use of this information includes the following general purposes : contacting you ; customizing the content and advertising you view ; fulfilling your requests for products or services ; identifying content you share when you use the Hulu Services ; improving our services ; conducting research ; compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes ; preventing potentially illegal activities ; protecting our rights ; other uses in accordance with our Terms of Use ; and for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect your information .
o Promotional Communications .
We may use your information to :
o provide you with promotional information about Hulu 's features , services , and other offerings that may be of interest to you ; or
o provide information or offers to you that are related to the Hulu Services on behalf of Hulu 's business partners .
Information about your choices regarding promotional communications you receive from Hulu are described in the `` Your Choices '' section of this Privacy Policy .
o Recommendations and Advertising .
We and service providers acting on behalf of us and our business partners may use the information collected from or about you , including your use of Hulu Services , to provide recommendations and advertisements on the Hulu Services and elsewhere on the web .
o Other Purposes .
In addition to the specific data use described in this Privacy Policy , we may also use the information collected from our about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms .
This means that we will combine information about individuals together , or otherwise anonymize the information , so that no individual person is identifiable .
We may use information in these forms for a variety of purposes , including for research or analysis , website administration , advertising , and promotional purposes .
How we share this information
With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me ?
o Other Hulu Users .
The Hulu Services include social features that let you interact with other people who use them .
Information that you voluntarily make public on the Hulu Services will be shared with other Hulu users .
For example , if your Hulu username includes your real name , when you post a comment it will be associated with your real name .
You can control the sharing of certain information contained in your Hulu profile or about your activities on the Hulu Services with others on the Privacy and Settings page .
o Business Partners .
We may share the information collected from or about you with our business partners , including advertisers and other companies that are not affiliated with Hulu , in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms .
Otherwise , except when such business partners are acting on our behalf or when you have provided your information as part of a co-branded promotion , we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with them so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly .
o Social Networking Services .
You can use the Hulu Services on other social networking services such as Facebook , and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account .
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services , Hulu may send information about you to these services , including information about your use of the Hulu Services .
For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook , please click here .
o Service Providers .
We may also share the information collected from or about you with service providers that provide services to us and our business partners .
For example , we may share your information with other people or entities in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request .
We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive while using the Hulu Services .
Your information , including clickstream data about your use of the Hulu Services and other online activities , may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished .
However , our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information share with these companies and how they may use it .
For more information about sharing in the context of third-party advertising , please see our discussion of Third-Party Advertising on Hulu .
o Other Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your Rights or Ours .
There may be instances when we may disclose your information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Hulu or its affiliates , and each of their respective investors , directors , officers , employees , agents , and suppliers ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Hulu Services or to enforce our Terms of Use ; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity , whether or not legally required .
If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by Hulu or another user of the Hulu Services , we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint .
For instance , if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us , we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded , stored , or transmitted the material addressed by the communication .
o Other Parties In Connection With a Transfer of Assets .
If we sell all or part of our business , or make a sale or transfer of assets , or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction .
o Other Parties With Your Consent .
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy , and only with your consent , we may share personally identifiable information about you , for example , your name , address , telephone number , or email address , with other parties .
Does Hulu share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information ?
In addition to the specific data sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy , we may also share the information collected from or about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms .
This means that we will combine information about individuals together , or otherwise anonymize the information , so that no individual person is identifiable .
We may share information in these forms with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities , including our business partners .
For example , we may share aggregate information with advertisers about the volume of use on the Hulu Services , the specific Hulu videos in which users are most interested , and the effectiveness of advertisements viewed on the Hulu Services ( including the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement ) .
Also , we and our business partners use independent third parties to help measure viewing of content on Hulu , and these third parties may report statistics about viewing in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable forms .
Do I have choices about the use and sharing of the information collected from or about me ?
You have choices about the use and sharing of certain information collected from or about you .
o Other Hulu Users .
Hulu 's Privacy and Settings page gives you the option to control how certain information in your profile ( other than your first and last name ) and your activities are shared when you use the Hulu Services .
You can change your privacy settings at any time on the Privacy and Settings page .
o Business Partners : Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy , we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with business partners , including advertisers and other companies not affiliated with Hulu , so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly .
We also may offer co-branded promotions with these business partners .
If you request information about or otherwise interact with one of these promotions ( such as by entering a contest ) , we may share your contact information with the business partners identified in the promotion .
o Social Networking Services .
When you choose to connect your Hulu account with a social networking account such as Facebook , you may choose to share your information and activities with other users of that particular social network .
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the policies and privacy controls of these social networking services .
o Hulu 's Use of Your Information to Send You Promotional Materials .
By visiting the Privacy and Settings page , you may opt out of receiving alerts or email updates from Hulu promoting our site or the products or services of our business partners , or notices about your queues or subscribed content .
We updated these settings on November 19 , 2010 .
If you affirmatively instructed us not to send you promotional materials prior to that date , we maintained that preference following the change .
But if you did n't give us an affirmative instruction and want to change your preference , you can do so on the Privacy and Settings page .
Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content , we may send you administrative messages , service announcements , terms and conditions of your account , or other similar communications , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
o Hulu 's Use of Information Collected From or About You from Websites You Visit Other than Hulu.com .
Hulu may store information about websites you visit in browser cookies on your computer .
If you do n't want Hulu to store information about websites you visit other than Hulu.com using this browser , please visit our Opt-Out Page to set your preference .
o Do Not Track .
Hulu supports Do Not Track browser settings .
If you enable Do Not Track settings in the browser you are using , Hulu will not store or use information about websites you visit using that browser other than Hulu.com .
o Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising .
If you would like information about your choices with respect to third-party behavioral advertising , please click here .
o Terminating Your Hulu Account .
You may terminate your Hulu account , in accordance with our Terms of Use , via the link accessible on the Account page , or here .
Hulu Plus subscribers should review our Terms of Use for our policies on cancellations and refunds .
Please note that , if you terminate your account , we may retain some information about you .
Security , kids , and other information
How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me ?
We use reasonable physical , technical , and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification .
For example , passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit .
We also take steps to ensure that only those Hulu employees , agents , and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your information are granted access .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card information on our order forms ) , we encrypt that information using secure sockets layer technology ( SSL ) , an industry standard protocol for billing transmission in order to help protect the financial information you send us .
Despite these efforts , please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We want you to feel confident using the Hulu Services but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft .
Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13 ?
Hulu prohibits registration or subscription by , and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from , anyone under 13 years of age .
Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States ?
Hulu is an online video service based in the U.S. , and our offices are headquartered in the U.S . Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Hulu Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S. and be subject to U.S. law .
The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S. may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence .
What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy ?
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or changes to the scope of the Hulu Services or for other reasons .
If we make any material revisions to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting notice on Hulu.com or by sending you an email to the email address you most recently provided to us prior to such revisions taking effect .
If the material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personally identifiable information , we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies
What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services ?
We , along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners , use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Hulu Services and the Internet .
This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work .
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored in separate files within your computer 's Internet browser .
Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform .
For example , cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited .
They enable us to make your use of the Hulu Services more enjoyable .
o We , along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners , may display targeted advertisements based on your activities and other information collected from or about you , such as your interests and your activities online .
Cookies are one way that this kind of information is stored .
o We , along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners , may also use cookies and similar technologies to compile aggregate data about you and to relate your use of the Hulu Services to information obtained from you or from reputable third parties .
For example , if you have asked us to send you information about our upcoming services or promotions , data about your activities on the Hulu Services , collected using cookies , may allow us to limit the materials we send you to items that we believe will be of interest to you .
o You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely .
However , unless you accept cookies , you will not have access to certain Hulu Services .
o Some advertisements displayed in connection with the Hulu Services may also access or place cookies on your Internet browser or use other technologies provided by third-party Internet advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services .
For more information on this topic , please see our discussion of Third Party Advertising on Hulu .
o Other local storage .
We , along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners , use other kinds of local storage , such as Local Shared Objects ( also referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) and HTML5 local storage , in connection with the Hulu Services , including the video player .
Sometimes called `` browser cookies , '' these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences , such as your volume/mute settings .
However , these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies .
Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls .
For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects , please click here .
Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the video player .
o Web beacons .
We , along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners , may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser or the Hulu video player to a web server , including so-called `` pixel tags , '' `` web beacons , '' `` clear GIFs , '' or similar means ( collectively , `` Pixel Tags '' ) .
Pixel Tags , which can be embedded in web pages , videos , or emails , can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser , check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message , and determine , among other things , the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag , the IP address of your computer , and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed .
Pixel Tags are used to improve your Hulu experience , including to provide you with content , including advertisements , customized to your interests .
How does Hulu work with social networks such as Facebook ?
o Hulu and Social Networking .
If you choose to link your Hulu account with a social networking service , Hulu and that service may share certain information about you and your activities .
You may choose to share information about your activities , including what you watch on Hulu , with that social network 's users .
o Connecting with Facebook While Using the Hulu Services .
Facebook and Hulu have developed a process that allows you to connect your Hulu account with your Facebook account .
When you connect your accounts , you authorize Hulu and Facebook to share certain information about you with each other .
When you connect your accounts , Hulu will automatically access the list of all your Facebook friends and import them to Hulu .
In addition , if you visit Hulu while logged into Facebook , then Facebook may be able to identify you and to associate the technical information provided by your web browser with other information that Facebook already has about you .
o Sharing on Facebook .
If you connect your Hulu and Facebook accounts , you may choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook and its users , including publishing your watch activity to Facebook .
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook , Hulu may send information about you to Facebook , including information about your use of the Hulu Services .
Facebook may make that information visible to Facebook users in accordance with applicable law , the Facebook Data Use Policy , and your Facebook privacy settings .
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with Facebook 's Data Use Policy and privacy controls .
Third-Party advertising On Hulu
How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me ?
Hulu carries advertisements from other companies , often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies .
o Clicking on or Viewing Ads .
When you click on or view an advertisement , the advertiser , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may collect some information from or about you .
The information practices of these advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that Hulu does not warn you when you have chosen to click through to another website or property when using the Hulu Services .
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such websites or properties to determine how they handle any information they separately collect from you .
o Use of Cookies and Other Technology in Third-Party Advertising .
Advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements , measure advertising effectiveness , and enable other enhancements .
This information includes your use of the Hulu Services , websites you visited , advertisements you viewed , and your other activities online .
The information practices of these advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
o Information Shared with Advertisers and Advertising-Related Service Providers .
Hulu may share the information collected from or about you in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms with advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners in order to tailor advertisements , measure advertising effectiveness , and enable other enhancements .
This information includes your use of the Hulu Services , websites you visited , advertisements you viewed , and your other activities online .
However , our agreements with these advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services limit the types of information shared with these companies and how they may use it .
o Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising .
Some of these advertisers , advertising technology companies , and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) , a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies .
If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their members ' use of your information , please click here .
Some of the third parties that collect information on the Hulu Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
This program offers a single location where users can make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting .
To learn more , please click here .
Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy ?
You may also contact us by mail at :
Attention : Legal Department
2500 Broadway , 2nd Floor
Santa Monica , CA 90404
If you have general questions about the Hulu Services , please contact us through the `` Contact Us '' page on Hulu.com .

GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY FOR GUESTS
We use your personal information in order to fulfil our commitment to providing an unparalleled guest service experience .
As part of that undertaking , we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the personal information that we gather .
As one of our guests , you understand and agree that we collect , use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Global Privacy Policy for Guests ( this Policy ) .
The Application of this Policy
This Policy applies to personal information regarding guests and the other individuals with whom we do business or who visit us and to the use of that personal information in any form whether oral , electronic or written .
This Policy gives effect to Hyatt 's commitment to protect your personal information and has been adopted by all of the separate and distinct legal entities that manage , operate , franchise , own and/or provide services to the various Hyatt Hotels & Resorts ( whether branded Hyatt , Hyatt Regency , Park Hyatt , Grand Hyatt , Andaz , Hyatt Place , Hyatt House ) , or Hyatt Residence Club properties around the world .
Those entities include Hyatt Hotels Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries , and all of the separate and distinct legal entities that own the individual Hyatt Hotels & Resorts and Hyatt Residence Club properties worldwide , whether branded Hyatt or not .
References to Hyatt , we and our throughout this Policy , depending upon the context , collectively refer to those separate and distinct legal entities , including the entity with which you have made your booking .
If we disclose the personal information we hold about you to other of our affiliated hospitality businesses , those entities must first have agreed to be bound by this Policy with respect to their processing of your personal information .
While this Policy is intended to describe the broadest range of our information processing activities globally , those processing activities may be more limited in some jurisdictions based on the restrictions of their laws .
For example , the laws of a particular country may limit the types of personal information we can collect or the manner in which we process that personal information .
In those instances , we adjust our internal policies and/or practices to reflect the requirements of local law .
Types of Personal Information We Collect
The term personal information in this Policy refers to information which does or is capable of identifying you as an individual .
The types of personal information that we process ( which may vary by jurisdiction based on applicable law ) include :
your name , gender , home and work contact details , business title , date and place of birth , nationality and passport and visa information ;
guest stay information , including the hotels where you have stayed , date of arrival and departure , goods and services purchased , special requests made , observations about your service preferences ( including room and holiday preferences ) , telephone numbers dialled and faxes and telephone messages received ;
your credit card details , Hyatt Gold Passport frequent guest program member information , online user account details , profile or password details and any frequent flyer or travel partner program affiliation ;
any information necessary to fulfil special requests ( e.g. , health conditions that require specific accommodation , purchase of goods and services ) ;
information you provide regarding your marketing preferences or in the course of participating in surveys , contests or promotional offers ;
information collected through the use of closed circuit television systems , card key and other security systems ;
contact and other relevant details concerning the employees of corporate accounts and vendors and other individuals with whom we do business ( e.g. , travel agents or meeting and event planners ) ; and
in limited cases , information relating to the credit of customers .
Most of the personal information we process is information that you or someone acting on your behalf knowingly provides to us .
However , in some instances , we process personal information that we are able to infer about you based on other information you provide to us or on our interactions with you , or personal information about you that we receive from a third party .
There may be instances in which the personal information that you provide to us or that we collect is considered Sensitive Personal Information under the privacy laws of some countries .
Those laws define Sensitive Personal Information to mean personal information from which we can determine or infer an individual 's racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature , membership of a trade union or professional association , physical or mental health or condition , genetic data , sexual life or judicial data ( including information concerning the commission or alleged commission of a criminal offence ) .
We only process Sensitive Personal Information in your jurisdiction if and to the extent permitted or required by applicable law .
When you agree to this Policy you are , to the extent required under local law in some jurisdictions , granting your express and written consent to the processing of any personal information that you provide to Hyatt that is considered to be Sensitive Personal Information or is considered to be financial information .
How We Use Personal Information
Subject to applicable laws , we may collect , use and disclose relevant portions of your personal information in order to :
provide and charge for the hotel accommodation and other goods and services you purchase ;
provide you with a better , more personalised level of service ;
administer the Hyatt Gold Passport frequent guest program ;
fulfil contractual obligations to you , anyone involved in the process of making your travel arrangements ( e.g. , travel agents , group travel organizers or your employer ) and vendors ( e.g. , credit card companies , airline operators and other loyalty programs ) ;
conduct market research , customer satisfaction and quality assurance surveys , direct marketing and sales promotions ;
respond to requests for information and services ;
provide for the safety and security of staff , guests and other visitors ;
administer general record keeping ;
meet legal and regulatory requirements ; and
process credit applications ( in the context of Hyatt Residence Club ) .
Disclosures of your Personal Information
From time to time , we may disclose your personal information .
We would always make that disclosure in accordance with applicable law .
Circumstances where we might make such disclosure ( in addition to those described in Section 4 above ) include :
5.1Our Agents , Service Providers and Suppliers
Like most international hotel brands , we may outsource the processing of certain functions and/or information to third parties .
We may also engage market research firms to assist us in contacting guests for the purpose of market research and quality assurance .
When we do outsource the processing of your personal information to third parties or provide your personal information to third party service providers , we oblige those third parties to protect your personal information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Policy , with appropriate security measures and prohibit them from using your personal information for their own purposes or from disclosing your personal information to others .
When you request credit , your personal information will be used and disclosed to appropriate third parties in accordance with applicable laws for the purpose of determining whether to grant and maintain a line of credit to you .
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell hotels and other assets , or cease being the manager or franchisor of a hotel that is currently part of our portfolio .
In those circumstances , we may include the personal information collected about you , or control of that personal information , as a business asset in any such transfer .
Also , in the unlikely event that we , or substantially all of our assets , are acquired , personal information collected from you , or control of such information , may be one of the transferred assets .
If you are an employee or independent contractor of a company that participates in Hyatt 's E-Folio Program , and you use the corporate credit card that is provided to you by your employer ( if you are an employee ) or corporate client ( if you are an independent contractor ) to pay for your hotel bill at a Hyatt property , then you may benefit from Hyatt 's e-folio program ( the E-Folio Program ) .
Under the E-Folio Program , an extract of your bill ( including the dates of your stay , your credit card details and amounts incurred at the Hyatt property including room charges and all incidental charges including but not limited to food , beverage and entertainment charges ) will be transferred electronically by the Hyatt property via Hyatt 's U.S.-based information system to a third party service provider who acts on Hyatt 's behalf to compile the extract and transfer it to :
the credit card network operator , the credit card issuer and/or their respective subcontractors , who will , in turn , forward that extract to your employer or corporate client ( and/or their respective subcontractors ) to facilitate the processing and tracking of your travel-related expenses ; or
in some limited circumstances , your employer or corporate client ( and/or their respective subcontractors ) directly for the same purpose .
The entities that receive the extract of your bill will be located in the United States , which does not have privacy laws that specifically address in detail all uses of personal information in the same way as in other parts of the world ( notably Europe , Canada , Australia and most of South America ) .
Once the personal information is transferred to the credit card network operator , credit card issuer , your employer or corporate client and/or their respective subcontractors , it is no longer subject to the protections described in this Policy , but rather your own arrangements with your employer or corporate client , the relevant credit card network operator , the relevant card issuer and/or their respective subcontractors .
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information we have concerning you if we are compelled to do so by a court of law or requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we determine it is necessary or desirable to comply with the law or to protect or defend our rights or property in accordance with applicable laws .
We also reserve the right to retain personal information collected and to process such personal information to comply with accounting , tax rules and regulations and any specific record retention laws .
Centralized Data Processing Activities
Like most international businesses , we have centralized certain aspects of our data processing activities in accordance with applicable laws , which , in many instances , will result in the transfer of your personal information from one country to another .
For example , if you make a reservation and/or stay at one of the Hyatt hotels or resorts outside of the United States , the personal information gathered in that process will be transferred to and processed in the United States .
The jurisdictions where that information will be processed may or may not have laws that seek to preserve the privacy of personal information .
Nevertheless , whenever your personal information is transferred within the Hyatt companies , your personal information will be processed in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Policy and applicable laws .
Information We Collect When You Visit Us Online
7.1You Can Browse Without Revealing Your Identity
You can always visit our websites without revealing who you are or providing any personal information .
When you visit our websites , we collect usage information ( i.e. , the Internet Protocol address automatically assigned to your computer each time you browse the Internet , the date and time of your visit , the type of Internet browser you use and the URL of any other website that referred you to our website , and the pages you access and the amount of time you spend on each page ) , but that information is not linked to you as an individual unless you create a user profile .
We use this information to evaluate and improve the features , guest experience and functionality of our websites .
We use cookie technology on our websites to allow us to evaluate and improve the functionality of our websites .
Cookies by themselves can not be used to reveal your identity .
They identify your browser , but not you , to our servers when you visit our websites .
For information about how Hyatt uses cookies , visit Cookie Statement .
If you do not want to accept cookies , you can block them by adjusting the settings on your Internet browser .
However , if you block them , you will not be able to use all of the features of our websites , including the customisation features associated with creating a user profile .
Further information about cookies and how they work is available at allaboutcookies.org .
7.4Creating a User Profile
We may use the information you provide in your user profile to populate other databases maintained by us and our service providers , as applicable .
By creating a user profile , you are agreeing that we may use the personal information you provide for these purposes .
If you subsequently elect to remove your user profile , we will have the right to use any personal information previously provided by you for inclusion in your user profile for record keeping and quality assurance purposes .
Even if you choose not to create a user profile , you can still use our websites to search for and purchase services .
7.5Links to Other Websites
If you click on a link found on our websites or on any other website , you should always look at the location bar within your browser to determine whether you have been linked to a different website .
This Policy , and our responsibility , is limited to our own information collection practices .
We are not responsible for , and can not always ensure , the information collection practices or privacy policies of other websites maintained by third parties or our service providers where you submit your personal information directly to such websites .
In addition , we can not ensure the content of the websites maintained by these third parties or our service providers , even if accessible using a link from our websites .
We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of any external sites before providing any personal information while accessing those sites .
Because the security of your personal information is important to us , we use Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) software in order to encrypt the personal information that you provide to us .
If your browser is SSL enabled ( which most are ) , your transmission of personal information to us online will be encrypted .
You can verify whether your personal information is transmitted using SSL encryption by confirming the symbol of a closed lock or solid key on the bottom bar of your browser window .
The personal information we collect from you online is stored by us and/or our service providers on databases protected through a combination of physical and electronic access controls , firewall technology and other reasonable security measures .
Nevertheless , such security measures can not prevent all loss , misuse or alteration of personal information and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law .
Where required under law , we will notify you of any such loss , misuse or alteration of personal information that may affect you , so that you can take the appropriate actions for the due protection of your rights .
Our websites do not sell products or services for purchase by children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children .
If you are under the age of 18 ( or a minor in the jurisdiction in which you are accessing our websites ) , you may only use our websites with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
You may always choose what personal information ( if any ) you wish to provide to us .
However , if you choose not to provide certain details , some of your experiences with us may be affected ( for example , we can not take a reservation without a name ) .
If you provide us with your contact details ( e.g. , postal address , email address , telephone number or fax number ) , we may contact you to let you know about the products , services , promotions and events offered that we think you may be interested in .
We may also share your personal information with carefully selected third parties , who may communicate directly with you .
You can always choose whether or not to receive any or all of these communications by contacting us as described in Section 11 below or following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the communications .
If you have a Gold Passport account , we ask you to indicate your communication preferences at the time you apply for membership or when you create your user profile .
We may also ask you to indicate how you would like to receive any offers , marketing and promotional information ( i.e. , via email or regular mail ) and whether you would be willing to participate in surveys .
Once you have indicated your preferences , you can always change them .
In some jurisdictions , data privacy laws may require us to obtain your consent before we send you information that you have not specifically requested .
In certain circumstances , your consent may be implied ( e.g. , where communications are required in order to fulfil your requests and/or where you have volunteered information for use by us ) .
In other cases , we may seek your consent expressly in accordance with applicable laws ( e.g. , where the information collected is regarded to be Sensitive Personal Information under local regulations ) .
We will abide by any request from you not to send you direct marketing materials .
When such a request is received , your contact details will be suppressed rather than deleted .
This will ensure that your request is recorded and retained unless you provide a later consent that overrides it .
Updating or Accessing Your Personal Information
With some limited exceptions , you have rights to access and update personal information held about you .
If you want to inquire about any personal information we may have about you , you can do so by sending us a written request by letter or email to the addresses set out in Section 11 below .
Please be sure to include your full name , address and telephone number and a copy of a document evidencing your identity ( such as an ID card or passport ) so we can ascertain your identity and whether we have any personal information regarding you , or in case we need to contact you to obtain any additional information , we may require to make that determination .
We reserve the right to charge you a fee , if permitted under applicable law , which is usually around US $ 20 for processing any such request .
Where you make more than one request in quick succession , we may respond to your subsequent request by referring to our earlier response and only identifying any items that have changed materially .
You may request that we correct , cancel , and/or stop processing personal information that we hold about you .
If we agree that the personal information is incorrect , or that the processing should be stopped , we will delete or correct the personal information .
If we do not agree that the personal information is incorrect we will tell you that we do not agree and record the fact that you consider that personal information to be incorrect in the relevant file ( s ) .
Changes to this Policy
Just as our business changes constantly , this Policy may also change .
To assist you , this Policy has an effective date set out at the end of this document .
Request for Access to Personal Information/Questions or Complaints
If you have any questions about this Policy , or any concerns or complaints with regard to the administration of the Policy , or if you would like to submit a request ( in the manner described in Section 9 above ) for access to the personal information that we maintain about you , please contact us by any of the following means :
by mail at Hyatt Hotels Corporation , Attn : Consumer Affairs , 9805 Q Street , Omaha , NE 68127 , United States ; or
by contacting the front desk at any of our hotels .
While this Policy alone does not create contractual rights , Hyatt has ensured compliance with some of its legal obligations in some countries in relation to personal information by creating a set of binding Standards and Policies ( known in some countries as binding corporate rules ) , approved by a number of national privacy regulators .
As a result , depending on your circumstances and location , you may be able to enforce your privacy rights using those Standards or Policies through that regulator or a court .
If you would like to know more about these standards and commitments , please contact Hyatt Hotels Corporation at the address above or the Chief Privacy Officer at the email address above .
All requests for access to your personal information must be submitted in writing by letter or email .
We may respond to your request by letter , email , telephone or any other suitable method .
Effective Date June 2013

Personal data protection and information security
Any personal data provided during the `` Online Reservation and Purchase '' process will be included in a file that Iberia L.A.E S.A. OPERADORA , Sole-Shareholder Company is responsible for and will be used in order to manage the requested service , obtain supplementary services or facilitate the immigration process and entry into a State 's territory .
Similarly , we hereby inform you that , in compliance with the express request made to all airline companies for the purpose of controlling and safeguarding public security , Iberia will be authorised to report your data as a passenger to the government authorities of the country of origin , transit or destination at any time prior to your arrival for the purpose of internal security control .
The United States also requires this information for planes that fly over their air space .
This information may also be provided to other States which , by virtue of that stipulated in any applicable laws or treaties , require this information to fly over their air space .
In accordance with the laws and regulations applicable in Spain and abroad , in certain cases the Carrier may be obliged to report personal data to the relevant Spanish or foreign public authorities ( customs , immigration , etc . ) , in particular for the purposes of preventing and combating terrorism and other serious crimes .
It should be noted that certain of the aforementioned recipients may be located outside of the European Union and have access to all or part of the personal data gathered by the Carrier ( surnames , given name , passport number , trip details , etc . ) in order to correctly perform the Passenger Transport Agreement or as the result of a specific law being enacted .
Any data transferred outside the European Union is done so in accordance with that established in Personal Data Protection Organic Law 15/1999 , of 13 December .
Certain personal data must be gathered in order to make the Reservation and establish the Transport Agreement .
Naturally , Passengers may exercise their right of objection to the gathering and processing of this data , however , this could lead to the trip being cancelled or make it impossible to access certain specific additional services that were requested ( special meals , etc . ) .
It should also be noted that , in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable in Spain and abroad , failure to report certain data , or reporting incorrect data , could lead to the passenger being denied boarding onto the plane or entry into a foreign country , whereby the Carrier may not be deemed liable for this incident .
The act of visiting this website does not imply that the user is obliged to provide any personal information .
When users are asked to provide personal data , they will be informed whether the data being gathered is voluntary or mandatory .
Should the user refuse to provide any mandatory data , they will not be able to assess the service for which the data was requested .
Similarly , data may be provided voluntarily for the purpose of rendering the services offered in the most optimal manner possible .
In the event the users of this website are required to provide their e-mail address in order to access certain services offered , they may request not to receive any type of communication from Iberia that may be sent .
Iberia will provide the users that subscribed to any type of e-mail list on the website with the adequate mechanisms to unsubscribe to the list .
IBERIA registers IP addresses ( which all users have when accessing the website ) exclusively for internal purposes , such as for obtaining statistics regarding access and market segmentation .
IBERIA does not associate IP addresses with information that could identify the user personally , by providing third parties with informative extracts of traffic to the website that do not affect the anonymity of the user , with data on the number of visits to a certain section of the website , traffic flows and trends , etc .
Access to this website may also imply the use of cookies .
Cookies are small amounts of information that are stored on your browser in order for the server to remember certain information that only the server that created the cookie may subsequently read .
In general , cookies have a limited duration .
Cookies do not allow users to be contacted through their telephone number , e-mail address or by any other means of contact .
Cookies are not able to extract information from the user 's hard drive or steal personal information .
Those users who do not wish to store cookies or who want to be notified when they are added , may configure their browsers accordingly .
This web page uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc. , a Delaware company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway , Mountain View ( California ) , CA 94043 , USA ( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses cookies , which are text files placed on your computer , to help the website analyse how users use the site .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process this information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
This website may use tracking tags on certain web pages for measuring and optimising marketing campaigns , but does not store any of the user 's personal information under any circumstances .
You may choose not to allow your data or information to be processed and refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however , please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website .
By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
All users whose personal data is processed , may exercise their rights of objection , access , correction and deletion with regard to their data under the terms envisaged by Personal Data Protection Organic Law 15/1999 .
These rights may be exercised through one of the following channels :
In writing by sending a request , together with the documentation evidencing your identity , to the following address :
Direccin Sistemas / U. Seguridad Informtica
Zona Industrial n 2
By fax , sending a request , together with the documentation evidencing your identity , to + 34 91 587 55 64 , addressed to `` Attn : Personal Data ''
In order to exercise your right of cancellation , you may use the following document
If you are unable to view PDF files , you can download the file by clicking on this button
The interested party is hereby informed that the data processing necessary in order to process his request may include operational communications , which may or may not be sent via electronic means ( e-mail , telephone , etc . ) , and which in any case will not require any consideration on the part of the interested party , including the occasional quality survey sent to verify the user 's degree of satisfaction with the services provided by the company .
The interested party is also informed that , for the purpose of recording and checking the veracity of the information provided during the purchase process , the data provided may be verified with information managers for the sole purpose of preventing erroneous or fraudulent operations .

This Privacy Policy describes how International Business Times , Inc .
( `` IBTimes , '' `` us '' or `` we '' ) , will collect and use your personally identifiable information ( `` PII '' ) ( that is -- your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , or credit card number ) as well as data that can , under certain circumstances , indirectly lead to PII ( `` Related Data '' ) .
From time to time International Business Times may revise this Privacy Policy .
If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your PII or Related Data , those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of the Policy .
Therefore , you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices .
If we make material changes to our practices regarding use of your PII or Related Data , your PII and Related Data will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was subject prior to those changes , unless you have been provided notice of , and have not objected to , the changes .
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
When you subscribe to our products or services , we collect PII and Related Information from you .
We also may collect PII and Related Information from you when you contact us about your subscriptions or participate in activities like : our resume database ; job searches ; forums ; message boards ; chats ; submitting a letter to the editor ; forwarding an article to a friend ; creating a community profile ; rating , tagging and commenting on articles ; or surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or games .
When you visit our web sites , we automatically collect non PII such as IP addresses and web site usage information from you .
We do not , however , knowingly collect PII from children under the age of thirteen .
Sometimes we collect personally identifiable information from consumers in manual format or off-line , for example via a post card or subscription form .
Providing detailed notice in those situations often proves impractical , so consumers will instead be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Policy and other relevant information from us .
When you provide PII to us , we will make sure you are informed about the types of uses we will make of the information to the extent it is being used in a manner that differs from what is allowed pursuant to this Privacy Policy .
Cookies are small bits of information that our web sites place on the hard drive of your computer .
We use cookies to , among other things , facilitate our login processes ; allow you to personalize and store your settings ; collect usage information ; determine our total audience size and traffic ; and help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to users .
Third party advertisements displayed on our sites may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers .
We do not control these cookies and visitors to our web sites should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies .
( See the `` Notice '' section below for more information on third party advertisements ) .
You can set the browser on your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent , block third party cookies or block all cookies .
However , by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on our web sites .
We also use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users and assess traffic patterns , and we include web beacons and cookies in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened .
When you view an ad for our publications on other sites , our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
We and our advertising company may also use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) to note which pages you visit after viewing our ads .
The information that is collected through the use of these images is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts .
We may use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of our web sites to PII obtained from you or a reputable third party .
For example , if you 've asked us to send you information about our upcoming products or promotions , cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on our web sites may allow us to limit the materials we send you to items we think you will find interesting , based on your prior online activities and preferences .
However , if we wish to combine your personal and cookie or click stream information in this manner , we will obtain your express affirmative consent .
Third Party Ad Servers .
Some of the advertisements and other services that appear on our web site ( s ) are delivered to you by Internet advertising companies .
These companies utilize certain technologies including cookies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our sites and other web sites .
Third Party Web Sites .
Our web sites link to web sites operated by other companies .
Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with International Business Times or other International Business Times logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us .
For example , the Business & Hire section of International Business Times online offers a collection of third party services , such as career counseling , reference checks , recruiter databases and other services , through such links .
We 're not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with our sites or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies .
Once you 've left our site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you .
Our web sites may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with us ( i.e. , that are part of the News America Group ( `` Affiliated Companies '' ) .
Although all Affiliated Companies adhere to our privacy principles , visitors to those Affiliated Company sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
USE : HERE 'S HOW WE USE PII
We may use information in the following ways :
For the purposes for which you specifically provided it including , without limitation , to enable us to process and fulfill your subscription or other requests
To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us .
To notify you about our products , services , and special offers .
To otherwise contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you .
To enhance or develop features , products and services .
To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our subscribers , web site user base and usage patterns .
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you and others see on our web sites .
To allow other select companies to send you promotional materials about their products and services ( that is , unless you 've told us not to do so ( see Choice below ) .
Information about your activities on our sites and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests .
We may combine the information that we collect from you with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of other International Business Times products , services and web sites , or information we collect from third parties .
Except as set forth herein , or if we inform you otherwise at the time of data collection , we will not share your PII or Related Data outside of International Business Times .
Affiliates : We may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us , that is , are part of the News America Group of companies .
Service Providers : We may use other companies to perform services including , without limitation , facilitating some aspects of our web sites , sending e-mail , fulfilling purchase requests , delivering subscriptions , serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads , and auditing .
These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your PII and Related Data solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf .
Special Circumstances : There may be instances when we may disclose PII or Related Data without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of International Business Times , other companies within the News America Group or their employees , agents and contractors ; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites ; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or to comply with the law or legal process .
In addition , if International Business Times sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction .
Corporate , Third-Party , and Student Subscriptions : If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription .
If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use .
When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your personally identifiable information such as your name or email address .
Third Party Promotional Offers : If you subscribe to our print publications , we may share your contact information with other companies whose products and services may be of interest to you .
While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please see `` Choice '' for instructions on how to tell us not to share your information .
If you subscribe solely to our online publications , we will not sell , rent , swap , or authorize any third party to use your personally identifiable information for such party 's own marketing purposes , unless you choose in advance to have your personally identifiable information shared for this purpose .
Social Network and Interactive Tools .
Certain features on our web sites give you an opportunity to interact with us and others .
These may include forums , message boards , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles .
When you use these features you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , location and e-mail address , may be publicly available to others .
We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit through these interactive features .
When an individual chooses to post information that will be publicly disclosed , he or she is responsible for ensuring that such information conforms to all local data protection laws .
We are not responsible under any data protection laws for user posted information .
Anonymous click stream , number of page views calculated by pixel tags , and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with our advertisers and business partners .
CHOICE : WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII
You must update your preferences for each of our publications separately , as indicated below :
International Business Times Online
To opt out of receiving marketing from International Business Times Online , if you are a subscriber visit our Member Center .
ACCESS : HOW TO ACCESS , CORRECT OR UPDATE YOUR PII
You may review and update the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us by contacting Customer Service for each of our publications , as indicated below .
Most subscribers also can update their information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections .
Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you must update your information for each separately .
SECURITY : WE PROTECT THE SECURITY OF PII
We use commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII and Related Data in our possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
We retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations .
TRANSFER TO US OR OTHER COUNTRIES
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where International Business Times has facilities , and by subscribing to and/or using our publications , you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country .
REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE : HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS
This policy was last updated on April 8th , 2012

In the course of using this website or availing the products and services vide the online application forms and questionnaires , ICICI Bank and its Affiliates may become privy to the personal information of its customers , including information that is of a confidential nature .
ICICI Bank is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the customer information and its transmission through the world wide web and it shall not be held liable for disclosure of the confidential information when in accordance with this Privacy Commitment or in terms of the agreements , if any , with the Customers .
ICICI Bank endeavours to safeguard and ensure the security of the information provided by the Customer .
ICICI Bank uses 128-bit encryption , for the transmission of the information , which is currently the permitted level of encryption in India .
When the information provided by the Customers is not transmitted through this encryption , the Customers ' system ( if configured accordingly ) will display an appropriate message ensuring the best level of secrecy for the Customer 's information .
The Customer would be required to cooperate with ICICI Bank in order to ensure the security of the information , and it is recommended that the Customers necessarily choose their passwords carefully such that no unauthorised access is made by a third party .
The Customers should undertake not to disclose their password to anyone or keep any written or other record of the password such that a third party could access it .
ICICI Bank undertakes not to disclose the information provided by the Customers to any person , unless such action is necessary to :
Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process ;
Protect and defend ICICI Bank 's or its Affiliates ' rights , interests or property ;
Enforce the terms and conditions of the products or services ; or
Act to protect the interests of ICICI Bank , its Affiliates , or its members , constituents or of other persons .
The Customers shall not disclose to any other person , in any manner whatsoever , any information relating to ICICI Bank or its Affiliates of a confidential nature obtained in the course of availing the services through the website .
Failure to comply with this obligation shall be deemed a serious breach of the terms herein and shall entitle ICICI Bank or its Affiliates to terminate the services , without prejudice to any damages , to which the customer may be entitled otherwise .
ICICI Bank will limit the collection and use of customer information only on a need-to-know basis to deliver better service to the customers .
ICICI Bank may use and share the information provided by the Customers with its Affiliates and third parties for providing services and any service-related activities such as collecting subscription fees for such services , and notifying or contacting the Customers regarding any problem with , or the expiration of , such services .
In this regard , it may be necessary to disclose the customer information to one or more agents and contractors of ICICI Bank and their sub-contractors , but such agents , contractors , and sub-contractors will be required to agree to use the information obtained from ICICI Bank only for these purposes .
The Customer authorises ICICI Bank to exchange , share , part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the Customers to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law , customary practice , credit reporting , statistical analysis and credit scoring , verification or risk management and shall not hold ICICI Bank liable for use or disclosure of this information .

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers , Incorporated , including all of its Societies , Chapters , subsidiaries , affiliates , divisions and other organizational units ( collectively , `` IEEE '' or `` we '' ) , respects your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the IEEE.org and other IEEE Web sites ( collectively , the Web sites ) and your interactions with IEEE offline .
In accordance with IEEE Policies , Section 12.9 IEEE Privacy Policy Statement , this policy lets you know how we collect and use your personal information , and how you can control its use .
It describes the broadest potential use of personal information throughout the Web sites and in offline interactions that is consistent with the terms of this policy .
However , please note that we may make far less use of your personal information .
Precedence of this policy
Except as noted below , this policy takes precedence over and supersedes any other policy concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the Web sites and your interactions with IEEE offline .
It may be necessary for some IEEE Web sites to treat your personal information differently from the ways addressed by this policy .
Accordingly , in the event of any conflict between this policy and the privacy policy posted at the following IEEE Web sites , the policy posted at the following IEEE Web sites shall govern : IEEE Job Site .
Cookies and personal information
This policy covers the following personal information that IEEE collects through your use of the Web sites and in connection with offline interactions .
Specifically , we may collect this information from offline and online registrations and forms , communications and interactions , and sales inquiries and transactions .
IEEE also may use third-party sources , such as opt-in lists , as specified below .
Contact information , such as name , physical address , telephone number , e-mail address , and company/institution .
The majority of the information collected under this category is business contact information .
Transactional information , including information about the products and services you request , purchase , access , or download .
User preferences , such as product requirements , areas of industry interest , and other information you select in your profile when registering for and using your IEEE Account , or as indicated by your use of the Web sites .
Financial/credit card and payment information .
Event and conference participation information .
Usage statistics relating to your use of IEEE products and services .
Electronic communications protocols and cookies .
In addition to the information specified above , we may collect information about your use of the Web sites through electronic communications protocols and cookies .
As is true when you visit most Web sites , IEEE may automatically receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself , which often consists of network routing information ( where you came from ) , equipment information ( browser type ) and date and time .
IEEE also uses cookies , embedded URLs , embedded pixels and other similar technologies to capture additional information .
IEEE 's server will query your browser to see if there are `` cookies '' previously set by the Web sites .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store with a Web browser so that it can later be read back from that browser .
Cookies on the Web sites may collect a unique identifier , user preferences , and profile information and membership information .
IEEE also uses cookies to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personally identifiable information .
Some cookies may remain on a user 's computer after the user leaves the Web site .
While we do not offer an opt-out for cookies , browsers provide you with information and control over cookies .
You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used , and accept or reject the cookie .
You can also set your browser to refuse all cookies or accept only cookies returned to the originating servers .
Users can generally disable the cookie feature on their browser without affecting their ability to use the Web sites , except in some cases where cookies are used as an essential security feature necessary for completing transactions .
Find more information on how to set your browser to opt out of cookies
Third-party cookies and functions .
IEEE may use third-party vendors to serve or track advertisements on Web sites .
Among other things , these third parties may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to enable such third parties to record which ads your browser has loaded and which pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered or accessed .
The information collected through these functions is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties .
IEEE may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the site without cookies .
Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the site , but is not associated with personal information and is not used beyond the session .
IEEE may use embedded pixel technologies on selected pages for the purposes of identifying unique user visits to the Web sites , as opposed to aggregate hits , and to identify the pages viewed .
We may also use embedded pixel technologies to determine whether the recipient of an e-mail has opened a particular message .
The information provided by these technologies may be re-associated with personal information by IEEE .
Use and sharing of personal information
IEEE uses ( and , where specified , shares ) your personal information for the following purposes :
To engage in transactions .
IEEE may use personal information such as name , physical address , telephone number , e-mail address .
and company/institution to engage in transactions with you , including contacting you about your order , subscription or membership .
To process transactions .
IEEE may use financial/credit card and payment information to process your order .
IEEE may need to share some of this information with delivery services , credit card clearing houses , and other third parties to complete the transaction .
To provide support or other services .
IEEE may use your personal information to provide you with support or other services that you have ordered or requested .
In addition , IEEE may use your personal information to respond to your inquiries or requests for information .
To tailor marketing to your needs and respond to your requests .
IEEE may use your personal information to provide you with notices of new product releases and service developments .
IEEE also may use your personal information to respond directly to your requests for information , including registrations for newsletters or other specific requests , or pass your contact information to the appropriate IEEE distributor or reseller for further follow-up related to your interests .
To provide online forums and social networks .
Some services available on the Web sites permit you to participate in interactive discussions , post comments , opportunities , or other content to a bulletin board or exchange , or otherwise engage in networking activities .
Some of these services are moderated ; all may be accessed for technical reasons .
IEEE does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks .
You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums or social networks and tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use .
You should also review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services , including terms related to sharing your personal information and receiving communications .
To administer product downloads .
IEEE may contact you if you download products to confirm certain information about your order ( for example , that you did not experience problems in the download process ) , discuss the downloaded products or provide marketing or sales information about related products and services .
We also may use this information to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use and may share it with your company/institution .
To select content , improve quality and facilitate use of the Web sites .
IEEE may use your personal information , including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic protocols and cookies ( including third-party cookies ) , to help create and personalize Web site content , facilitate your use of the Web sites ( for example , to facilitate navigation and the login process , avoid duplicate data entry , enhance security , keep track of shopping cart additions and preserve order information between sessions ) , improve Web site quality , track marketing campaign responsiveness and evaluate page response rates .
To assess usage of IEEE products and services .
IEEE may track your usage of IEEE products and services ( e.g. , IEEE Xplore ) to determine your level of usage , and those usage statistics may be made available to IEEE 's content licensors and your company/institution .
To communicate with you about a conference or event .
We or our business associates may communicate with you about a conference or event hosted or co-sponsored by IEEE or one of our business associates .
This may include information about the event 's content , event logistics , payment , updates , and additional information related to the event .
Information you provide when registering for or participating in a conference managed or co-sponsored by parties other than or in addition to IEEE may be shared with those parties , and the treatment of such information is further subject to the privacy policies of those parties .
IEEE and its conference co-sponsors may contact you after the event about the event and related products and services .
Please note that IEEE conference co-sponsors , exhibitors and other third parties may directly request your personal information at their conference booths or presentations .
Providing your information to them is optional , and you should review their privacy policies to address your particular needs and concerns about how they will treat your personal information .
To comply with legal requirements .
IEEE may disclose your personal information to comply with laws , court orders , litigation or other legal process , and/or in response to requests from governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence .
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights or protect our operations or users .
As part of a merger or acquisition .
IEEE may disclose your personal information to a successor or acquiring entity as part of a merger , acquisition , reorganization or other transaction involving all or substantially all of IEEE 's assets .
IEEE may share your personal information with agents , contractors and volunteers of IEEE in order to perform the functions listed above .
IEEE memberNet is an online directory and search tool that allows members to connect with other members .
This tool can be utilized by members seeking peers who share a common technical interest , membership or affinity .
IEEE memberNet is only available to active IEEE members .
Each member has control over the profile information that can be displayed about them in memberNet .
All profile information can be made searchable to the rest of the IEEE membership via the memberNet opt-in preferences .
Sharing of membership information .
From time to time , we may share the IEEE membership e-mail lists , in part or as a whole , with other engineering societies and carefully selected third-party organizations who may provide you with information on technical products and services related to your profession or that we otherwise believe is useful to our members .
In addition , the mailing lists may be used in connection with informing you about IEEE services , products , conferences , meetings , and events .
You may instruct us to not share your e-mail address with third parties by indicating this preference on your membership application when you join IEEE , on your renewal form when you renew your membership , or by setting the preferences via your member profile page .
Your choice to opt-out of third party mailings is effective until the next annual renewal date and you must select the mailing lists opt-out option on your renewal form to keep the opt-out in effect .
Registration , customization , preferences , and opt-out
Customization of online services .
There are IEEE online services that allow for the customization of end user preferences .
The user interfaces for some of these services may allow members to create customized views that grant them access to information relating to Society memberships and subscriptions , connecting with their local section , finding upcoming conferences , reading the latest IEEE news , and more .
To access these services , your IEEE Account is required for authentication and authorization purposes .
Depending on the service , you may be allowed to choose and configure portlets to be displayed when you log in , and you may be able to customize whether and how online directories and search tools share your membership status or information with other IEEE members .
IEEE memberNet customization .
You may customize whether and how IEEE memberNet , IEEE 's online directory and search tool , shares your membership status with other IEEE members .
Please refer to the membership directories section below .
From time to time , IEEE may send you e-mails containing information about products or services that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to receive further e-mails from IEEE that are promotional in nature , you may follow the opt-out instructions included in the e-mail .
Some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out , such as communications related to your IEEE membership ; product downloads ; sales transactions ; product and service updates ; event registrations ; changes to the IEEE Constitution , By-Laws or Policies ; election information for IEEE Societies and administrative bodies ; and surveys .
Your California privacy rights .
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ( also known as S.B . 27 ) , if you are a California resident and your business relationship with IEEE is primarily for personal , family , or household purposes , you may request certain data regarding IEEE 's disclosure , if any , of personal information to third parties for the third-parties ' direct marketing purposes .
You may make such a request up to once per calendar year .
If applicable , we will provide you , by e-mail , a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year , along with the third parties ' names and addresses .
Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by S.B . 27 's requirements .
The Web sites provide links to non-IEEE sites we believe may be of interest to you .
Those sites are beyond our control .
You are advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-IEEE sites before providing your personal information to them .
Transfer of information to other countries .
IEEE 's processing of the information that it collects may involve the transfer of that information to various countries around the world .
By submitting your information to IEEE via the Web sites or in connection with your interactions with IEEE offline , you consent to such transfers and to the processing of this information in various countries around the world .
Changes to this policy require the approval of the IEEE Executive Director .
The updated version of this policy will be effective upon its posting on the IEEE Web site on this Web page .
Please check this page to review the most up-to-date version of this policy .

Your Privacy and Security are a Top Priority at iHerb .
Since our inception back in 1996 , iHerb has never shared , rented , or sold any customer information to any other party -- and never will .
When you submit personal information on our website we will protect your information both online and offline .
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure once we receive it .
For example , we store your personal information on computer systems located in limited access , secured facilities .
iHerb.com employees are trained and kept up-to-date on our security procedures .
iHerb takes reasonable and appropriate steps to protect your personal information from unauthorized disclosure or access .
However , no data transmitted over the internet or stored on a server can ever be 100 % secured .
Therefore , while we strive to protect your privacy and personal information , we can not guarantee the security of any information transmitted or disclosed to us online .
We are not responsible for the disclosure , destruction or theft of your personal information .
If you opted to register with us , you established a password for your account , in which case your online account information will be protected by your password .
We suggest that you do not share disclose your password to anyone .
You are responsible for the confidentiality of your account and password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account and password .
We suggest creating challenging passwords such as those with alphanumeric combinations .
When you submit personal information on our website , your information is protected both online and offline .
We can only access your credit card ( but not your actual credit card information ) to issue credits , never for actual charges .
Only you can produce a charge by placing an order in your password-protected account .
While on a secure page , such as our order form which is hosted in a secure data facility , the lock icon of your web browser becomes locked .
This indicates that the connection between your web browser and our web server is secured .
When you submit sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with the encryption software which meets or exceeds industry standards - ( Secure Socket Layer ) .
While on a secure page , such as our order form which is hosted in a secure data facility , the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Firefox , Google Chrome and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to un-locked , or open , when you are just 'surfing ' .
iHerb & Third Parties
Like most retailers , as you visit our websites , we are collecting information about that visit .
We collect this information to improve our delivery of information and services to you .
In order to collect this information , we utilize technology from third party companies like Google .
For example we utilize Google Analytics to aid in website measurement .
This software is employed to evaluate anonymously and in aggregate about how people use the iHerb family of websites .
This software provides information about your device ( e.g . computer , tablet , smartphone ) , the type of browser ( e.g . Chrome , Safari , Firefox ) and operating system ( e.g . Windows , Macintosh , Android , iOS ) .
We gather this information to make sure the websites are optimized based on the technologies the majority of people are using to access our websites .
Part of this technology utilizes internet cookies .
Cookies are stored on your hard drive in the form of a text file .
Most cookies are session cookies meaning that are automatically deleted when you close your browser .
Other cookies are called persistent because they do not expire .
Typically these cookies allow us to provide targeting information about products and pricing .
However you can easily remove them by following the directions in your browsers help file .
While this statistical data is collected , it is important to note that iHerb does not sell , rent or lease any of your personal information .
Nonetheless , if required by law , we will release your personal information due to a search warrant , subpoena , court order , etc .

We at IKEA North American Services LLC ( IKEA ) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us .
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect , how we may use that information , and with whom we may share it .
Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information .
In addition , we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us .
We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information , remove your name from our mailing list , or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices .
What types of information does IKEA collect and use about me and how does IKEA use the information ?
We collect and use information about you to communicate with you about our products , services and promotions .
We also collect information to improve the shopping experience of IKEA consumers .
Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain .
We also tell you how we use the information .
When you request a catalog from us , you provide us with contact information , such as your name , address , phone number and email address , so we may fulfill your request .
When you subscribe to our email list , you provide us information such as your email address , name and ZIP code so we may communicate with you via email .
We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way .
To update your email communication preferences , or to unsubscribe , please click here .
When you order or purchase an IKEA product , you may be required to give us contact and payment information ( such as credit card information ) so we may process your order .
When you pay for an IKEA product using a credit card , we use your credit card information only to fulfil your order and for other internal purposes .
Please note that IKEA may request to verify your purchases against your receipt .
Please keep your receipt available to show an IKEA representative upon request .
If you sign up for IKEA FAMILY , you will be asked for your name , date of birth ( to confirm eligibility ) and information about how you wish to be contacted , such as email address , mobile phone number and home address .
If you contact one of our customer service representatives , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments .
With your consent , we may retain this information to personalize your experience with us and better assist you the next time you contact us .
Help Us to Improve ( HUTI )
In store we provide you with the option to leave a personal comment to the store manager .
During this process you have the option to provide us with such information as your name , address , email address and telephone number so that we can respond to your questions or concerns .
The information that is collected and retained by this unit is for IKEA 's use only .
On our website and in store we provide you with the option to create a customer profile .
The profile allows you to save shopping lists that you create in your in store and online visits , as well as allowing you to save personal planners and designs on the IKEA server and quickly access them when you are in the store .
The customer profile includes personal information such as your name and address , your telephone number and your email address .
The customer profile allows us to facilitate your IKEA shopping experience and to expedite the delivery of purchased products .
The IKEA customer profile is optional .
We collect information on our website using transient cookies , sometimes called session cookies .
A transient cookie is a small file that contains information about a user , and disappears when the user 's browser is closed .
Unlike a persistent cookie , a transient cookie is not stored on the user 's hard drive ; it is stored only in temporary memory that is erased when the web browser is closed .
We use transient cookies to determine , for example , how you use our website so we can improve the design of our site .
Transient cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information about you .
Cookies can be disabled in your web browser .
When you visit our web site , we also collect anonymous information from you .
This includes the Internet browser you are using ; the computer operating system you are using , time spent visiting the web site , usage patterns within the web site , and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site .
This information is not matched to your personal information and does not personally identify you .
We collect this information to help improve your experience on the web site .
Additionally , IKEA may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our interests and property .
This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants .
IKEA offers our customers the ability to find out what 's new at their local IKEA store through their mobile device , either by browsing our mobile web site or through text messaging .
Usage of the mobile web site follows similar standards employed by our standard web site ; cookies may be employed to remember preferences or previous activity but do not reveal personal information and can be disabled using your mobile device 's Internet options .
For text messaging , users will only receive messages if they have specifically opted in for them ; standard text message rates will apply .
To join IKEA Mobile , text the keyword `` JOIN '' to 62345 .
To unsubscribe from IKEA Mobile , text the keyword `` STOP '' to 62345 .
To take advantage of our supervised children 's play area and ballroom while you shop , we require you to fill out a registration card that asks for the child 's name and age , the parent 's or guardian 's name , address , telephone number and signature , and any health concerns relating to the child that we should know .
We ask for this information to help ensure the safety and security of the child .
Other information you provide to us
Through surveys , you may provide us with information such as product preferences , reasons for purchasing a product , family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences .
You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA .
In addition , you may give us such information if you register for or redeem IKEA special offers , discount coupons or other promotions .
We also may ask you to provide us with information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information .
We will use such information to learn about your needs and preferences and if you choose to receive further communications from IKEA , to provide you with information about our products services and promotions .
How may I indicate my privacy preferences ?
Except as may be required in order to process a transaction , you may choose whether or not to give us your personal information , and if you do , how we use it .
If we request your personal information , we will tell you why we are collecting it and seek your consent .
Sometimes you will be asked to give your consent expressly ( such as by checking a box or clicking on a web page ) .
Other times we may obtain your consent implicitly by asking you to provide information with stated purposes but without any express statement of consent ( such as when you order a product or request a catalogue ) .
In other cases , your consent may be implied such as when you respond to a survey when it is understood that we will use the information to learn more about your needs and preferences , or your satisfaction as a customer so as to improve our products and services .
In those cases your consent will be understood if you provide us with the requested information .
You may notify us at any time that you do not wish us to use your information for any purposes that are not required to complete a transaction by contacting us in any of the ways described at the end of this Notice .
You may at any time withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your information or request us to delete if from our files , subject to legal and contractual restrictions and requirements related to any transaction .
How long does IKEA retain my information ?
We retain your information as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you , and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time following to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use .
Your contact information which you provide through the customer profile process ( described above ) is retained until you request us to delete or change it .
Information which is created as part of your shopping experience , such as shopping lists , price offers , personal planners and designs , is retained for varying periods up to two years .
Certain information is retained for longer periods for our internal audit and quality control purposes .
Does IKEA share the information it obtains about me with third parties ?
IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes .
However , we may do so within the IKEA corporate family .
We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf , but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We also may disclose information about you as required by law .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets .
If the business is transferred , we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred .
Should such a transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice .
How does IKEA protect personal information ?
The security of personal information is a high priority for us .
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure , use , alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession .
We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards .
Does IKEA process my information outside of the U.S. ?
We may transfer your information outside of the United States for processing and storing .
The privacy laws in other jurisdictions may differ from United States privacy laws and in some jurisdictions your information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts .
If you would like to obtain more information about our policies and practices relating to our transfer and processing information outside of the United States , please contact us in any of the ways described below under How can I contact IKEA ? .
How does IKEA update its Privacy Notice ?
IKEA services and promotions will change over time .
This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices .
Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice , we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made .
We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice , and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you .
By using this web site , you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it .
Any future access to this web site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time .
Does the IKEA website contain links to other websites ?
The IKEA website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of IKEA and are not under our control .
We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information .
Other websites may have their own privacy notices , which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
IKEA is not responsible for information that is provided by , or collected through , those websites or for any other use of those websites .
How can I update my personal information and privacy preferences ?
We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests .
You can update your email contact information by clicking here , or by using one of the options provided below .
Will I receive email from IKEA ?
We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way .
IKEA also occassionally sends emails to customers who have opted in to receive emails from third parties .
To unsubscribe from these communications , simply click on the unsubscribe link located within the email and you will be able to unsubscribe from the list owner .
What if I prefer not to receive communications from IKEA ?
If you prefer not to receive product information or promotions from us by U.S. Mail , please click here .
To unsubscribe from our email list , please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email you received , or click here and update your profile by deselecting `` Please send me : Inspirational emails and updates . ''
How can I contact IKEA ?
If you have any other questions about IKEA 's privacy practices or about your personal information , please contact us here or call
or write us at :
IKEA North America Services , LLC
Attention : Privacy Notice
420 Alan Wood Rd
Conshohocken , PA 19428
We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern as quickly as possible .
DATED : December 16 , 2013

Last Updated , November 15 , 2010 .
To see what has changed click here .
IMDb knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
By visiting IMDb , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
What Personal Information About Users Does IMDb Gather
The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at IMDb .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future browsing for you , improving our site , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many Web sites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses IMDb or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of IMDb on other Web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from IMDb if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our user list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our users .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as My Movies , local show times , and browsing preferences .
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of IMDb 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
We use web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of certain site features and to conduct research and analysis .
We also allow third parties to place web beacons and other technologies on our site to conduct research and analysis , but we do not provide personal information to such third parties .
Does IMDb Share the Information It Receives
Information about our users is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We share user information with our parent corporation ( Amazon.com , Inc. ) , the subsidiaries it controls , and as described below .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with our affiliated businesses .
In some cases , we will include offerings from these businesses on IMDb .
In other cases , we may include joint offerings from IMDb and these businesses on IMDb .
You can tell when another business is involved in the offering , and we share user information related to those offerings with that business .
Agents : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include sending e-mail , removing repetitive information from user lists , analyzing data , and providing marketing assistance .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of IMDb users on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and e-mail address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy additional services or business units .
In such transactions , user information generally is transferred along with the rest of the service or business unit .
Also , in the event that IMDb , Inc. , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , user information will of course be included in the transaction .
Protection of IMDb and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law ; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of IMDb , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will always receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
What About Third-Party Advertisers
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites .
We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites .
These third-party websites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , sometimes use technology to send ( or `` serve '' ) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs ) , and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use , and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Notice .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
In addition , the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies ( also called `` ad networks '' or `` network advertisers '' ) , including information about how to opt-out of their information collection .
IMDb also displays personalized third-party advertising based on personal information about users , such as information you submit to us about movies you own or have watched .
Click here for more information about the personal information that we gather .
Although IMDb does not provide any personal information to advertisers , advertisers ( including ad-serving companies ) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad ( for example , users in the northwestern United States who bought , watched , or browsed for romantic comedies ) .
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
How Secure Is Information About Me
If you use our subscription service , we work to protect the security of your subscription information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
What Choices and Access Do I Have
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to take advantage of such IMDb features as My Movies and local show times .
You can add or update certain information , such as your e-mail address , by using our User Administration pages .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please use our User Administration pages to adjust your preferences .
( If you do not want to receive legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of IMDb , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . )
If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences .
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer .
However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of IMDb 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
IMDb is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , you may not submit information about yourself to IMDb .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit IMDb , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
If you have any concern about privacy at IMDb , please send us a thorough description to our help desk , and we will try to resolve it .
Our business changes constantly .
This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also , and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .

Imperia Online LTD Privacy policy
Imperia Online LTD take the protection of your personal information very seriously .
The following privacy policy will provide you with information about the personal information that is collected and how it is processed and used .
Subject matter of this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all services which are offered on Imperia Online LTD internet sites , and the individual online game sites .
Unless stated otherwise , this Privacy Policy exclusively regulates how Imperia Online LTD treats your personal information .
In case you make use of services provided by third parties , the Privacy Policy conditions of these third parties apply exclusively .
Imperia Online LTD does not revise Privacy Policy conditions of third parties .
At this address , you can inquire about privacy issues , review , change or delete your personal information stored by Imperia Online LTD .
Alternatively , you can also contact us using the above mail address .
Please - if possible include the online game that you play , the server and your username .
Generally , you can access our Internet offering without disclosing any personal information to us .
It is always your choice whether or not to provide us with your personal information .
We collect your information to be able to fulfill the services contract with you .
In addition to monitoring compliance with the terms and rules this includes in particular the proper handling of your payment orders .
If you would like to register on our Internet sites or subscribe to our newsletter it is necessary to provide personal information .
This information includes , for example , your name , phone number , address , e-mail address and other personal information which Imperia Online LTD may query in individual cases .
In many cases it is possible to use Imperia Online LTD 's services by using pseudonyms .
Users are encouraged to make use of this feature .
In addition , individual information such as IP address , browser type and access time will automatically be transferred to us by your computer and stored on our server .
Except for the purpose of prosecuting unauthorized use of our website , we evaluate such information only for statistical and performance-related purposes .
Where possible , the information is anonymized .
In order to make the visit to our Internet sites as pleasant as possible , we use , like many other companies , the so called cookies .
After your visit to our website , these cookies are usually automatically deleted from your hard drive .
Your Internet browser can be set to reject cookies generally .
This can lead , for technical reasons , to restricted functioning of our Internet offerings .
We gather , process and use personal information unless already permitted by statutes only with your consent .
If this consent is made in an electronic manner in the context of our online offerings , we shall fulfill the legal requirements to inform you about it .
Use of your personal information
We use your personal data in order to constantly improve our range of services and to satisfy the user 's needs .
Imperia Online LTD uses your personal information for the establishment , processing and settlement of your user relationship with Imperia Online LTD and the processing of payments .
Furthermore , we use your information in order to communicate with you .
This includes that we , as the case may be , inform you about novelties of our services via e-mail .
We use your personal information in order to inform you about products , services or certain events which could be of interest to you on a regular basis .
You will be informed as part of this communication that you may cancel the subscription at any time .
Finally , we use your information in order to protect our web pages and to trace unauthorized accesses .
Transmission of personal information
As a matter of course , your data will not be sold to third parties .
Imperia Online LTD exclusively transmits your personal data to the following extent :
We work together with payment providers ( e.g . credit card companies , banks , PayPal , mobile services , etc . ) .
These service providers only have access to your data to the extent which is necessary for the completion of their tasks .
These service providers are obliged to treat your data according to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes .
In the case that Imperia Online LTD , companies controlled by Imperia Online LTD , particular affiliated companies or parts of the company are sold , your customer information will generally be passed on with the sold part of the company .
Of course , in this case your data is also subject to this privacy policy and the relevant data protection statutes .
If your data is no longer necessary for the above-mentioned purposes including the settlement , for tax purposes or other legal reasons , it will be deleted .
Security of your personal information
We process the information collected from you according to the European Union data protection law .
All employees are obliged and have been advised to maintain data confidentiality and privacy obligations .
When submitting payments the transfer of your information is protected by SSL encryption technology .
Imperia Online uses the email addresses of players for registration in the game , and to inform players about promotions , events , changes in Terms and Conditions , and does not provide their email addresses to third parties unless requested by departments related with the legislation of the Republic of Bulgaria .
Upon registration , you automatically subscribe to our electronic newsletter .
In case you do not want to receive newsletter from Imperia Online on your email , you have the option to unsubscribe via the button Unsubscribe '' beneath the informative text in any newsletter .
- letter to a player who has been absent from the game for a while including an external link to the game , providing bonus resources
- letter reminding the player about a start of a new era in a realm in the game , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership
- letter to invite a player from an older version of the game to register in a newer version , including an external link to the game , providing extra premium membership
- letter for receiving a daily bonus of resources in the game
Imperia Online Ltd .
Tzar Boris III 1 , floor 4
Phone/Fax : + 359 [ 2 ] 954 91 28

Updated as of January 24 , 2010
Safeguarding your privacy is very important to us .
We take seriously the collection of any personally identifiable information and personal contact information ( `` personal information '' ) from our visitors and are committed to protecting each visitor 's privacy in accordance with these policies .
We use the term `` visitors '' to include registered members of Inc. communities and any other person that accesses our websites at any point for any amount of time , unless designated otherwise .
Please carefully review our information collection practices and privacy protections below .
Who We Are And How To Reach Us
Mansueto Ventures LLC owns and operates the Inc.com website , the inctechnology.com website , and all websites under the root domain of Inc.com ( collectively referred to in this statement as the 'Website ' ) .
You may contact us directly if you have any questions regarding the content and material on the Website or if you have any questions about our privacy policies .
Please contact us at privacy [ at ] inc.com or Privacy Officer , Mansueto Ventures , 7 World Trade Center , New York , NY 10007 .
Collection of Personal Information
We provide various informative , educational , and entertaining features as part of the Website .
To operate these features , we collect certain non-personal and personal information from our visitors for specific purposes .
For Website activities that request personal information , you agree to provide accurate and current information about yourself .
We may conduct contests , sweepstakes and/or special events ( including applications for the annual Inc. 500|5000 List ) through the Website .
To participate in these events , you must meet the designated criteria for participation , and minimum age requirements ( for example , twenty-one ( 21 ) years of age or older ) for the specific event .
We may retain personal information for an indefinite amount of time to preserve our database and to comply with various federal and state laws .
Use and Collection of Information by the Website
To participate on the Website , or in online activities , special events , contests , sweepstakes or other features available on the Website , you may be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , street and e-mail addresses , telephone number , birth date and gender ( `` personal information '' ) .
We may also survey visitors about various topics , including how we can improve our website and services .
Response to our surveys is entirely voluntary .
We collect personal information for several important purposes , including to operate our membership base , protect the security of our visitors and the site , improve our service and website , distribute our newsletters , notify the winners of our contests and sweepstakes , allow participation in specified activities or Interactive Areas and for future marketing and/or promotional use about the Website and other products and services provided by Mansueto Ventures .
The only personal information the Website obtains about you is information voluntarily provided by you through the Website .
This means that a person can visit the Website and navigate through the Website without giving us personal information .
To gauge the effectiveness of the Website , we may collect non-personal information about our members and visitors , such as Internet server and browser identification , the Internet service provider , clickstream information , the web page from which a person enters our site , webpages visited , duration of visit and domain type .
This information does not reveal a visitor 's personal identity .
We may produce certain contests , sweepstakes and special events with the support of affiliated or non-affiliated sponsors and/or promotional partners .
The personal information collected through the Website in conjunction with such events may also be used for the marketing of additional services and events by Mansueto Ventures and/or its promotional partners and sponsors beyond the contest , sweepstakes and/or special event .
Depending on the event , visitors will be able to either grant their approval on how their personal information will be used before it is collected ( `` opt-in '' ) , or choose to deny use of their information for additional purposes ( `` opt-out '' ) .
For each contest , sweepstakes , and/or special event , we will post on the Website applicable rules for the event , and if necessary , post any supplemental terms and conditions or privacy provisions .
To the extent there is a conflict between those privacy provisions and this policy , the privacy provisions for the specific event will govern .
Use and Collection of Information by Operational Providers
For the convenience of our visitors , we may provide the opportunity to purchase certain goods , merchandise and services through this website .
Companies other than Mansueto Ventures , its parents , partners , affiliates or subsidiaries may handle some of these transactions .
We call these companies that conduct our e-commerce operations , order fulfillment and/or contract services `` operational providers . ''
If you choose to use these optional services , our operational providers will request your personal information to fulfill your order or request .
The voluntary submission of your personal information to these operational providers , including your order or request , will be governed by the specific provider 's terms of usage and privacy policies .
To facilitate an order or request , we may share your personal information with the provider .
The operational provider may also share your personal information with us .
We will store this information in our membership database .
In most instances , we request that our operational providers adhere to the provisions in our privacy policy and that such providers only share visitors ' personal information with Mansueto Ventures , unless necessary to complete a visitor 's request or order .
We also request that these providers only use the personal information for the purpose of conducting the sale or fulfilling the requested service or order .
However , you must read an operational providers privacy policy to determine the extent of use and disclosure of your personal information collected online .
Mansueto Ventures , its parents , affiliates and subsidiaries are not responsible for the collection , use and disclosure practices of operational providers , nor is Mansueto Ventures responsible or liable for the products or services provided by operational providers .
Our Policy on Disclosing Your Information to Parties Other than Mansueto Ventures
We only share or disclose your personal information with companies other than Mansueto Ventures when it is required by law , disclosure is necessary to operate the website or certain website services , to protect the safety of our visitors , employees or property and/or when disclosure is consistent with Mansueto Ventures ' practices for services that are similarly provided offline .
We may in the future share personal information with our parents , partners , affiliates or other entities for other purposes .
If we decide to enter into such sharing arrangements , we will disclose to our registered members and in this Privacy Policy the name of the entity ( s ) that we will share information with , what type of personal information will be shared , how the information will be used , and how to contact us if you do not want us to share your personal information ( `` opt-out '' ) .
We may collect and provide aggregate information about our visitors to our advertisers , sponsors , promotional partners , and affiliates , such as how many persons visited a particular page or activity or the likes and dislikes of our visitors , but this information does not include personal information about any individual visitor .
We may obtain geographic information such as zip code clustering from other sources , but this aggregate information will not reveal any personal information about a specific visitor .
Our Use of Cookies and Tracking Devices
This site uses cookies or other tracking devices .
A cookie is a small data file that contains a unique identification number that a website places on your hard drive when you visit a site .
The `` cookie '' is able to store information such as data about your computer , the type of browser you use , and how many times your computer visits a certain site .
Cookies do not allow the Website to access personal information that you have n't already provided .
Cookies enable us to track how often visitors are visiting our website and specific pages , the number of entries in specific events , the estimated audience size for sponsors and advertisers , and user preferences .
You can refuse to use cookies by turning them off in your browser .
Please contact your browser 's software manufacturer for questions on how to disable your cookies .
You do not need to have cookies turned on to use most of this site .
However , you may find that some areas on the website will be slower , or may not function at all , and you may not be able to participate in certain activities such as contests or sweepstakes if the cookies are disabled .
This site may use clear GIFs [ Graphics Interchange Formats ] ( also known as pixel tags , web beacons or web bugs ) .
A clear GIF is a tiny line of code that is programmed to collect certain information about a visit to a particular website .
We use GIFs to gather non-personal , aggregate information on visits to our website , track usage of website links and assist with registration and other features .
We do not disclose personal information that may be linked to our GIF collection practices to third parties .
Other websites that you may link to through the Website may also use clear GIFs .
Mansueto Ventures , its parents and subsidiaries are not responsible for the use of clear GIFs by other website operators .
Visitor 's must review other website operators ' privacy policies to determine the type and extent of tracking devices used .
Use and Collection of Information by Advertisers and Sponsors ; Third Party Cookies and Tracking Devices
We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads on the Website .
This advertising company may collect and use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visits to our site and other websites not owned and operated by Mansueto Ventures , and may also combine this information with other data about your purchases and interests from other online and offline sources , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In addition , we may share non-personal website usage information about visitors to the Website with this company for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on the Website and other websites .
For these purposes , Mansueto Ventures and our third party advertising company may note some of the pages you visit on the Website through the use of pixel tags ( also called clear GIFs ) .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Website , our third party advertisers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your computer .
If you would like more information about the collection , use and disclosure practices of this third party advertising company and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company , click here .
The Website may post banner ads and other forms of advertisements , and/or links to the websites of affiliate entities or of advertisers or sponsors who are companies that are not owned or operated by Mansueto Ventures , its parents , affiliates or subsidiaries .
These entities may independently solicit and collect personal information , or send their own cookies and/or clear GIFs to our visitors .
The data collected is used in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to users of the Website and other interactive media and may be used to keep track of user response to each advertisement .
We also work with third-party data analytics and online targeting companies .
Some of these companies may use anonymous information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide data and targeting recommendations based on which we may provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Many large advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative on online marketing and analytics companies committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices .
The NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI members ' ad networks .
To learn more about opting out of targeted advertising or to use the tool , click here .
Some of the other companies who may set cookies on the Website to serve or present the ads that appear on the Website and to conduct research about those ads include :
Following are the names and websites of some of the other companies who may set cookies on our sites to serve or present the ads that appear on our sites and to conduct research about the advertisements .
You may learn about opt outing of their targeted advertising programs by going to their respective websites .
Please be advised that when you link to or visit an advertiser 's or sponsor 's website , we may frame the site with our website logo ; however , you will be subject to the privacy policy and terms of usage agreement of that website operator .
Mansueto Ventures , its parents , affiliates or subsidiaries will not be responsible for advertiser or sponsor ads and/or links or the content , activities , information collection , use and disclosure practices of the websites of advertisers and sponsors .
We may also provide co-branded services or promotions with certain sponsors or other entities .
As a part of these services or promotions , we may request the submission of your personal information through the Website for participation and/or registration .
We may also share your information with the sponsor or entity assisting with the service or promotion to fulfill your request .
If the co-sponsor or other entity collects your personal information , they may also share your information with us .
We require our employees to protect the privacy of all information collected over the Website .
Only employees and supervisors with specific authorization have access to databases containing visitors ' personal information .
The databases are protected in a secure facility .
Credit card information is transmitted via encrypted technology .
If we decide to share visitor information with other members of the Mansueto Ventures family , the receiving entity will also maintain the security and integrity of personal information collected over the Website .
That said , it is not possible to guarantee the security or integrity of information you disclose online since a sufficiently powerful attack from an unauthorized third party , however unlikely , could compromise your data .
For the convenience of our visitors , we may offer a list of helpful website links provided by other entities and/or persons .
Mansueto Ventures does not endorse or recommend , nor is it liable for , the products or services of any websites not owned or operated by Mansueto Ventures .
When you visit other websites you will also be subject to the privacy policies and terms of usage agreements , if any , of that website operator .
Notification of Changes in the Privacy Policy
We will review our security measures and Privacy Policy on a periodic basis , and we may modify our policies as Mansueto Ventures deems appropriate .
We may also change or update our Privacy Policy if we add new services or features and will post these changes in this policy .
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy on a regular basis .
CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY POLICY
Mansueto Ventures respects the privacy of your child and we want to share with you our policies regarding children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
We have developed this site to appeal to visitors over the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website , we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
If upon notification by a parent or guardian , or discovery by other means , that a child under thirteen ( 13 ) has improperly registered on this site by using false information , we will immediately cancel the child 's membership and/or participation and delete the child 's personally identifiable information from our records .
If we decide to request information from children , we will require verifiable parental consent before we collect any personal information from children under thirteen ( 13 ) years of age , except in the following circumstances allowed by law :
To provide notice and get consent from a parent or guardian ;
To respond to a one-time request from a child , after which we will immediately delete the child 's information ;
To fulfill a child 's request for a subscription to a online newspaper , magazine or specific information on a regular basis and we will notify the parent or guardian before we contact the child again ;
To protect the safety of a child who is participating on this site ; and
To protect the security or integrity of the site , take precautions against liability , respond to a validly executed subpoena or warrant from law enforcement , or if permitted under other provisions of law .

Incisive Media 's principal offices :
Soho +44 ( 0 ) 20 7316 9000
Haymarket +44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9700
New York +1 646 736 1888
Hong Kong +852 3411 4888
Contact information for a specific division or publication can be found under Markets or Products
Incisive Media Limited and all companies within its Group ( `` Incisive Media '' or `` We '' ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
This policy ( together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it ) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you , or that you provide to us , will be processed by us .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 ( `` the Act '' ) , the data controller is Incisive Media Limited of 32-34 Broadwick Street , London W1A 2HG .
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Sean Hayes .
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you :
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites , and which may be amended from time to time ( `` our sites '' ) .
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site , subscribing to our service , posting material or requesting further services .
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site .
If you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence .
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to them .
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders .
Details of your visits to our site including , but not limited to , traffic data , location data , weblogs and other communication data , whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access .
We may collect information about your computer , including where available your IP address , operating system and browser type , for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers .
This is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns , and does not identify any individual .
For the same reason , we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer .
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer 's hard drive .
They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service .
Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate .
The cookies we use can be grouped into four separate categories :
'Strictly Necessary ' cookies allow you to navigate the website and use essential features like secure areas and online registration .
These cookies do n't gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you 've been on the internet .
Since these cookies are essential in our being able to guarantee the performance of our website , should you disable them we wo n't be able to ensure your security or predict how our website will perform during your visit .
Examples of strictly necessary cookies that we use include the following :
This type of cookie collects information about how you use our website e.g . which pages you visit , and if you experience any errors .
The information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works , gauge what interests our users and assess the effectiveness of advertising .
This type of cookie remembers your preferences for tools found on our websites , so you do n't have to re-set them each time you visit .
Some of them are managed by third parties .
They may for instance determine whether you see the latest or oldest comments made in relation to an article first .
These cookies are used to analyse what advertising might be most relevant to a user of the website based on the areas of the website that the user visits .
Please note that any advertisers featured on our site may also use cookies , over which we have no control .
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies .
However , if you use your browser settings to block all cookies ( including essential cookies ) you may not be to access all or parts of our site .
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our sites .
Your first visit to any of our sites will generate a pop-up header alerting you to this privacy policy and will re-appear only in the event that you change your cookie settings from time to time .
adchoices-logo-bluePlease also note that by clicking on the distinctive Ad Choices logo that appears in our sites you can obtain further information as to how cookies can be used or restricted in tailoring advertising relevant to you .
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA working for us or for one of our suppliers .
Such staff maybe engaged in , among other things , the fulfilment of your order , the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services .
By submitting your personal data , you agree to this transfer , storing or processing .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy .
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers .
Any payment transactions will be encrypted .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
We ask you not to share a password with anyone .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways :
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer .
To provide you with information , products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you , where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes .
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us .
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you choose to do so .
To notify you about changes to our service .
We may also use your data , or permit selected third parties to use your data , to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post , email or telephone .
If you are an existing customer , we will only contact you by electronic means ( e-mail or SMS ) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you .
If you are a new customer , and where we permit selected third parties to use your data , we ( or they ) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this .
If you do not want us to use your data in this way , or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes , please tick the relevant box on the registration form or , alternatively , do not provide your consent to pass on those details when prompted .
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries , our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries , as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties :
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets , in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets .
If Incisive Media or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party , in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets .
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of Incisive Media , our customers , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes .
We will usually inform you ( before collecting your data ) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes .
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by ticking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data .
Our site may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks , advertisers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites .
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you .
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act .
Any access request may be subject to a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and , where appropriate , notified to you by email .

Effective Date : December 9 , 2013
Indeed has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose its use of personal data you give to Indeed when you access or use Indeed 's online and/or mobile services , web sites , and software provided on or in connection with the services or web sites ( collectively , the Website ) .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 9 , 2013 .
You may contact Indeed , Inc. at 7501 N. Capital of Texas Hwy , Building B , Austin , TX 78731 , USA and Indeed Ireland Operations Limited , First Floor , Block B , Riverside IV , Sir John Rogerson 's Quay , Dublin 2 , Ireland .
Or you can reach either company via our Website contact form .
This Privacy Policy covers only data collected through the Website and not any other data collection or processing , including , without limitation , data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our subsidiaries collect offline or through web sites , products , or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy .
Occasionally , we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices and consent requests related to special-purpose web pages , for example , if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Website ; under such circumstances , this Privacy Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request ( e.g. , with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection ) .
Information Collected and Utilized
When you request information , subscribe for a service , register as a user , participate in a survey , post a rating or review , post a question or answer , post a resume , upload content or otherwise actively send us data on our Website , we usually collect data including , but not limited to , user name , password , first and last name , email address , street address , gender , occupation , interests , messages you send to users and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume .
In connection with chargeable services , we will also collect payment information ( e.g. , credit card number and related verification information ) .
In each such instance , you will know what data we collect through the Website , because you actively submit it .
As part of the standard operation of the Website , Indeed will automatically collect information from your computer or mobile device , including , but not limited to , your browser type , operating system , IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site , and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device , type of mobile device .
In addition we may record actions taken on the Website including , but not limited to , date and times of use , clicks , page views , the amount of time you spend on each page , and search queries .
Indeed reserves the right to match your IP address or other information with other information about you in any way permitted by applicable law .
Indeed will store this information on its equipment or the equipment of third parties that it has a relationship with for that purpose .
If you access or use the Website on your mobile telephone or other mobile device , including tablets , we collect mobile device identifiers , including MAC Address , and IP Address .
Indeed may create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number .
We may collect the name you have associated with your device , device type , telephone number , country , and any other information you choose to provide , such as user name , geo-location or e-mail address .
We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Website .
When you submit information to Indeed , this information will be used for the purposes set forth in Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Privacy Policy .
Indeed uses this information and information generated when you use our Website , including but not limited to your resume , your posted reviews , searches , clicks , taps , web sites and web pages you visit through our mobile software ( including third party web sites and web pages ) , job applications , messages and postings to provide our services and features to you , to provide your information to employers that may be interested in contacting you , to provide employer information to you and to measure and improve those services and features , and to provide you with customer support .
If you are located in the USA , Indeed may also share your personal information , such as your email address , with third party websites and/or social networking sites in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you .
( remove spaces when sending email )
Indeed may also use the information to prevent potentially illegal activities and activities that are detrimental to you or other users .
Indeed may investigate and disclose information from or about you or your use of Indeed if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is ( a ) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders ; ( b ) helpful to prevent , investigate , or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the use of the Website ; or ( c ) protects our rights , reputation , property , safety , or that of the public .
We may use a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse such as spam .
These efforts may on occasion result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users .
We may use other companies , including other members of the Indeed corporate group and third parties , to perform services necessary to our operations .
In the course of providing these services , those companies may have access to your personal information and such information may be transferred overseas .
By contractual agreement , those companies must treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
However , we will not be liable ( to the fullest extent permitted by law ) for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies .
Indeed may use your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose problems with Indeed 's service and to administer Indeed 's site .
Your IP address and mobile device information may also be used to help identify you , your location , and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information ( such as country of origin ) .
Indeed may maintain ( as permitted by applicable law ) your data following your termination of your relationship with Indeed .
Indeed may delete your user data as permitted by applicable law .
If you provide credit , debit or other payment card and related details to us in order to make a payment , Indeed will use those details only for the purpose of processing the payment .
Indeed may also aggregate your data with other data , for the purposes set forth above .
Contact and Resume Information
When you give Indeed contact information ( such as your name and email address ) and demographic information , you agree that Indeed may utilize this information as set forth herein .
You agree that Indeed may , as part of its services to you , communicate with you , or initiate communication with you on behalf of a 3rd party , through your Indeed account or through other means made available through your contact information such as email , phone , or postal mail .
If and to the extent permitted by applicable law , Indeed , or its designated third party partners , may also use your contact information to ( i ) send you job alerts ; ( ii ) create an account ; ( iii ) send you information about Indeed ; and , ( iv ) if you are located in the USA , send you promotional material from some of Indeed 's partners .
Indeed may use demographic and/or profile data to tailor your experience on Indeed 's site , show you content that Indeed thinks you may be interested in , and display content according to your preferences .
Your personal information gets placed on the Indeed Website when you upload or edit a resume .
To the extent you upload a resume or edit it , and subject to your Privacy Settings , you are making the resume , your name and other personal information that you place on your resume available to third parties who may be interested in you as an employee , search engines , or to the general public by posting your personal information on the internet .
This may be crawled by , and displayed through , search engines when someone searches for your name .
This means that third parties can view the personal information contained in your resume and you may receive unsolicited contact from parties unaffiliated with Indeed and for whom Indeed has no responsibility .
If you do not want your personal information posted on the Website , you should not upload it .
You may opt-out of this feature by editing your Privacy Settings ; however , Indeed does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches , which may contain old public resume information .
Indeed reserves the right to charge third parties a fee for accessing your information as part of Indeed 's services .
At your direction , Indeed may also send your resume to third parties if you choose to apply for a job listing .
Indeed offers any user the choice to utilize the Indeed website .
If you create a resume on , upload your resume to or apply to a job through or otherwise use the Indeed website , you are specifically consenting to the use of any personal information you have provided to Indeed as set forth herein and in the Terms of Service .
The Website has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under Indeed 's control .
Indeed uses SSL encryption , access control policies , anti-virus programs and firewalls to protect information under our control .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
In addition , please note that emails , messages sent via your web browser , and other similar means of communication with other users are not encrypted .
We strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means .
Therefore , while we strive to protect your information , we can not guarantee its security .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Please see our cookie policy for further information regarding Indeed 's use of Cookies .
Indeed may create links to other web sites .
When you click on links on Indeed you may leave our Website .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites , and we encourage you to read their privacy statements .
Indeed may amend this Privacy Policy at any time .
If Indeed is going to use personally identifiable information collected through Indeed 's site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection Indeed will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on Indeed 's Website for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law .
If there is a change of ownership or control in Indeed 's business ( whether by merger , sale , or otherwise ) or if there is an asset sale , the user information , including your personal information , could be disclosed as part of such a process and / or sold as part of that transaction and your personally identifying information potentially could be used by the purchaser .
However , if that business materially changes this statement or the information-handling practices as described in this Privacy Policy , you will be notified by email and/or through a notice posted on the website , and you may opt-out of the use of your existing information in a new manner .
This Privacy Policy inures to the benefit of any successors or assigns of Indeed or the assets of Indeed .
Safe Harbor for EU Residents
Indeed Inc. complies with the US-EU/Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Economic Area member countries and Switzerland .
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland , Indeed Ireland is the data controller responsible for your information .
Indeed Inc. receives data from Indeed Ireland as a data processor and has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Accessing Personal Data for EU Residents
Residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland have a right of access to their data .
If you wish to access such data , please send a certified letter to the above address with a copy of your passport or national identity card ( for identity verification purposes ) and the same will be provided to you .
There may be a charge for such a request ( which will not be higher than applicable law permits ) .
European Economic Area and Switzerland residents also have a right , if their personal data is inaccurate , of rectification , erasure or blocking of such inaccurate personal data .
You may edit your resume free of charge ( if there is an inaccuracy or otherwise ) , by following procedures set forth on the Indeed Website .
If your personal data is inaccurate , you may alternatively request Indeed to rectify , erase or block the data by sending a certified letter , with a copy of your passport or national identity card ( for identity verification purposes ) , to the above address with the exact nature of the requested action .

Tuesday 01 November 2011
PRINT A A A
Before using the Website ( that is , any site operated by Independent Digital News and Media Limited ) it is your responsibility to read the Privacy Policy .
You can notify us in the manner set out below if you do not want us to share information about you with third parties .
Independent Digital News and Media Limited is hereinafter referred to in this Privacy Policy as IDNM .
Please note that IDNM may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an update on its website .
Please ensure that you check this website from time to time to review the current privacy policy against any preferences you may have indicated .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above .
* Code of Conduct
* Terms & Policies
* Advertising terms and conditions
* Competition terms and conditions
* External contributors : Terms & conditions for freelancers , bloggers and contributors of user-generated content
* Work experience terms and conditions
* Corrections & Clarifications
By accessing and using the Website you are agreeing to be legally bound by the Legal Terms and Policies and this Privacy Policy .
You should therefore also read the Legal Terms and Policies before using the Website .
IDNM is determined to protect your privacy .
It is very important to us that you should be able to use and enjoy the Website without having to compromise your privacy unacceptably .
Knowing something about our users is , however , necessary to ensure that our service is continually improved .
We need to build an accurate picture of the needs and wishes of our users , and to be able to communicate with you .
That enables us to offer a service that is relevant and truly interactive , which is what our users expect .
It also helps us to maintain the greatest possible free-to-user access to the Website .
Behavioural advertising : technology now also enables interest based advertising which allows advertisers to customize adverts to your particular interests and is referred to below .
We answer your important questions
`` What information do you collect about me ? ''
We automatically collect some data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns .
This is aggregate data and does not identify any individual .
We may also ask you to provide personal information on a voluntary basis in order to get a clearer picture of our users .
It is then entirely up to you whether you are happy to give us this information .
In the course of entering competitions , promotions and other offers you will be asked to give some details about yourself .
You may also choose to e-mail us or make contact with us in other ways .
Such contact gives us information about you .
If you have any financial dealings , for instance if you make purchases with our trading partners on co-branded sites , or if you place an order through The Independent Shop , the information you submit will be disclosed to us and to relevant third parties , for example suppliers of goods and services and our web service providers .
`` For what purposes do you collect and use my information ? ''
We use aggregate audience details ( where no individual is identifiable ) to help us improve our understanding of our users and their preferences .
We may use it to assist us in arranging relevant advertising , commercial opportunities and competitions , as well as ensuring the best editorial coverage .
It also helps us develop the Website and audit its use .
The information about you as an identifiable individual , including contact details , may be used in the following ways :
* to conduct market research and other surveys .
* to create and draw to your attention editorial material and commercial opportunities that may be of interest to you .
* to be shared with advertisers , trading partners and other commercial entities with whom we have or might have an association .
We may also be able to share the information that they obtain about their users .
* to respond to any enquiry you make .
`` How private are my details ? ''
Apart from other companies in the IDNM group , we only share personal information about you with third parties whom we have selected carefully and with whom we have , or may have , a commercial relationship .
IDNM complies with the relevant legal requirements and takes all reasonable care to ensure that your information is secure and private and is only seen by responsible third parties .
However we can not be held responsible for the actions of any third party who receives or obtains access to the information , or for any breach of security .
We may also disclose your information if required to do so to comply with any laws , regulations , legal proceedings or governmental request - but this will be subject in each case to the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Use of cookies on a website
In addition to personal information you optionally provide , we may also collect anonymous information about you when you visit the site .
The collection of anonymous data via cookies or web beacons allows us to track our own performance - but also allows us to display content which is more personalised , thereby enhancing your experience of the website .
IDNM does its utmost to respect your privacy .
Cookies let us monitor our performance and provide a better service , as well as sell advertising space , which we use to stay free of charge to our readers .
To this end , we allow a careful selection of trusted third parties to use cookies and tracking to offer you a more personal experience .
Most browsers accept cookies automatically , but you can change your settings to remove them or prevent your computer from automatically accepting them if you prefer .
By continuing to use the website , you agree to the placement of cookies on your device .
If you choose not to receive our cookies , we can not guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be .
For instance , the site wo n't be able to recognise your commenter ID , meaning that you wo n't be able to leave comments .
For more details on cookies ( including how to opt out of cookies issued by third party advertisers ) click here .
International transfer of personal data
As you will know , the internet does not recognise national boundaries .
Services on the net are accessible globally so collection and transmission of personal data is not always confined to one country .
You should be aware that by using the Website and those of our partners or any site we link through to , your personal data may be processed in or transferred to other countries , the USA for example , and you agree to your personal data being transferred or processed in this way .
`` What do I do if I am not happy for you to share information about me with others ? ''
You may not wish us to share personal details about you with third parties outside IDNM , or to use your information in the other ways we have described in this Privacy Policy .
Your personal details may in any event be shared with third party organisations we have contracted to provide services to us , on an agency basis , which include processing data .
We may also have to release information ( which could include the contents of e-mail communications between any persons ) because of a legal requirement on us or pursuant to a court order .
Company and data protection information
The data controller of data on the Website is Independent Digital News and Media Limited , registered in England and Wales under company number 732 0345 , whose registered office is at 2 Derry Street , London , W8 5HF , UK .
VAT number GB 995 5180 73 .
Any queries or notices under the Data Protection Act should be addressed to the IT Director at the above address .
This newspaper adheres to the system of self-regulation overseen by the Press Complaints Commission .

Thank you for visiting Indianexpress.com , the website of The Indian Express Group .
We respect your privacy and consider it an important element of our business .
Our privacy policy is straightforward : We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our website ( s ) unless you volunteer to provide that information to us .
This is broadly how we handle the information we gather .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our website ( s ) just to browse , read pages or download information , but do not register for any of our services , we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information can not and does not identify you personally .
The kind of information that is gathered automatically include the type of browser you are using ( e.g . Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of Operating System you are using ( e.g . Windows '98 or Mac OS ) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider ( e.g . America Online , Satyam Online , Mantra Online , VSNL ) , the date and time of your visit and the pages you visit .
We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information to improve our website ( s ) design , content and primarily to give you a better browsing experience .
We collect personal information from you only if you provide it voluntarily .
The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected by us include name , address , e-mail address and information about your interests in and use of various services .
For example , you might submit your name and e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletters or to take part in our discussion forum or to send us your feedback .
You might also enter another person 's e-mail address and name and yours when you use our 'Mail This Story ' feature .
The information you provide is not given or sold to any private organisations or private persons .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Our website ( s ) sometimes contain links to other websites whose privacy policies may be different to ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
We also use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on our pages .
In the course of serving advertisements , our third-party advertiser may place or recognise a unique `` cookie '' on your browser and may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Links to Other Sites
Our website ( s ) has links to other website ( s ) in the World Wide Web .
The privacy policies of these website ( s ) is not under our control .
Once you leave our servers , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting .
It is advisable to read their privacy policies for further information .

This Agreement is for an indefinite term .
Either party can terminate for any reason at any time .
Unless otherwise stated , copyright or similar rights in all materials presented on the site , including graphical images , are owned by Government of India , Ministry of Railways .
LIMITED PERMISSION TO COPY
You are permitted to print or download extracts from these pages for your personal use only .
Any copies of these pages saved to disk or to any other storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use .
You may not ( whether directly or through the use of any software program ) create a database in electronic or structured manual form by regularly or systematically downloading and storing all or any part of the pages from this site .
No part of The Site may be reproduced or transmitted to or stored in any other web site , nor may any of its pages or part thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non electronic form , nor included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without Government of India , Ministry of Railway 's prior written permission .
All the contents of this Site are only for general information or use .
They do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making ( or refraining from making ) any decision .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways hereby excludes any warranty , express or implied , as to the quality , static/dynamic data accuracy including train timings , timeliness , completeness , performance , fitness for a particular purpose of the Site or any of its contents , including ( but not limited ) to any financial tools contained within the Site .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways will not be liable for any damages ( including , without limitation , damages for loss of business projects , or loss of profits ) arising in contract , tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site , or any of its contents , or from any action taken ( or refrained from being taken ) as a result of using the Site or any such contents .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways , makes no warranty that the contents of the Site are free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties .
Certain links on the Site lead to resources located on servers maintained by third parties over whom Government of India , Ministry of Railways , has no control .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways accepts no responsibility or liability for any of the material contained on those servers .
Part of the Site contains advertising by third parties .
Responsibility for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with applicable International and National law is exclusively on the advertisers .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways will not be responsible for any claim , error , omission or inaccuracy in advertising material .
The Railway related data available on this site should be not be used for commercial use .
CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT
We reserve the right to add to or change the terms of this Agreement .
Changes could be made by us after the first posting to the Site and you will be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to access The Site after that time .
MATERIAL SUBMITTED BY USERS
Certain elements of The Site will contain material submitted by users .
Government of India , Ministry of Railways accepts no responsibility for the content or accuracy of such material .
Ministry of Railways shall have no liability to you for any interruption or delay in access to the Site irrespective of the cause .
The Agreement will be governed by Indian Law .
The Indian courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this agreement .

This Web portal has been designed , developed and maintained by Centre For Railway Information Systems ( CRIS ) , on behalf of Ministry of Railways , Government of India .
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws .
Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India .
The information posted on this Portal could include hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by non Government/ Private organisations .
Indian Railways is providing these links and pointers solely for the information and convenience .
When a user selects a link to an outside portal , the user leaves the Indian Railway Portal ' and is subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside Portal/website .
Ministry of Railways does not guarantee that linked websites comply with Indian Government Web Guidelines .
Access any part of the Portal ;
Print off one copy of any or all of the pages for his/her own personal reference .
The user may not
Copy ( whether by printing off on to paper , storing on disk , downloading or in any other way ) , distribute ( including distributing copies ) , broadcast , alter or tamper with in any way or otherwise use any material contained in the portal except as set out under The user may .
This restrictions apply in relation to all or p [ art of the material on Portal ;
Remove any copyright , other intellectual property notices contained in the original material from any material copied or printed off from the portal ;
Link to this Portal ;
..without the written consent
If the user wishes to provide a hypertext or other link to this portal , please contact the website administrator with details of :
The URL ( s ) of the web page ( s ) from which the user is proposing to link to this portal
The URL ( s ) of the web page ( s ) on this Portal to which the user is proposing to link
..and request will be considered .
Indian Railways has the sole discretion to accept or reject such requests .
Changes In Terms & Conditions
Ministry of Railways may change the terms and conditions and disclaimer set out above from time to time .
By browsing this Portal the user accepts that he/she is bound by the current terms and conditions and disclaimer and so the user checks these each time he/she revisits the Portal .

This privacy policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by Times Internet Limited and/or its subsidiary ( ies ) and/or affiliate ( s ) ( collectively referred to as the Company ) , which operates various websites and other services including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise ( collectively the `` Services '' ) .
This privacy policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Services .
Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use .
As we update , improve and expand the Services , this policy may change , so please refer back to it periodically .
By accessing the Company website or this Application or otherwise using the Services , you consent to collection , storage , and use of the personal information you provide ( including any changes thereto as provided by you ) for any of the services that we offer .
The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects .
The information about the user as collected by the Company is : ( a ) information supplied by users and ( b ) information automatically tracked while navigation ( c ) information collected from any other source ( collectively referred to as Information ) .
INFORMATION RECEIVED , COLLECTED AND STORED BY THE COMPANY
A . INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY USERS
When you register on the website , Application and for the Service , we ask that you provide basic contact Information such as your name , sex , age , address , pin code , contact number , occupation , interests and email address etc .
When you register using your other accounts like on Facebook , Twitter , Gmail etc . we shall retrieve Information from such account to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Services .
Subscription or paid service data :
When you chose any subscription or paid service , we or our payment gateway provider may collect your purchase , address or billing information , including your credit card number and expiration date etc .
However when you order using an in-app purchase option , same are handled by such platform providers .
The subscriptions or paid Services may be on auto renewal mode unless cancelled .
If at any point you do not wish to auto-renew your subscription , you may cancel your subscription before the end of the subscription term .
We may collect additional information at other times , including but not limited to , when you provide feedback , change your content or email preferences , respond to a survey , or communicate with us .
B . INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED/ TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION
To improve the responsiveness of the Application for our users , we may use `` cookies '' , or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique , random number as a User Identification ( User ID ) to understand the user 's individual interests using the identified computer .
Unless you voluntarily identify yourself ( through registration , for example ) , we will have no way of knowing who you are , even if we assign a cookie to your computer .
The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply .
A cookie can not read data off your hard drive .
Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser ( if you click on their ads ) , a process that we do not control .
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website , Application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc .
We automatically collect limited information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , mobile number , including your IP address , when you visit our site , application or service .
Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the pages you view .
We automatically receive and log information from your browser , including your IP address , your computer 's name , your operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed .
We may also collect log information from your device , including your location , IP address , your device 's name , device 's serial number or unique identification number ( e.g..
UDiD on your iOS device ) , your device operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed etc .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( Web Beacons ) to track the online usage patterns of our users in a anonymous manner , without personally identifying the user .
We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our Site , Application or Service to the interests of our users , to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality , functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come .
Information from other Sources :
We may receive information about you from other sources , add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy .
If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner , whom we provide services , your account information and order information may be passed on to us .
We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you
Demographic and purchase information :
We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions .
We use Google Analytics , among others , to track the user behaviour on our website .
Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users ' Demographics and Interests .
The reports are anonymous and can not be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us .
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google .
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES / AD-SERVERS
The Application may include links to other websites or applications .
Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control .
Once you leave our servers ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application , you are visiting .
That policy may differ from ours .
If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application 's homepage , you should contact the application owners directly for more information .
When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) about your visits to this and other websites or application , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent .
INFORMATION USE BY THE COMPANY
The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience .
In some cases/provision of certain service ( s ) or utility ( ies ) , we may require your contact address as well .
All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to , maintain , protect , and improve the Services ( including advertising on the Application ) and for developing new services .
We may also use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent [ with an option to subscribe / unsubscribe ( where feasible ) ] .
We may , however , use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as notifying you of major changes , for customer service purposes , billing , etc . ) .
Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments , messages , blogs , scribbles available on social platforms like facebook , twitter etc .
Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the Application becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy .
In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application , we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you .
We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account .
In any case , we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information .
When you register with the Application or Services , we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you .
The Company shares your information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances :
a ) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences .
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations .
b ) The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf .
We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
c ) The Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site .
d ) The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate your social wall that is visible to other people however you will have an option to set your privacy settings , where you can decide what you would like to share or not to share with others .
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use the Services Site ( or any of its sub sites ) , we make good faith efforts to provide you , as and when requested by you , with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible , subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required .
In any case , where we provide information access and correction , we perform this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
Because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data .
All information gathered on TIL is securely stored within the Company controlled database .
The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited .
However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
And , of course , any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website , mobile application or services .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits or use to particular website , mobile application or services , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
The internet is an ever evolving medium .
We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology , applicable law or any other variant .
In any case , we reserve the right to change ( at any point of time ) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use .
Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice , which we may give by posting the new policy on the Application .
Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes .
We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail .
In any case , you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Application ) to ensure that you are aware of the latest version .
QUESTIONS / GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
Grievance Officer ( Indiatimes.com )
4th Floor , MPD Tower ,
DLF City Phase V , Opposite DLF Golf Course
Gurgaon , Haryana 122002 , India
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint : -
a ) Identification of the information provided by you ;
b ) Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information ;
c ) Your address , telephone number or e-mail address ;
d ) A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization , as the case may be ;
e ) A statement , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notice is accurate , and that the information being complained about belongs to you ;
f ) You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above .
The company shall not be responsible for any communication , if addressed , to any non-designated person in this regard .

Infowars LLC , Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Reading and accepting the following terms of use and incorporated privacy policy , as they are
periodically updated , are required before you may begin or continue to interact with this website .
Your use of this website for any purpose other than to read the terms of use and privacy policy is
considered as your full consent to all provisions of the most current versions of the terms of use
and privacy policy .
BREACH , REVOCATION AND CANCELLATION
DISPUTE FEES AND COSTS
PUBLISHING RULES ( WHEN CREATING ARTICLES )
Agreement means the most current version of this terms of use agreement , including
the incorporated privacy policy , between us and you .
Licensed Materials means our intellectual property , including but not limited to , our
logos , trade names , service marks , trademarks , and trade dress .
Membership means anyone holding an account in compliance with this Agreement .
Profile means the membership information , including but not limited to your legal
name , address , telephone , fax , email .
Product means each and every product we offer .
Profile Page means the page of the same name on the Website where your
membership information is shown .
Services means each and every service we offer .
Website means planet.infowars.com and all
other Uniform Resource Identifier we use to provide our Products and Services .
System means all of our software and hardware , whether owned or leased or
We , us , and our means Infowars , LLC , a Texas limited liability
You , your , and yourself means any person , organization or business entity
that seeks to use our Services , as well as their agents , assigns , and successors .
Active ( Group ) means users post comments , group information is updated , events and missions are created .
If a group is inactive for more than 30 days it will be deleted .
Back to Top ^
Please direct any questions not answered by reading this Agreement to us at
You may not access the Website or utilize our Services if you are under eighteen ( 18 )
years of age or otherwise not competent to enter into a binding contract .
Before you may use any of our Services , you must :
read and agree to comply with this Agreement and
understand and accept that this Agreement :
takes effect the moment you access the Website ;
may only be amended or modified by us , unless we agree otherwise in
writing with you ;
may be amended or modified by us at any time and all such changes
shall take full effect as soon as they are posted on the Website and your
continued use of our Services shall be irrefutable proof of your consent to the
terms and conditions of the most current version of this Agreement ;
2.3.2.4. is the entire and only agreement between you and us ;
contain all terms and conditions of your relationship with us and your use
of our Services ; and
shall only terminate under the conditions provided for herein .
This Agreement shall in no way create an agency , employee-employer , franchis or franchisee ,
joint enterprise , joint venture , or partnership relationship between you and
Our failure to require your performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not
affect our right to require subsequent performance at any time of the same provision .
Should we determine , in our sole discretion , that you have violated any provisions of this
Agreement or applicable laws , we may , with subsequent notice to you :
immediately lower , suspend or cancel your account and membership with us ;
use your personal information to collect all pending and applicable fees and other
charge you for all administrative costs in connection with any violation by you of any
provision of this Agreement ; and
bring legal action to enjoin violations and/or to collect all damages caused by your
violations of this Agreement .
We cooperate with law enforcement and all other appropriate authorities and
Unless otherwise provided herein , you agree that :
all notices from us to you shall be sent to the most recent email address on file with
us and will be deemed immediately delivered even if you have allowed your email
address on file to no longer be valid and
all notices from you to us shall be :
Back to Top ^
Protecting your privacy is very important to us ; so we do not sell your personal
information and will only use it for obvious , legitimate business purposes .
You agree that we may use your personal identifying information to enforce this
Agreement , and when complying with an order of a court or other government entity of
We us cookies , log files , and third parties to create a profile of our users and the
information gathered is personally identifiable as belonging to you so that we can better
determine what Services and System adjustments will optimize your experience at the
We may share this information with third parties but only in a way that does not
identify you or any particular person individually .
The System allows you to use and purchase our Products and Services online .
or another merchant account service provider processes your payments , and we do not
store your financial information .
We may offer you opportunities to communicate with third parties , whether other on our
Website or that of an affiliate .
Please remember that we do not control or guarantee in
any way the accuracy or safety of the content on websites not operated by us or even
content provided by others on our Website .
Any information you disclosed to third parties on our Website or other websites becomes
public information , and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any
We follow established security procedures to keep your personal information safe from
unauthorized third parties .
You alone are responsible for maintaining the security of your account access
informationi.e. , username , password and email address .
You alone are responsible for confirming the accuracy of your personal
information that we use to contact you .
Any email messages we receive that appear to
be from the email address we have on file for you shall be deemed to have been sent by
you or your duly authorized agent with full authority to act on your behalf .
Back to Top ^
You are responsible for making timely payment of all amounts you owe us when they
Should we charge fees , we may change our fees at any time , and the new fees shall
take immediate effect .
Your obligation to make due payments shall survive termination of this Agreement .
Back to Top ^
No payments , whether purchases or donations , shall be refunded and sales are final .
You shall not chargeback any payments to us , unless you have been the victim of
identity theft and provide us with a valid police report .
Your failure to comply with this
section may result in immediate termination of your use of our Services .
Except for confirmed manufacturer defects , you are responsible for all freight and
shipping charges as well as a restocking fee of 15 % , of the sale price , for unaccepted or
refused delivery shipments .
Back to Top ^
We may offer you the opportunity to enjoy a pay membership at various levels with each
level priced differently and granting you the opportunity to make use of a greater number
of our Services .
Members with a pay membership pay for their particular pay membership level and fees
at all levels shall be recurring with a $ 100 administrative fee applied to every chargeback
you make on charges for payment to us ; see 4.6 above for more details .
We may lower , suspend or terminate your Membership if we determine , in our sole
discretion , that you have violated the terms of this Agreement .
your cancellation shall take effect twenty-four ( 24 ) hours later .
Planetinfowars.com ( Planet.infowars.com ) does not require a membership and/or service fee .
Back to Top ^
Shipping Methods : We highly recommend that you choose UPS for the shipping method .
UPS provides tracking information for all orders and insurance for lost or damaged
If you choose another method of shipping , you hereby accept all liability for
lost or damaged orders .
We will not and can not do anything for lost or damaged orders
that were not sent via UPS .
Shipping : Shipping charges are nonrefundable .
You are responsible for all freight
charges for refused shipments and they will be added to the invoice total .
Freight/insurance costs are prepaid .
All items are shipped via USPS or UPS .
be shipped within one week of receipt of order , though generally much sooner .
stock items will be shipped according to availability of product .
weights are applied to freight charges when applicable .
Backorders : If your order contains a pre-ordered item , or a back-ordered item , the entire
order will ship once all items are in stock .
If you would like to have a partial order
shipped immediately and are willing to pay an additional shipping charge , please contact
our offices at ( 512 ) 291-5750 Ext . 56 or 96 .
Damage/Loss : All claims for damage/pilferage must be filed by you with the delivering
We can not file these for you .
All claims for incorrect shipments/billing must be
made within 10 days of receipt .
In the event of a faulty product , meaning the
manufacturer has confirmed the defect , we will request that you return the product , after
which we will ship out a replacement product .
For Products shipped within the State of Texas , applicable sales taxes are automatically
applied to the purchase total and must be paid as part of the total purchase amount .
alone are responsible for sales taxes due outside the State of Texas .
Back to Top ^
We may review and delete any content you post on the Website or elsewhere utilizing
our Services or System if we determine , in our sole discretion , that the content violates
the rights of others , is not appropriate for the Website , or otherwise violates this
We may allow you to upload content , such as photographs , but only to your account with
You must hold all intellectual rights to content , such as text or photographs , you upload
to the Website .
Back to Top ^
You may not copy or otherwise attempt to benefit or assist others to benefit , directly or
indirectly , from use of our Licensed Materials or intellectual property of third parties other
than through normal use of the Website .
You retain all of your rights , titles , and interests in and to the content provided by you .
You hereby grant us a perpetual , worldwide license to use , host , store , reproduce ,
modify , create derivative works , communicate , publish , publicly perform , publicly display ,
distribute and otherwise use all content that you post on the Website or otherwise
through the use of our Services or System .
If you did not create or obtain a license to use content on the Website , you may not use
content on the Website other than through normal use of the Website , as intended by
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated , please contact us
property at issue .
Back to Top ^
There shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this
All assignments are void unless consented to by us in writing .
Back to Top ^
You agree that we will not be liable for any harm or loss that may occur in
any act or omission by you or your agent , whether authorized or unauthorized ;
your use or inability to use our Services ;
11.1.3. public or private information , whether accurate or inaccurate or fraudulent ,
provided by you or a third party ;
access delays or access interruptions to our Services ;
the failure to deliver or erroneous delivery of information ;
any breach of contract you have with a third party , such as an employer ;
any breach of a 3rd party 's intellectual property as a result of information posted
your failure to pay us any applicable due payment ;
the actions , orders and judgments of administrative , judicial and other
We shall not be liable to you or anyone else for delays in or failures to perform
our obligations under this Agreement that directly or indirectly result from events or
causes beyond our reasonable control including , but not limited to : hardware or software
failures , other equipment failures , electrical power failures , labor disputers , strikes , riots ,
hurricanes , fires , floods , storms , explosions , acts of God , war , governmental actions ,
orders of domestic or foreign courts or administrative bodies , or the non-performance of
We shall not be liable for any direct , indirect , consequential , incidental , special or
exemplary damages of any kind , including but not limited to lost : profits , goodwill , use ,
data or other intangibles whether in contract , tort or negligence even if you we are aware
of the possibility or probability of such damages .
If a competent court deems us liable to you , our maximum possible liability to you
for any reason shall not exceed $ 100 .
Back to Top ^
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND , INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US AND OUR MEMBERS ,
OFFICERS , EMPLOYEES , AFFILIATES AND AGENTS HARMLESS FROM AND
AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES , LOSSES , DAMAGES OR COSTS , INCLUDING
ALL ATTORNEY FEES , COLLECTION FEES AND COURT COSTS , RELATED TO
ANY DEMAND OR LITIGATION IN ANY WAY RELATED TO :
YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES ;
YOUR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT ;
INACCURATE OR FRAUDULENT INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU OR A
THE CANCELLATION OR LIMITATION OF YOUR ABILITY TO USE OUR
SYSTEM AND SERVICES , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO OUR WEBSITE ;
INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS ARISING FROM YOU 'RE
YOUR USE OF OUR SYSTEM OR SERVICES .
Back to Top ^
You represent and warrant that :
all Profile information you provide to us is accurate and none of the Profile
information or documents your provide to us contain fraudulent or otherwise
you will immediately update your Profile information after it becomes inaccurate ;
you will not directly or indirectly infringe the legal rights of third parties or our
you have not entered into this Agreement and will not enter into any additional
agreements with us in bad faith ; and
you are at least legally competent to enter into a binding contract with us .
We make no representations or warranties of any kind in connection with this
With regard to the Website and our Services :
We expressly disclaim all warranties , express or implied , including , but not
limited to , the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
We do not warrant that our Services will meet your requirements , be
uninterrupted or error free .
We do not make any warranties or representations regarding use , correctness ,
accuracy , or reliability .
You agree that :
you use the Website and our Products and Services at your own risk ;
you use the Website and our Products and Services on an as-is and asavailable
basis and at your own risk and discretion ;
you alone are responsible for any damage to your hardware and software or loss
of data in any way related to your use of the Website or our Services ;
neither we nor our members , officers , employees or agents shall have any
liability to you ; and
no advice or information , whether oral or written , obtained by you from us shall
create any warranty not expressly stated in this Agreement .
Back to Top ^
BREACH , REVOCATION AND CANCELLATION
In the event that you breach any provision of this Agreement , you agree that we
may immediately terminate your use of our Services and System .
In the event such a breach occurs by you , we may post on the Website that you
have violated our terms and conditions of service .
In the event we determine that you have or continue to violate this Agreement :
We reserve the right to prosecute civil and/or criminal actions against you for any
abusive behavior you engage in regarding your use of our Services and System ;
You will also be subject to legal ( $ 200 per hour ) , administrative ( $ 75 per hour ) ,
and technical ( $ 150 per hour ) fees in a reasonable amount for damages incurred by
us for any violations of this Agreement .
Back to Top ^
In the event that one or more provisions of this Agreement is deemed
unenforceable or invalid , the unaffected provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
effect , and the unenforceable or invalid provisions shall be amended or replaced by us
with a provision that is valid and enforceable and which achieves , to the greatest extent
possible , the objectives and intent of the original provisions .
Back to Top ^
This Agreement shall be governed by the federal laws of the United States and
the laws of the State of Texas , without regard to any conflict of laws provisions .
Back to Top ^
Any actions relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any use of our Website
or Services that include us as a party shall be brought exclusively in the federal and
state courts for Travis County , Austin , Texas , and you consent to the exercise of
personal jurisdiction over you by these courts in all such actions .
You agree that you shall submit , without prejudice to other potentially applicable
jurisdictions , to the jurisdiction of the courts of your domicile and Travis County , Austin ,
Back to Top ^
DISPUTE RELATED FEES AND COSTS
If we reasonably decide to retain an attorney or a collection agency to enforce this
Agreement , the prevailing party will be entitled to an award of all reasonable fees and costs ,
regardless of whether a judgment is rendered or suit is ever filed .
Back to Top ^
PUBLISHING RULES ( WHEN CREATING ARTICLES )
You will stay on topic .
( Post under the proper category )
You will post articles to the ONE category that best applies .
You will not spam .
( Spam is flooding the Internet with many copies of the same message , in an attempt to force the message on people who would not otherwise choose to receive it . )
You will not include links to websites and videos not associated with the topic .
You will not post the same comment or article multiple times or multiple categories .
You will not solicit anyone to buy or sell products or services , or to make donations of any kind .
You will not include links to products in your status updates , comments , articles or groups .
You will not post anything libelous , defamatory , harmful , threatening , harassing , abusive , invasive of another 's privacy , hateful , racially or ethnically objectionable , or otherwise illegal .
You will not make threats to other users or people not associated with the site .
If you violate these rules , your posts and/or user name will be deleted .
Remember : you are a guest here .
It is not censorship if you violate the rules and your post is deleted .
All civilizations have rules and if you violate them you can expect to be ostracized from the tribe .
Back to Top ^
By using Infowars.com , you agree to the following when making a comment :
You will stay on topic .
You will not spam .
( Spam is flooding the Internet with unnecessary or out of topic comments )
You will not include links to websites and videos not associated with the topic .
You will not post the same comment multiple times on the same of different articles
You will not solicit anyone to buy or sell products or services , or to make donations of any kind .
You will not include links to products in your status updates , comments , articles or groups .
You will not post anything libelous , defamatory , harmful , threatening , harassing , abusive , invasive of another 's privacy , hateful , racially or ethnically objectionable , or otherwise illegal .
You will not make threats to other users or people not associated with the site .
If you violate these rules , your comment ( s ) and/or user name will be deleted .
Back to Top ^
Your group must remain active , otherwise , after 30 days it will be deleted .
( See active ' definition above in section 1.12 )
Your group will not be based on anything libelous , defamatory , harmful , threatening , harassing , abusive , invasive of another 's privacy , hateful , racially or ethnically objectionable , or otherwise illegal .
Your group will not solicit anyone to buy or sell products or services , or to make donations of any kind .

Integrative Nutrition Inc .
( `` IIN '' ) Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and Intellectual Property
Acceptance of Terms .
Except as specifically stated otherwise , these Terms of Use set forth the entire understanding relating to this subject matter .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use the Site .
If any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any law , rule , order , or regulation of any government or by the final determination of any state or federal court , all remaining provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect .
Choice of Law .
By accessing the Site you agree that the statutes , laws , and regulations of the United States and the State of New York , USA , without regard to conflicts of law principles , will apply to all matters relating to use of the Site , and you agree that any litigation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State or Federal Courts in New York County , New York .
The Site is controlled and operated in whole or in part by IIN in the United States .
IIN makes no representation that the content in the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations , and access to it from territories where the content may be illegal is prohibited .
Termination of Access .
IIN reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse or terminate access to the Site by you at any time .
Anonymous Data Collection and Use .
To maintain the Site 's high quality , IIN may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Site by identifying which areas of the Site are most heavily used and to display content according to your preferences .
Your IP address is the number assigned to computers connected to the Internet .
This is essentially `` traffic data '' which can not personally identify you , but is helpful to IIN for marketing purposes and for improving our services .
Traffic data collection does not follow a user 's activities on any other websites in any way .
Anonymous traffic data may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis .
Voluntary Personal Data Submission .
IIN may ask for personal data , namely when you : request a catalog or magazine , order books , take our quiz , subscribe to our newsletters , or request customer service .
Prospective students wishing for detailed information about our programs are required to provide their contact information ( such as name , address and email address ) .
This information is used to contact the user about the program for which they have expressed interest .
We may ask for demographic information such as gender and age , to personalize our correspondence , or to distinguish adults from minors .
If you choose not to provide personally identifiable data and information , you may still use the Site , but will not be able to use the services that require such information .
Use of `` Cookies . ''
IIN may use the standard `` cookies '' feature of major web browsers .
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer that contains information about the user .
IIN does not set any personally identifiable information in cookies , nor does IIN employ any data capture mechanisms on our website other than cookies .
Cookies help us learn which areas of our Site are useful and which areas need improvement .
You may choose to disable cookies through your web browser 's settings .
However , disabling this function may diminish your experience on the Site and some features may not work as intended .
Cookie information is only used when communicating with users as per their indicated preferences and as needed for service-related communications .
Third party content , such as advertisements , displayed on our site may also contain their own cookies ; IIN has no access to or control over any information collected by third parties through the Site .
Sharing Personal Data .
IIN may share personal data and information about our visitors with reliable select business partners , such as advertisers and other third parties.IIN will not otherwise share your personal data and information without your consent , except as necessary when the law requires it or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary , particularly when disclosure is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to others or interfering with IIN 's rights or property .
IIN may use your contact information to inform you of changes to the Site , or , if requested , to send you additional information about IIN .
IIN has a no spam policy and provides you with the ability to opt-out of our communications by selecting the unsubscribe link at the footer of all e-mails .
IIN will not sell , rent or share your email address , and you may unsubscribe at any time through the unsubscribe link at the footer of all e-mail communication .
Assignment of Rights .
In the event of an assignment , sale , joint venture , or other transfer of some or all of IIN 's assets , you agree IIN can assign , sell , license or transfer any information that you have provided to us .
Please note , however , that the purchasing party can not use the personal data and information submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy without your prior consent .
Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws , trademark laws , the laws of privacy and publicity , and communications regulations and statutes .
IIN monitors use of its copyrighted material on the Internet and will seek legal action against any infringing parties .
All content found on IIN 's site , except as noted otherwise , is exclusively and solely owned and copyrighted by IIN .
No such content may be copied , reproduced , distributed , republished , downloaded , displayed , posted or transmitted in any form or by any means including , but not limited to , electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording or otherwise , without IIN 's prior written consent .
You may not `` mirror '' any content contained on this Site without express written consent from IIN .
The following trademarks and logos are the property of IIN ( collectively , `` IIN 's Marks '' ) :
Name Trademarks : Integrative Nutrition , Institute for Integrative Nutrition , and IIN
Logo Trademarks : the IIN Spiral : iin swirl and the IIN Logo : iin logo
Slogan Trademarks : `` Are you IIN ? `` , `` Could One Conversation Change Your Life ? `` , and `` Future of Nutrition ''
This list of IIN 's Marks is current as of February 2012 and may be expanded in the future .
The absence of a trademark or logo from this list does not constitute a waiver of IIN 's trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that mark or logo .
When permitted to use IIN 's Marks in print or online , you must either include the appropriate or symbol with each use , or use the appropriate trademark attribution notice .
An appropriate example of notice would be : `` Integrative Nutrition and Institute for Integrative Nutrition are registered trademarks of Integrative Nutrition Inc . ''
IIN 's Site may also display trademarks , logos , and/or service marks of other third parties .
Users are not permitted to use any of these third party trademarks , logos and/or service marks without prior written consent from the respective rights holder .
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) Notice
IIN respects the rights of other copyright holders .
If you believe your copyright is being infringed , IIN will respond to notices of alleged infringement submitted in accordance with 17 USC 512 ( c ) ( 3 ) .
Attn : Legal Dept . - DMCA Takedown
3 E 28th Street
New York , NY 10016
( 877 ) 730-5444
IIN takes every precaution to protect our users ' information .
When users submit sensitive information via the website , all information is protected both online and off-line .
But , due to the nature of the Internet , IIN can not completely ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or through our Services .
Submitting information is done at your own risk .
IIN 's Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information that IIN obtains from you , but IIN makes no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss , misuse , to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss , misuse , or alteration .
The Site may contain links to other websites , not controlled by IIN .
If you choose to visit other websites , IIN is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites , and it is your responsibility to review the terms and privacy policies of those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies .
Information on the Site is provided `` as is '' without warranty of any kind , either express or implied , including , but not limited to , the implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , and non-infringement .
In no event will IIN be liable for damages of any kind , including without limitation any special , indirect , incidental , or consequential damages , even if IIN has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
Although every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of published information on IIN 's web pages , the Site may inadvertently contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors .
This information may be changed or updated without notice .
IIN assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions on the Site or in documents referenced by or linked to the Site .
IIN reserves the right to change the Site , these Terms of Use , or the policies and conditions that govern the use of the Site at any time .
Please review this page periodically for any updates or changes .
These Terms apply to all visits to the Site , both now and in the future .
Your continued access of the Site shall be deemed your notification and acceptance of these changes .
Be assured that even if the Terms change in the future , IIN will not use any personal information you have submitted to us under these Terms in a manner that is materially inconsistent with these Terms without your prior consent .

Intel Online Privacy Notice
Intel is committed to respecting your privacy .
Our personal information handling practices are outlined below and in supplemental notices at the point of collection .
Our website uses cookies .
For more information about how we use cookies , please see our Cookie Notice .
Collection of Your Personal Information
Intel collects personal information such as your name , address , email address , and payment card information for a variety of reasons .
We will explain why we need to collect this information when we ask you for it .
Use of Your Personal Information
Intel will only use your personal information for the purpose it was collected .
For example , to deliver a product or service that you have requested , enable your participation in online activities , or personalize your experience .
We will not use your personal information for a different purpose without first asking your permission .
Collection of Your Personal Information
Intel collects personal information such as your name , address , email address , and payment card information for a variety of reasons .
We will explain why we need to collect this information when we ask you for it .
Use of Your Personal Information
Intel will only use your personal information for the purpose it was collected .
For example , to deliver a product or service that you have requested , enable your participation in online activities , or personalize your experience .
We will not use your personal information for a different purpose without first asking your permission .
Sharing Your Personal Information
Intel may share your personal information with Intel Corporation in the US , with any Intel subsidiary worldwide , or with authorized third parties .
We only provide third parties with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested service .
We do not allow third parties to use your personal information for a different purpose .
We may need to access or disclose your personal information to comply with the law or legal process and to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We may share personal information and any additional information available to us in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Intel 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
Intel Online Privacy Notice Summary
Cookies [ Updated ]
Intel Corporate Privacy Rules ( Deed Poll )
Intel Technology Provider Program Notice
Intel Active Management Technology Notice
Intel Viiv Technology Notice
You can manage your communication preferences using one of the following methods : visit the specific product or service web site ; visit the Intel Subscription Center ; contact us using the online form ; or send a letter to the mailing address below including your name , e-mail address , and the details of your request .
For example , if you wish to unsubscribe from a newsletter , include the name of the newsletter .
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may access and update your personal information using one of the following methods : visit the specific product or service web site ; visit the Intel Profile Center ; contact us using the online form ; or send a letter to the mailing address below including your name , e-mail address , account id , and purpose of request .
Security of Your Personal Information
Intel uses a combination of industry standard security measures to protect your personal information from loss and misuse .
For example , we use encryption when transmitting payment card information over the Internet .
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may access and update your personal information using one of the following methods : visit the specific product or service web site ; visit the Intel Profile Center ; contact us using the online form ; or send a letter to the mailing address below including your name , e-mail address , account id , and purpose of request .
Security of Your Personal Information
Intel uses a combination of industry standard security measures to protect your personal information from loss and misuse .
For example , we use encryption when transmitting payment card information over the Internet .
Intel uses cookies , web beacons , and the personal information you provide us to personalize your online experience and improve our services .
For example , we use a cookie to remember the country and language preferences you selected on our web site .
For more information about how we use cookies , please see our Cookie Notice .
Intel will only retain your personal information to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations .
Intel may provide links to web sites operated by third parties that are not covered by this policy .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those web sites .
Intel does not normally collect the personal information of children under the age of 13 .
If we do , we require verifiable parental consent , prior to collection .
If we learn that we have collected children 's personal information without parental consent , we will delete it from our systems .
Transfer of Personal Information
Intel may transfer your personal information to Intel Corporation in the U.S. or to any Intel subsidiary worldwide .
We may transfer your personal information to third parties located in another country for purposes of processing , storage , or fulfillment .
Intel complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
Intel has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Intel may provide links to web sites operated by third parties that are not covered by this policy .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those web sites .
Intel does not normally collect the personal information of children under the age of 13 .
If we do , we require verifiable parental consent , prior to collection .
If we learn that we have collected children 's personal information without parental consent , we will delete it from our systems .
Transfer of Personal Information
Intel may transfer your personal information to Intel Corporation in the US or to any Intel subsidiary worldwide .
We may transfer your personal information to third parties located in another country for purposes of processing , storage , or fulfillment .
We participate in the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor principles for off-line , online , and manually processed personal data .
How to Contact Us
You can contact Intel by using the Contact Us form or send a letter to the mailing address listed below .
Please include your contact information , name of the Intel web site or service , and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern .
2200 Mission College Blvd .
Santa Clara , CA 95054 USA

EFFECTIVE AS OF December 19 , 2013
We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information .
`` Services '' include the intellicast.com website ( the `` Site '' ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which we provide content to you or receive content from you , including , without limitation , software applications such as Intellicast , mobile web sites , mobile applications , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , message boards , push notifications , SMS messaging , and delivery of content to you at your request .
`` Services '' also includes alert products .
`` Services '' do not include , however , websites of affiliates that primarily serve international markets or any other products or services .
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in our products and services .
Information Collected by us within the Service
Most of the information provided by WSI is offered without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you .
For instance , you can view weather conditions in your hometown or anywhere in the world without giving out any personally identifiable information .
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , however , WSI collects personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , etc . ) and demographic data ( e.g. , zip code , gender , birth date , interests , etc . ) that you voluntarily supply to us .
When you make a purchase or sign up for one of our premium services , we will also collect your billing address , phone number , and credit card information .
Some examples of instances when we collect personally identifiable information include when you :
Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes
Make a purchase from our online store
Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form
Submit a photo or video
Report your weather conditions
Participate in an online forum or community , or
Customize or sign up for Services or products .
We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :
Specific geographic location where you are currently located
Information about your device and device capabilities
Information about your device operating system
Information about the applications on your device
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions
In the case of participation in a chat session , we require you to select a user name .
Please be aware that chat sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Site for access by other users .
Any information , including PII , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo and video submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the information , including PII , you choose to submit in these forums .
If you upload , rate or share videos or photos , you may have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you may be required to provide us information such as a user name , date of birth , age range , gender and/or email address or you can log in through your social media or other provider .
If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content may become publicly available .
In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location .
For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state or zip code .
To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services .
You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your device .
If you have our mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the `` Settings '' menu in the application and toggling location services off .
Toggling location services off will also disable certain services in the application , including severe alerts .
Alerts and notifications .
In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates .
To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications , you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered .
When you log in to Session M 's mPOINTS in our mobile applications that contain mPOINTS , Session M will provide us with your email address .
How We Use and Share Your Information
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you .
Except as described below , we do not rent , sell or share PII about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies .
How We and Our Affiliates Use Your Information
We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services .
We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive special offers from us and our affiliates .
If you choose to opt in , we and our affiliates will use your PII to inform you of other products or services available from us and our affiliates .
Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors .
With your permission , we will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile .
In this case , we do not share your information with the third party sponsors -- we do the mailing for them .
You will always have the opportunity , to opt-out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email .
In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services .
In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer .
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested .
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties .
You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying PII to them .
When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( `` Third Party Processors '' ) .
These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online store , that process credit card information or handle shipping for us , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them .
We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services .
Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for us .
We require that the third party processors securely store the PII we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential .
Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links
Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities .
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer .
In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting .
In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities .
These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices .
The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of PII .
Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook , Twitter , and SessionM 's mPOINTS .
You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services .
By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use .
Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services .
Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services .
We do not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information .
For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services .
As we do not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements .
Use by Us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies
We and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful .
These Internet technologies include :
IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet .
Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device .
Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags .
HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device .
Information that we collect via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you .
We use the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services .
In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties .
For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location as described below .
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage .
If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly .
We contract with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies .
These Third Party Processors include Adobe and its Omniture product .
Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers , and Analytics Companies
We work with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users .
These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile websites , mobile applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services .
You should be aware that we do not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them .
For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites :
These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices .
You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out .
You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application .
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
We continually look for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company .
If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale .
If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information .
If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Other Limitations on Privacy
We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where we believe the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; ( iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Terms of Use ; or ( iv ) where otherwise required by law .
If you choose to use a feature that allows you to e-mail parts of the Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e-mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements .
This information is not used for any other purpose .
Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list .
If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available .
We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose .
Opting-Out , Corrections and Cancellations
If you receive an offer or promotion from us or a third party related to us , you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each marketing e-mail sent to you by us presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your profile online or you may contact us directly at the link at the bottom of the page .
Data Retention of Account Information
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at the link at the bottom of the page .
Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you receive an offer or promotion from us or a third party related to us , you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each marketing e-mail sent to you by us presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your profile online , the feedback section or you may contact us directly through the link at the bottom of the page .
We are committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet .
We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any PII .
The Services may contain links to third party web sites and other services geared to children .
The linked sites and services are not under our control .
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children .
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services .
Our company and websites , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated inside and outside the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen .
By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States .
Our Commitment to Security
Keeping the information you provide to us secure is important to us .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data .
Of course , although we use standard industry practices to protect your PII , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your PII will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
All changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this site prior to the time they take effect .
If we make material changes to the way we use PII , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Andover , MA 01810
At Last ! Intellicast now available for iPhone and Android

Revised : July 17 , 2013
Intermarkets , Inc. is an online advertising management services firm that offers advertisers opportunities to display their interactive ads on websites that are included within the Intermarkets Portfolio .
Our services streamline the selection and delivery of interactive ads for advertisers and website publishers .
We also provide targeted advertising services using non-personal information that is gathered across multiple , unaffiliated websites .
Your privacy is important to us , and we are committed to protecting the personal information you choose to share with us .
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products , services , and websites offered by Intermarkets or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies .
For a current list of the websites within our Portfolio , please click here .
This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences .
By using the Site , you consent to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Intermarkets does not own , control , manage , or employ .
Intermarkets uses ADTECH as its ad server .
ADTECH 's privacy policy can be found here .
We are committed to following the National Advertising Initiative 's ( NAI ) privacy principles .
Information We Collect through the Site
Personally Identifiable Information :
We collect information that personally identifies you , such as your name , username , email address , credit card details , and other information as we may from time to time request at our discretion ( Personally Identifiable Information ) only if you choose to share such information with us .
For example , you may be asked to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information when you register with or use our services , when you register with or use the Site , and at other times .
The decision to provide this information is optional ; however , if you elect not to register with or provide such information , you may not be able to access certain content , features , or services available on or through the Site .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Intermarkets service , such as service announcements , administrative messages , special promotions , and Intermarkets newsletters , which are considered part of your account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information :
We automatically collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you use the Site .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information includes demographic information ( such as age , gender , city or state ) and a user 's click stream information .
Click stream data is anonymous and can include information such as your IP address , Web pages viewed , the date and time at which those pages were viewed and interaction with content and advertisements on those Web pages .
Technologies used to collect this click stream data include cookies and Web beacons .
Intermarkets collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information and stores it in log files .
We use this information to help us understand how people use our Site .
For example , each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use , your operating system , your ISP , which pages you view , and the time and duration of your visits to the Site .
We may augment our click stream data with non-personally-identifiable behavioral and demographic data from third party Services Providers ( defined below ) to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site and those of our Portfolio publishers .
This anonymous data may include such things as zip code , age , gender , and income range .
We utilize the non-personal information described above to better customize the sort of advertisements you see .
This information also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
We also aggregate anonymous cookie data in order to identify large audience segments that assist advertisers in targeting their campaigns to the most relevant Internet audience .
The use and collection of information by our third-party advertising Service Providers is governed by the individual privacy policies of those providers .
The majority of our advertising Service Providers are members of the NAI .
Cookies and Web Beacons :
We may use cookies ( a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser ) , Web beacons ( an electronic file placed on a website that monitors usage ) , and other similar technologies to improve the quality of the Site and to better target and analyze consumer behavior with the goal of providing better and more relevant advertising .
Our cookie does not include your name or anything personal to you .
It simply tells us that we have encountered your computer at some prior point .
Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies .
Alternatively , you are always free to opt out of the cookies .
Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf .
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
How We Use and Share Information Collected through the Site
We use Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only , such as to notify you of new products or services , to send service notifications , to customize the advertising and content you see , to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve the Site , to conduct research , to solicit your feedback and input about the Site , and to provide more relevant and effective products , services , and advertisements on or through the Site .
Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with data collected from other sources so that we may further improve the relevance and effectiveness of products , services , and advertisements offered on or through the Site .
We will not sell , share , or rent Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , and we will not otherwise disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , without your permission , except as expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
Intermarkets may share Personally Identifiable Information with its service providers that help Intermarkets provide the services that you request ( Service Providers ) .
For example , we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services , such as credit card processing , advertising , analytics tools , data management services , Web hosting , and Web development .
We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services , however , each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only :
We may use , and disclose to third parties , certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information regarding the Site ( e.g. , number of visits , page views , and the like ) without your permission .
However , such information does not identify you individually .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with Intermarkets .
If Intermarkets is merged , acquired , or sold , or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets , we may disclose or transfer Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information in connection with such transaction .
You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if , in our discretion , the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement :
Intermarkets cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
Intermarkets reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if , in our discretion , we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests ( including court orders and subpoenas ) , to protect the safety , property or rights of Intermarkets or of any third party , to prevent or stop any illegal , unethical , or legally actionable activity , or to comply with the law .
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INTERMARKETS TO SERVE ADVERTISING TO YOU USING OUR COOKIE , CLICK HERE TO REPLACE YOUR UNIQUE INTERMARKETS COOKIE WITH OPT-OUT COOKIES FROM AOL ADVERTISING AND LOTAME SOLUTIONS .
YOU CAN ALSO OPT OUT OF RECEIVING COOKIES FROM OTHER MEMBERS OF THE NETWORK ADVERTISING INITIATIVE BY CLICKING HERE .
This opt-out functionality is cookie-based .
When you receive this cookie , Intermarkets ' systems will know that you have opted out and will not attempt to assign other Intermarkets cookies in the future .
In order for the opt-out to work on your computer , your Web browser must be set to accept third-party cookies and the Intermarkets opt-out cookie must remain on your computer for us to recognize you as an opt-out user .
If you buy a new computer , change Web browsers , or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
In some cases , Intermarkets works with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests .
These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant .
PLEASE NOTE that if you erase or otherwise alter your browser 's cookie file ( including upgrading certain browsers ) you may need to opt out again .
PLEASE NOTE that opting out of the ad-serving cookie does not mean that you will stop seeing either pop up advertising or banner ads embedded in websites .
You can control many pop ups by using free software available on the Internet or by disabling JavaScript on your browser .
Intermarkets has no control over the use or frequency of pop-up ads employed by website publishers or software manufacturers .
Intermarkets does not keep data on its own servers ; instead the data is kept on the End User 's computer in the Intermarkets cookie .
The data is stored in the cookie until the cookie is deleted by the End User .
End Users can delete the cookie at any time , as explained in this Privacy Policy .
The Site may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties .
Intermarkets does not control those sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from our practices .
If you click on a link or an advertisement , the privacy policy of the website to which you link will govern the collection and use of your information by that website 's operator ( s ) .
You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk .
You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing any information to the website .
For more information , please click here .
These terms refer to applications that are downloaded to your computer .
These types of applications deliver ads ( usually in the form of pop-up type ads ) based on your web usage .
We do not participate in any way with spyware or adware applications , and we do not download these types ( or any types ) of applications without your expressed acceptance .
Cookies and .swf files are not spyware or adware , and they are not harmful to your computer .
Please be advised that , whenever you voluntarily post information to any Intermarkets community page or any other public forums , such information can and may be accessed by the public .
This means that any person or entity with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose , including sending unsolicited communications .
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your information .
Accordingly , we employ standard security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access .
However , no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to protect any information you transmit on or through the Site , please be advised that Intermarkets assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third-party access , or other causes beyond Intermarkets ' reasonable control .
Processing in the United States
We process and store all information in the United States .
By using our Site , you agree that the collection , use , transfer , and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States .
Children 's Privacy Statement
The Intermarkets Site is directed to , and intended for use by , adults only .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received information from a child under the age of 13 , we will delete such information from our records .
Because we do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 , we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties .
Intermarkets may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically .
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site .
Those changes will go into effect on the Revision Date shown at the top of the revised Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
When you use the Intermarkets website , you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy , and Intermarkets will have the right to use your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue use of the Intermarkets website .
Once a request to opt out has been received , Intermarkets will send a confirming email message to the user that the user 's Personally Identifiable Information has been successfully opted out of Intermarkets ' database .
If you do not receive this confirmatory email , then please contact us to ensure that your request was received and processed .
For the privacy policies for each of our Portfolio publishers , please visit their sites .
Links to our Portfolio publishers ' websites are located in our Media Kit .

Privacy PolicyPrint this page
Internet Brands , Inc. and its subsidiaries operate websites , provide services through mobile and other applications , and develop software .
We refer to these as `` our sites and services . ''
In this privacy policy , we refer to Internet Brands , Inc. as `` Internet Brands , '' `` our , '' `` us , '' or `` we . ''
This privacy policy applies to our websites and mobile and interactive applications on which we display or post a direct link to this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to those sites and services that do not display or link to this privacy policy , or that have their own privacy policies .
However , we often acquire new companies to expand our business .
Some acquired companies may operate under their own privacy policies until we integrate their privacy practices with ours .
This privacy policy covers what information we collect and why we collect it , how we use the information we collect , and the choices you have to access and update that information .
Please familiarize yourself with our practices and let us know if you have any questions .
If you do not agree to this privacy policy , please do not use our sites or services .
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information is information that can be used to identify , locate , or contact an individual , and includes other information that may be associated with personal information .
When you interact with our sites and services , depending on the site or service , we may ask for the following personal information directly from you :
Contact Information allows us to communicate with you and generally includes your name , addresses , email addresses , social media website user account names , and/or telephone numbers
Payment Information needed to process payments such as your credit or debit card number , expiration date , and card verification number
Personal Profile Information helps us with the administration and personalization of your personal profiles , such as areas of interest , information from social media interactions ( such as Facebook Connect or Google+ ) , preferences , physical characteristics ( such as height , weight ) , photographs , biographical , health information and/or demographic information ( such as gender , age , birthday )
Transaction Information about how you interact with and use our sites and services , email , other communications , and applications ; and how you interact with merchants , business partners , and service providers
Geographic Location Information but only if your mobile or other device transmits location data and/or your IP address , and you have activated one of our mobile applications or visited one of our sites
Job-Search-Related Information for recruitment purposes and may include educational and employment background , driver 's license number and social security number
In each of the above instances , you will know what personal information we collect through our sites and services because you voluntarily and directly provide it .
How We Use Personal Information
We may use information collected from you in one or more of the following ways :
to enable site features such as geographically specific pricing or logging , and retrieving and providing analysis of data you choose to enter into the site
to send you important notices , such as communications about changes to your account , and our sites and services ' terms , conditions , or policies
to solicit input and feedback to improve our sites and services and customize your user experience
to enable you to communicate with other website subscribers via private messaging or other site-specific communications channels
to meet contractual obligations
to send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages service bulletins
to inform you about new products or promotional offers , and to provide advertisements to you through our sites , email messages , text messages , applications , or other methods of communication
to manage our sites ' administration , forum management , or fulfillment
to provide customer service and technical support
to administer surveys , sweepstakes , giveaways , contests , or similar promotions or events sponsored by us or our partners
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities , enforce our sites ' terms of use or to comply with the law
for internal purposes such as auditing , data analysis , and research to improve our products , services , and communications , and
to allow you to apply for a job or sign up for special offers from third parties through our sites .
In addition to the uses described above , we may use personal information that we collect for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information , or with your consent .
We may share personal information about you with third parties in the following circumstances :
We may engage third parties to perform services on our behalf , including maintenance services , analytics and data analysis , payment processing , assisting in marketing efforts , email and text message distribution , customer service and conducting surveys .
Your personal information , and the contents of all of your online communications on or through our sites and services may be accessed and monitored as necessary to operate our sites and perform our services , and may be disclosed :
to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations ,
to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action ,
in order to protect the rights or property of Internet Brands and our subsidiaries , including to enforce our sites ' terms of use ,
when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process ( for example , a subpoena , court order , or search warrant ) ,
where we believe our sites and services are being used in the commission of a crime , including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and risk management , and
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you , another person or the public generally .
In the event of a merger , acquisition , debt financing , sale of Internet Brands ' assets by or with another company , or a similar corporate transaction takes place , we may need to disclose and transfer all information about you , including personal information , to the successor company .
We may share information about you with Internet Brands ' subsidiaries and affiliates .
Some of our services are co-branded by Internet Brands and other companies with which we partner .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy policy and the partner 's privacy policy may be displayed and apply .
If that is the case , both Internet Brands and the partner will receive personal information you provide .
We may share personal information about you for any other purpose ( s ) disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent .
Other Information We Automatically Collect
We may also collect certain technical information when you use our sites and services .
For example , our servers receive and automatically collect information about your computer and browser , including for instance your IP address , browser type , domain name from which you accessed the site or service , and other software or hardware information .
If you access our sites and services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( UDID ) , type of device , general GPS location , or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it .
In addition , we may collect information about how you use our sites such as the date and time you visit the sites , the areas or pages of the sites that you visit , the amount of time you spend viewing the sites , the number of times you return to the sites , and other click-stream data .
Some of this data may be shared with partners who referred you to our site ( s ) and who will use the data to optimize who else they refer to our site ( s ) .
Also , sometimes this data can be shared with partners who help us deliver ads to you on websites not controlled by us , for instance , when we put a pixel on a conversion page on our site and a marketing partner uses that to optimize what traffic they send to us , or using another example , when we create a re-targeting list through DFP Small Business by Google or placing a partners ' pixel on our sites , and then delivering targeted ads across the Internet .
We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology ) .
You can set your browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow .
Adobe Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies .
If you disable cookies , you may lose some of the features and functionality of our sites and services .
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our sites may also use cookies or other technologies , and those practices are subject to their own policies .
You can opt out of being targeted by certain third party advertising companies online by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative , Omniture , Aperture , PrivacyChoice and/or Digital Advertising Alliance .
In general , we use these technologies to remember you when you return to our sites , to understand and analyze trends , to monitor usage and administer the sites , to learn about user behavior on the sites and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole , to customize content or offers on our sites and through our services , and to conduct research to improve our sites , content and services .
User Generated Content , Online Communities and Forums , Profiles and Reviews
You may choose to publicly disclose personal information about yourself and others in the course of ( i ) contributing user generated content ( for instance articles , blogs , reviews or podcasts ) , ( ii ) communicating with others in our online forums , communities or chat rooms , ( iii ) creating user profiles for public view , or ( iv ) posting images , photos or videos .
Be aware , information that you voluntarily disclose in any of these areas of our sites is unencrypted , public information and therefore , there can be no expectation of privacy or confidentiality .
Any personal information you submit in the course of interacting in these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users .
Prior to posting in these areas , we encourage you to read the specific site 's terms of use , as we are not responsible for the personal information you choose to make public in any of these areas .
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
We encourage you to keep your personal information updated and accurate .
We provide you reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review , correct or delete it .
For instance , some of our sites and services give you the ability to view and/or edit your personal information online .
The methods for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you use and their features .
You have several choices , for instance :
To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to us , you can return to the web page on our site where you originally submitted the data and follow the instructions on that web page .
You may correct or update your account information at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account .
You may deactivate your profile at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile .
You may close your account at any time by logging on the site on which you are registered and navigating to your account .
You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application .
You may stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device 's settings for the relevant application .
You may change your email preferences at any time by visiting your email preferences page for the relevant site .
If you have additional questions about your options , contact us .
Protecting your privacy and security is important and we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data .
Please be aware that certain records and information will be retained for specific purposes such as legal , payment , accounting , technical , dispute resolution , enforcement of our sites and services ' terms of use , or customer service .
If you have posted comments or user generated content on our site , we may not be able to delete it .
Further , we take no responsibility for removing or editing any of your public activities or any submissions or content that is a result of your public activities , except as provided in this privacy policy or the sites or services ' terms of use .
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy , unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law .
Opting Out of Requested Communications
Requested communications include , for instance , email newsletters or software updates that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive .
After you request such communications , you may `` opt out '' of receiving them by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words `` STOP '' or `` END . ''
Return to the web page ( s ) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions .
Please provide your name , contact information , and specific relevant information that you no longer wish to receive .
Opting Out of General or Promotional Communications
General communications provide information about products , services , and/or support and may include special offers , new product information , or invitations to participate in market research .
You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from text messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words `` STOP '' or `` END . ''
Please provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences .
We have implemented reasonable and appropriate administrative , physical , technical and data security procedures and controls to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss , misuse and alteration .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
We can not assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems .
We use third-party service providers to manage credit card and payment processing .
These service providers are not permitted to store , retain , or use billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card and payment processing on our behalf .
When you enter payment information we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology and do not store it on our systems .
Linked Websites and Services
Our sites and services may link to other sites or services operated by Internet Brands ' affiliates or third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
We do not exercise control over third party sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties .
Once you leave our sites or services via a link , enable a third-party service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party 's site .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We may also provide social media features on our sites and services that enable you to share personal information with your social network ( s ) and to interact with our sites and services .
Depending on the features , your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of personal information about you .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media site ( s ) with which you interact .
Our sites and services are intended for general audiences and are not targeted to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 , please do not disclose or provide any information .
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 , we will take steps to promptly delete the information .
We are headquartered in the United States .
Our sites and services are hosted in the United States or hosted with cloud service providers who are headquartered in the United States .
If you are located outside the United States , be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of our sites and services , may be processed in and transferred to and stored in the United States and will be subject to U.S. law .
U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws of your country of residence .
By using our sites and services or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States .
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure , typically by `` opting in '' to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites , for example .
If you ask us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes , we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion , since we do not share information with any third party ( other than our service providers ) on an ongoing basis .
To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not `` opt in '' to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites .
Users residing in certain jurisdictions , like California , have a right to access personal information held by us about them and their right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law .
California law requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the resident has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
California residents may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us .
When writing to us , you must put the statement `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the body or subject line of your request , and include ( i ) the name of the site about which you are contacting us , ( ii ) any unique site identifier associated with you ( like member number or forum handle ) , ( iii ) your name , and ( iv ) your contact information .
Please submit requests using our Privacy Contact form and allow 30 days for a response .
We will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices you can contact us or write to us at Internet Brands , Inc. , Privacy Office , 909 N. Sepulveda Blvd. , 11th Floor , El Segundo , California 90245 U.S.A . Please be sure to identify the specific website , software or service about which you have a question or concern and how we can contact you .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and if we do , we will update it on this page and modify the `` Last Updated '' date .
If our information practices change in a significant way , you will be provided notice by means of notice on our sites .
Last Updated : June 12 , 2012

This notice tells you what information we collect , steps we take to protect and secure it , how we use and share information , and finally , how you can contact us with questions or concerns .
InterPals collects personal information when you register with us , use InterPals products or services or post content on a InterPals site .
InterPals may also collect personal information when you enter into promotions or sweepstakes .
InterPals may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or others .
InterPals may also collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners .
This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you such as your credit card number .
InterPals may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookies , and the pages you request .
InterPals uses information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , billing , identification and authentication , services improvement , contact , research , and anonymous reporting .
InterPals may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access our web sites .
IP addresses , browser and session information may be used for various purposes , including to :
Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP .
Estimate the total number of users visiting InterPals.net 's web sites from specific geographical regions .
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content , services or resources that we offer.- Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse .
Provide more relevant advertisements to you .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
If you reject all cookies , you may not be able to use InterPals services or products that require you to `` sign in '' and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set .
InterPals uses its own cookies for a number of purposes , including to :
- Require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents .
- Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the InterPals.net Sites , Products and Services .
- Estimate and report our total audience size and traffic .
- Conduct research to improve the content and services provided on the InterPals.net Sites , Products and Services .
- Ensure that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize advertising based on browser type and user profile information .
InterPals.net lets other entities that show advertisements or provide services on some of our web pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , and not this policy .
Advertisers or other entities do not have access to InterPals.net 's cookies .
Information Relating to Children
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , InterPals does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information through the InterPals web site from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of InterPals service is directed to persons under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access the InterPals service or web site at any time or in any manner .
Information Use , Sharing and Disclosure
InterPals does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of the InterPals web sites , products and services with others except as described in this policy .
When you provide personal information through using InterPals you are however sharing your personal information with InterPals.net and its affiliated entities .
The use of your personal information by these organizations is subject to this policy .
We do not share your information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
However , InterPals may display targeted advertisements based on personally non-identifiable information ( such as browser type and IP address ) and/or personal selection ( See the Section entitled Third Party Advertising below for more information on how your information is shared with advertisers ) .
InterPals may use or share your personal information where it is necessary to complete a transaction , to operate or improve the InterPals products and services , to do something that you have asked us to do , or tell you of products and services that we think may be of interest .
From time to time , InterPals.net or a partner , may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on InterPals .
You may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate .
InterPals.net may transfer personal information to certain advertising partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from .
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply .
Where you are contacted with an offer or service based on information you have shared with InterPals , we will do our best to provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving such further communications at the time you are contacted , however , in connection with any of our paid products and services ( i.e. , products or services that you license or use for a fee ) , we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to those products and services , such as service announcements , and administrative messages , that are considered part of your InterPals.net account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
When you register for InterPals , InterPals.net collects user-submitted account information such as name , email address and age to identify users and send notifications related to the use of the service .
InterPals.net also collects user-submitted profile information , including additional contact information , location , biographical information and photos .
This additional profile information will assist other users in finding and communicating with you .
InterPals will display your `` Display Name '' on your profile .
InterPals will display your name and any other user-submitted profile information on your profile according to the preferences you set in your account .
Email addresses and full names may be used when a user invites a friend via email to join InterPals and when InterPals sends notifications to a user related to their use of InterPals .
When you post a message on a InterPals Site , you have the ability to post a message which may include personally identifiable information about yourself .
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
InterPals.net may share personally identifiable information about you under the following circumstances :
In the course of operating our business it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your personal information to others such as our service providers , contractors and select vendors so that we can operate InterPals and our business .
We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , to establish or exercise our legal rights or , defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate .
We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our various terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
As we continue to develop our business , we may also buy or sell all or part of our business .
In such transactions , personally identifiable information you have shared with us is generally one of the business assets that will be transferred .
The transferred personally identifiable information will remain subject to the promises made in this privacy policy or subsequent policies to which you have consented .
Advertisements appearing on the InterPals.net Sites , Product or Services may be delivered to users by InterPals.net or one of our Web advertising partners .
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement .
In this way , ad servers may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on .
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by InterPals.net and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
InterPals.net does not share any personally identifiable information with advertisers .
InterPals.net may share general demographic information ( such as aggregated statistics about members ' interests and occupations ) and non-personally identifiable information ( such as browser type and IP addresses ) with advertisers and partners .
InterPals.net does not give advertisers access to your individual personal account information .
However , by selecting , interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
InterPals.net may revise , modify or update this policy .
We may notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your particular InterPals.net account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
You are encouraged to check this policy frequently for any changes as your continued use of the InterPals service indicates your consent to such changes .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your information , we take reasonable measures to secure it on our systems .
If InterPals.net learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using InterPals or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of those sites , products and services .
We may post a notice on our applicable web sites if a security breach occurs .
If this happens , you will need a web browser enabling you to view the applicable web sites .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
Changing your Preferences and Personal Information
You can edit your account information with InterPals at any time .
Most personal information you may provide is entirely optional .
For example , to the extent that parents are considering whether to permit their children to use InterPals , we do not condition a child 's participation based upon their provision of any more personal information than is necessary to operate those sites , products and services .
You can delete your applicable account by visiting the applicable account deletion page ; however , please note that some personal information , primarily your contact information , may remain in our records to the extent necessary to protect our legal interests or document compliance with regulatory requirements .
The InterPals web site is hosted in the US and is intended for and directed to users around the world .
If you are accessing this web site from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure , that differ from US laws , please be advised that through your continued use of this web site , which is governed by US law , this privacy policy , and our Terms of Service , you are transferring your personal information to US and you consent to that transfer .

Revised and posted as of : May 10 , 2013
Investopedia is committed to safeguarding your privacy online .
Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Investopedia website .
The Investopedia website is owned and operated by Investopedia , a ValueClick , Inc. company .
Please read this policy carefully since by visiting the Investopedia website and/or sharing information with us , you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy .
The Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time by us .
This page was last updated as of the date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website .
Generally Investopedia.com ( `` Site '' or `` we '' , `` our '' or `` us '' ) does not collect , store , use or disclose any data collected with an intention to personally identify and/or contact a person such as : name , address , telephone number or e-mail address ( hereinafter `` PII '' ) except in specific instances , for example , when you provide PII through registering on the Site or as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Whenever we collect such PII , it will be governed by this Privacy Policy .
Also governed by this Privacy Policy is our use of aggregated ( data gathered and compiled across all user accounts ) information , which helps us develop content targeted to users ' interests and to better the website user experience .
Investopedia is committed to your privacy and , other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent , Investopedia will not share any PII with any third party at any time , unless required by law or to fulfill products or services associated with this Site .
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers the website Investopedia.com and the transactions listed within this Privacy Policy
Please be aware that Investopedia sponsors , advertisers , and partners or affiliates who have co-branded modules or sections on Investopedia may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website .
The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Site .
Investopedia users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
Investopedia does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Investopedia website user except when knowingly provided by such individual .
For example , we may ask you for information , such as your e-mail address , title and industry when you register to become a member of Investopedia .
You may also provide information to Investopedia in other contexts , including , for example , in order to register for the Stock Simulator or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion .
In the event you order something from Investopedia or one of our co-branded websites , we may request additional personal information , such as your address , telephone number and payment information , in order to complete the purchase .
In order to further enhance the website user experience and target content to users ' interests , we may also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services ( where other information may be added to the information you provide ) .
You always have the option not to provide the information we request .
If you choose not to provide the information we request , you can still visit most of the Investopedia website , but you may be unable to access certain options and services .
When you register or become a member of Investopedia or provide information to Investopedia in any other manner , you agree to provide only true , accurate , current and complete information .
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer 's hard drive by your web browser .
A cookie file can contain information , such as a user identification code , that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited .
Investopedia uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Investopedia and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists , preferences , job title , story ratings ( if you have provided any ) , and membership status so that you do n't have to login each time you visit the website .
The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying ( PII ) and non-personally identifying ( non-PII ) information .
We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site , including Flash cookies , also known as `` local shared objects , '' to perform similar functions as browser cookies .
Like normal browser cookies , these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com .
Business partners of Investopedia , vendors providing hosting and other services for Investopedia , third party analytics providers , as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain .
All such third-party cookies are not governed by this Privacy Policy , but by the privacy policy of such third party .
If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies , please click here .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie , choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies .
However , if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website , you may not be able to use certain features of the site .
To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here .
We use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users , assess traffic patterns , identify preferred content and measure site engagement .
We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened .
Investopedia also uses a reputable third party to collect information , including through the use of web beacons , browser cookies and other tracking technologies .
Traffic or Clickstream Data ( `` Clickstream Data '' ) .
Clickstream Data consists of traffic and usage data that is not personally identifiable .
We do not supplement or combine Clickstream Data with any PII .
We may share Clickstream Data we collect with certain selected third parties and ValueClick Entities , but only in anonymous form .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , such third parties and ValueClick Entities may combine such Clickstream Data with any PII that you choose to give to such third parties or ValueClick Entities when registering with their websites .
We collect Clickstream Data regarding use of our services by observing browser functions and the files ( pages ) you access .
For example , our servers collect information about the site to which you may redirect to in order to enable us to calculate and receive payments from our business partners .
In addition , we may use Clickstream Data to better design our services .
Investopedia web and ad servers log information about a site user 's IP address , browser type and the current URL the user is requesting .
This information is always provided by each and every user 's browser .
These log files are stored in a secure location and may be used in an anonymous manner in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website and with specific third parties contracted by Investopedia .
This information is automatically logged by most websites .
Widgets are small content modules that users can embed on their own sites .
We offer widgets that are hosted on Investopedia , like our embeddable video player , as well as widgets that are powered by 3rd party vendors .
Use of the Investopedia widgets is subject to the Investopedia terms of use , but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement .
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website .
To Target Content and Advertising
To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests , we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas .
We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising .
The Non-PII collected by such parties on our Site and other websites may be used in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , please click on the following link : NAI Website .
Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third-party advertisers to determine how they handle any information they collect from you .
To Provide Interactive Communications From Investopedia.com
To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications , such as our electronic newsletters , to the e-mail address that you provide to us .
Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile .
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features , promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile .
Control of Your Information
Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as e-mail address , zip code , country , title and industry , and they may elect to stop receiving newsletters or marketing material from Investopedia or on behalf of external third party business partners .
Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting the `` To unsubscribe or change your email settings '' link found at the end of any such e-mail received .
We use third parties to provide processing , e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site .
When you are on an area of Investopedia and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information with Investopedia as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Investopedia .
When you sign up for such services , we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service .
In addition , if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion , please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser .
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site .
If you participate , we will request certain personally identifiable information from you , such as your name and e-mail .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes .
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests ; that company will be prohibited from using our users personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice .
We also have features that allow you to send an e-mail to yourself and/or others about an item on our site .
If you choose to use our e-mail referral service , you will be required to provide the e-mail address or addresses that will be used in the notification .
Upon form submission an e-mail will be generated to your recipient ( s ) inviting them to visit the URL you have recommended .
We do not store this information other than for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail .
Aggregate , Anonymous Information With Advertisers
Investopedia derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users .
In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated , anonymous information that we gather ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience .
We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties .
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services .
We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service .
In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you ( such as for credit card processing for the purchase of investment newsletters ) .
In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider .
In all cases , these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose .
In The Event of Sale or Bankruptcy
The ownership of Investopedia may change at some point in the future .
Should that occur , we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you .
In the event of a sale , merger , public offering , bankruptcy or other change in control of Investopedia your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site .
Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner , but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information .
You will be notified as described below in `` How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed . ''
As Required By Law
Investopedia may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served on Investopedia or to protect and defend the rights or property of Investopedia .
Your information is stored on Investopedia 's servers located in the United States .
We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy , including encryption , `` firewalls '' and the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company .
However , `` perfect security '' does not exist on the Internet and you acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us .
FOR EUROPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS .
The European Union ( `` EU '' ) maintains strict privacy laws .
These rules differ significantly from U.S. laws .
To reconcile these differences , the U.S. and the EU have created a safe harbor ( U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework ) that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations .
The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor ( U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework ) .
Investopedia complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , Investopedia commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
Investopedia has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us , including information such as your name , address , or e-mail address .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
How to Contact Us
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one .
Our mailing address is Suite 200 , 4208-97th Street , Edmonton , Alberta , Canada T6E5Z9 .
How Will I Know if the Privacy Policy Is Changed ?
This statement may change from time to time , so please check back periodically .
Any material changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to this statement , the Investopedia home page , and other places we deem appropriate .

The Irish Times has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of The Irish Times .
A user can access our site and utilise a number of our services without providing any information at all .
However , all users who register for The Irish Times services provide basic contact and demographic information .
We do develop summary - not individual - reports for our advertisers .
The people that make it possible for visitors to use The Irish Times for free - our advertisers - need this information to determine how effective their advertising investments are .
The Irish Times will not disclose a user 's personally identifiable information to any third party without the user 's express permission except where applicable for the purpose of supplying the service for which the user has registered .
We do not follow a user 's browsing path outside of our websites .
Information The Irish Times collects
Information you voluntarily provide
We collect any information you voluntarily provide through any correspondence with The Irish Times through email or optional sign ups .
This information is NOT disclosed to any third party without your prior consent .
For example , if you contact our editorial staff via email , we collect your email address , name and any additional information you include in your email message .
Information such as your email address and name may also be collected when you sign up to optional services offered by The Irish Times and our partner services .
These services currently include the following :
Subscription services from The Irish Times : newspaper delivery , The Irish Times Digital Edition , Archive , Crossword and email notifications .
Subscription services from our partners : Ancestors , Text Alerts , Family Notices and Dating .
Participation in competitions , promotions and surveys .
Commenting and social media
The Irish Times invites users to leave comments and share articles .
In order to do so , you must be logged in to your chosen social network .
If you are not already logged in , you will be prompted to do so when you attempt to post a comment or when you select one of the share icons .
To leave a comment , you must log in to Facebook , Twitter or LinkedIn as a means of authentication .
When you log in to one of these networks to leave a comment or share articles , you grant permission to your chosen network to share certain user details .
This information could include the user ID associated with your account , any information you have made public in connection with your account and any information you have permitted the network to share ( according to your privacy settings ) .
For example , if you log in to comment on The Irish Times via Twitter , The Irish Times receives your avatar and Twitter username to display with your comment .
Certain sections of The Irish Times use cookies , small pieces of data sent by a website 's server to your computer that allow that website to retrieve your user preferences , to personalise your visits and to simplify any sign-in procedures .
To learn more about cookies , please see our Cookie Policy .
We log your IP address , browser 's user agent and referring address to help diagnose problems with our server , to administer our website and to identify unique users .
Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information .
Auditing our traffic figures
We also provide our log file data to ABC electronic auditing bureau on a regular basis to verify our traffic figures .
This information is used solely for auditing purposes .
However , on the occasion of abuse or harassment , this data may also be used to find and locate individuals abusing the network system and/or services of The Irish Times .
In these cases , this data may be passed on to appropriate individuals , organisations or companies , if specifically requested .
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
The Irish Times may perform statistical analyses of user behaviour in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site ( for product development purposes ) and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers have seen or 'clicked ' their advertising banners .
We may also use demographic and preference information to allow advertising banners on our website to be targeted , in aggregate , to the readers for whom they are most pertinent .
This means that users may see advertising that is most likely to interest them , and advertisers may send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive , improving both the viewer 's experience and the effectiveness of the ads .
For the purposes of statistical analysis and banner advertisement targeting , we will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form .
Personal information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party without your consent .
We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our website .
Our third-party advertising company separately places or recognises a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to The Irish Times .
Certain online purchase options require users to provide financial information ( such as their credit card numbers ) and demographic information ( such as their address etc . ) .
Financial information collected is used solely to bill the user for products and services .
From time to time , our website requests information from users via surveys or competitions .
Participation in these surveys or competitions is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
Information requested may include contact details ( such as name and delivery address ) and demographic information ( such as address , age and income level ) .
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes ; demographic information will be used for purposes of monitoring and improving the website .
No personal information will be retained for longer than is necessary or used for any undisclosed purpose .
Promotions and competitions that run on The Irish Times may be sponsored by companies other than The Irish Times or may be co-sponsored by The Irish Times and another company .
The Irish Times or its sponsors or business partners may , with your expressed permission , send you e-mails regarding its products and services .
This site contains links to other sites .
The Irish Times is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , The Irish Times can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
Opt-in to receive promotional material
Our site provides users with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotional/marketing information from The Irish Times , The Irish Times and select advertisers via email .
You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time by following the 'unsubscribe ' link at the footer of the email page .
The Irish Times provides certain services in conjunction with third parties .
These third parties have their own security and privacy policies .
You are advised to review these separately .
The Irish Times offers users the ability to change certain personal identifiable information ( e.g . email address ) collected during the signup process for specific services .

Para ver esta pgina en espaol haga clic aqu .
IRS Office of Privacy
Access to Privacy Impact Assessments
If You Send Us Information Online
Links to Other Sites
You have entered the Internal Revenue Service 's website , an official United States Government System .
The IRS uses this website to provide information about IRS services and programs .
This website includes specific applications which provide more services or enable us to respond to specific questions from Web site visitors .
We will not collect personal information about you just because you visit this Internet site .
There are applications on this website that provide you with the opportunity to order forms , ask questions requiring a response , sign up for electronic newsletters , participate in focus groups and customer surveys , or learn the status of filed returns or anticipated payments .
Using these services is voluntary and may require that you provide additional personal information to us .
Providing the requested information implies your consent for us to use this data in order to respond to your specific request .
The IRS is committed to protecting the privacy rights of America 's taxpayers .
These rights are protected by the Internal Revenue Code , the Privacy Act of 1974 , the Freedom of Information Act , and IRS policies and practices .
For more information about these laws , visit the IRS Electronic Freedom of Information Act Reading Room .
IRS Office of Privacy
The Internal Revenue Service 's Privacy Office ensures that your personal information is protected whenever you visit the IRS website .
If you have any questions or comments regarding the IRS 's website privacy policy , please contact us at the address below .
Director , Office of Privacy , Governmental Liaison and Disclosure
Room 7050 OS : P
1111 Constitution Ave. NW
Washington , DC 20224
BEFORE YOU WRITE , note that we can not assist you with any type of tax matter .
Our office may only address questions about IRS privacy policies or concerns you may have regarding how IRS uses and collects personal information .
PLEASE NOTE : Do not respond to unsolicited e-mails that claim to come from the IRS , or any e-mail from an unknown party asking you to submit personal , tax , or financial data .
The IRS does not use email to request this type of information .
For more information contact the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration ( TIGTA ) at 800-366-4484 or visit the TIGTA website .
Page Last Reviewed or Updated : 04-Sep-2013

Last Updated : August 2012
Please read this policy and if you have any questions contact us .
By using the site you consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy .
iStockphoto is committed to protecting your privacy .
This privacy policy tells you about our online collection , use and disclosure of personal information .
The terms of this policy apply to all personal information collected by iStockphoto on the website istockphoto.com and other country-specific iStockphoto websites which may be linked to istockphoto.com .
We have created this policy pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act ( Alberta ) S.A. 2003 , c.P-6.5 , the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( Canada ) S.C. 2000 , c.5 and the `` Anti-Spam Act '' ( Canada ) S.C. 2010 , c.23 .
Your home jurisdiction may have privacy laws that are more or less protective than the province of Alberta , Canada .
This site is operated by iStockphoto LP ( `` iStockphoto '' ) , a subsidiary of Getty Images , Inc .
( `` Getty Images '' ) and may be accessed in Canada and abroad .
For personal information protection purposes in the European Union , iStockphoto is the controller and , unless otherwise noted , is also the processor of the personal information .
We have designated a privacy officer at iStockphoto to be accountable for our policies and practices with respect to the management of personal information .
You may forward any questions , comments or complaints that you might have about this privacy policy to :
Suite 200 - 1240 20th Ave SE
Calgary , AB T2G 1M8
Collection of Your Non-Personal and Personal Information
iStockphoto collects certain kinds of non-personal information , such as the website that referred you to us , browser type and language , and access times .
We also may collect navigational information , including information about the pages you view , the links you click , and other actions taken in connection with the site .
Limited demographic information , such as the industry you work in , may also be collected and may be linked to your personal information .
We only collect personal information about you after you have provided us with your consent to collect that specific information .
1.information collected when you register or visit the site including your member name and password , your name , your mailing address , email address , IP address and phone number .
2.information collected when you make a purchase including your credit card number and billing address .
3.if you become a contributor , information collected when you sign-up as a contributor including ( i ) banking and other financial institution information required in order for us to compensate you ; ( ii ) your social insurance number required in order for us to prepare tax information slips ; and ( iii ) a copy of your photo identification ( for example , your driver 's license ) .
You may always choose not to provide personal information , but if you so choose , certain products and services may not be available to you .
Use of Your Personal Information
iStockphoto collects and uses your personal information to :
create and manage your membership account ;
process your transactions ;
provide customer service ;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products , services and technologies , including sending you surveys ;
to display content that is customized to your interests and preferences ;
to run contests , select entrants , and choose prize winners ;
to run Interactive Areas ;
if you are contributor to iStockphoto , to compensate you and to prepare tax information slips ;
if you are a contributor to iStockphoto , to identify your uploaded content as your content ;
to communicate with you about your transactions , new products and services including transaction-related communications such as welcome letters , billing reminders , and purchase confirmations ; and
we may also send you marketing emails to inform you of new products or services or other information or offers that may be of interest .
These marketing emails may come from iStockphoto or our parent company , Getty Images or any of its divisions , affiliates or subsidiaries ( the `` Getty Images Group '' ) .
If you do not wish to receive marketing emails , you may adjust your `` Personal Information Preferences '' as described below .
Personal information collected by iStockphoto and its affiliates may be stored and processed in Canada or any other country in which iStockphoto or its parent , affiliates , subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities , and by providing us with your personal information and using our sites or services , you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country .
If you would like to know more about our privacy practices with the Getty Images Group or if you would like to exercise any of your personal information protection rights ( including the right to have your personal information deleted ) , please contact our Privacy Officer .
Disclosing Your Personal Information
Except as set out in this privacy policy , iStockphoto does not disclose or sell your personal information to any third-parties .
We may disclose your personal information to third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf .
For example , we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments , to provide data storage , to host websites , to fulfill orders and shipments , to assist in marketing , to conduct audits , etc .
Those third-party service providers ( i ) shall be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service , ( ii ) must protect personal information to the same extent as iStockphoto , and ( iii ) shall be prohibited from using it for any other purpose .
We may disclose your personal information to the Getty Images Group , provided that the Getty Images Group uses your personal information for the same purposes and protects it to the same degree , as set out in this privacy policy .
Personal information disclosed to the Getty Images Group may be available to the United States government or its agencies under a lawful order made in a court of competent jurisdiction in the US .
If you have entered into and/or won an iStockphoto contest , we or a contest sponsor may publish your name and city of residence .
Information about our customers , including personal information , may be disclosed as part of any merger , acquisition , or sale of the company and/or its assets , as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency , bankruptcy , or receivership , in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company .
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required or permitted to do so by law .
Consent of Your Personal Information
By submitting personal information to us , you acknowledge and agree that you have consented to the collection , use and disclosure practices set out in this Privacy Policy as they relate to your personal information .
Accessing Your Personal Information
If you would like to review or revise information that you previously provided to us , you may access and change your personal information in the `` My Account '' section of the site .
iStockphoto respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal information .
If you choose not to receive marketing emails , please be advised that you will continue to receive transactional or account communications and emails ( e.g. , confirmation emails and account balance statements ) .
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
iStockphoto uses `` cookies '' to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize and improve your online experience .
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive or device .
Cookies contain information , including personal information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit , your registration information , session identification number and your navigational history and preferences .
Cookies offer you many conveniences :
They allow us to identify registered users when they return to the site so that they can retrieve previous image search results , access lightboxes , shopping carts , and view their previous invoices .
Cookies also save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information .
Cookies allow us to deliver personalized content to you , including search results and targeted advertising .
Cookies help to protect your security by checking your login details and may help prevent fraud .
Cookies remember your preferences when using the site .
Cookies also identify particular customers in the event such customer would like assistance from a live , online customer service representative .
We strive to make this site user-friendly and relevant .
Our goal is to deliver more personalized products and services to you .
For this purpose , iStockphoto also works with third party partners who use cookies on our site to :
Measure and analyze aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our users on our site .
Information gathered may include , but is not limited to the following : activity of the user browser when the user is visiting the site , the site path of users , general information regarding the visitor 's internet service provider and host , and the time users come to the site .
Remember our users ' previous search of products and services , and dynamically display more relevant content to them .
Record users ' behavior on our site , such as pages visited , emails clicked , forms completed and products and services purchased to create customized advertisements and communications that better meet your needs .
Evaluate user traffic and behavior on the site to compile activity reports for our internal use only .
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve our products and services .
Identify users arriving at the site via a referral from an affiliate website or sponsored link .
This privacy policy covers the collection of information and use of cookies by iStockphoto only , and does not cover the use of cookies or other technologies by third parties to collect information .
In addition to cookies , we may use other technologies , including single-pixel gifs ( also known as web beacons ) on our websites and in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters .
Web beacons allow us to measure the actions of a user opening the page that contained the web beacon .
We use web beacons to assist us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters , improve user experience and manage site content .
When you click on a link on a page with a web beacon , we may record your response to customize our offerings to you .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
Please be aware that the site is optimally designed to operate with cookies enabled in your internet browser .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our sites and services that depend on cookies but you will be able to perform basic navigation through the site .
Disabling cookies may negatively impact your experience of the site .
Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information including without limitation :
limiting access to your personal information to those of our employees who require it to provide services to you ;
requiring employees to sign confidentiality agreements to protect customer and other confidential information ;
ensuring that third-party service providers sign confidentiality agreements to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and not to use it for any unauthorized purposes ;
personal information collected is retained as long as it is reasonably required for the purposes it was collected ;
encrypting credit card information on our order forms using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology ; and
storing your personal information in secure computer systems which protect it from unauthorized access or use .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If a password is used to protect your account and personal information , it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential .
Forums & Other Interactive Services
Our sites may include discussion forums or other interactive areas or services , including blogs , chat rooms , bulletin boards , message boards , online hosting or storage services , or other areas or services in which you or third parties create , post or store any content , messages , comments , materials or other items on the sites ( `` Interactive Areas '' ) .
If you use an Interactive Area , you should be aware that these areas are open to the public and any personal information you post or provide at registration may be viewable by others .
We are not responsible for personal information you submit in connection with the Interactive Areas , nor are we responsible for how others might use that information , including sending you unsolicited messages .
Interactive Area postings may be retained indefinitely .
Keep in mind that removal of a posting from an Interactive Area does not mean that the posting will be deleted from our systems .
If you choose to use our referral services to tell a friend about our products or services ( including images in your Lightbox , promotional campaigns , new websites , job postings , etc . ) , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will use that information to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site , review the product or service you have selected and if they choose to join us , to track our referral services .
We may use a third-party provider to administer this function , but any such third-party provider may only use the information submitted to facilitate this one-time email .
If you are the person who was referred ( either by email or otherwise , including through our referral program by clicking on a link on a third party site or email ) and you choose to join us , your iStockphoto member name and any information you choose to put on your profile page may be viewable to the person that referred you so that they may track their referral services .
We do not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 without parental consent .
If you are under 18 , you shall not use or enter information on this site , including without limitation , any Interactive Areas of the site without parental consent .
We may link to websites , including those of our subsidiaries and third-party content providers , that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here .
We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites , and encourage you to become acquainted with them prior to use .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time .
When we make changes , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of the policy .
If there are material changes to this statement or in how iStockphoto will use your personal information , we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page , or by sending you an email .
We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our sites .
2012 iStockphoto LP .
All rights reserved .

This notice tells you what information we collect , steps we take to protect and secure it , how we use and share information , and finally , how you can contact us with questions or concerns .
italki collects personal information when you register with us , use italki products or services or post content on a italki site .
italki may also collect personal information when you enter into promotions or sweepstakes .
italki may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or others .
italki may also collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners .
This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you such as your credit card number .
italki may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookies , and the pages you request .
italki uses information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , billing , identification and authentication , services improvement , contact , research , and anonymous reporting .
italki may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access our web sites .
IP addresses , browser and session information may be used for various purposes , including to :
Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP .
Estimate the total number of users visiting italki.com 's web sites from specific geographical regions .
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content , services or resources that we offer.- Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse .
Provide more relevant advertisements to you .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
If you reject all cookies , you may not be able to use italki services or products that require you to `` sign in '' and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set .
italki uses its own cookies for a number of purposes , including to :
- Require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents .
- Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the italki.com Sites , Products and Services .
- Estimate and report our total audience size and traffic .
- Conduct research to improve the content and services provided on the italki.com Sites , Products and Services .
- Ensure that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize advertising based on browser type and user profile information .
italki.com lets other entities that show advertisements or provide services on some of our web pages set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , and not this policy .
Advertisers or other entities do not have access to italki.com 's cookies .
Information Relating to Children
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , italki does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information through the italki web site from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of italki service is directed to persons under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access the italki service or web site at any time or in any manner .
Information Use , Sharing and Disclosure
italki does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of the italki web sites , products and services with others except as described in this policy .
When you provide personal information through using italki you are however sharing your personal information with italki.com and its affiliated entities .
The use of your personal information by these organizations is subject to this policy .
We do not share your information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
However , italki may display targeted advertisements based on personally non-identifiable information ( such as browser type and IP address ) and/or personal selection ( See the Section entitled Third Party Advertising below for more information on how your information is shared with advertisers ) .
italki may use or share your personal information where it is necessary to complete a transaction , to operate or improve the italki products and services , to do something that you have asked us to do , or tell you of products and services that we think may be of interest .
From time to time , italki.com or a partner , may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on italki .
You may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate .
italki.com may transfer personal information to certain advertising partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from .
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply .
Where you are contacted with an offer or service based on information you have shared with italki , we will do our best to provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving such further communications at the time you are contacted , however , in connection with any of our paid products and services ( i.e. , products or services that you license or use for a fee ) , we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to those products and services , such as service announcements , and administrative messages , that are considered part of your italki.com account , without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
When you register for italki , italki.com collects user-submitted account information such as name , email address and age to identify users and send notifications related to the use of the service .
italki.com also collects user-submitted profile information , including additional contact information , location , biographical information and photos .
This additional profile information will assist other users in finding and communicating with you .
italki will display your `` Display Name '' on your profile .
italki will display your name and any other user-submitted profile information on your profile according to the preferences you set in your account .
Email addresses and full names may be used when a user invites a friend via email to join italki and when italki sends notifications to a user related to their use of italki .
When you post a message on a italki Site , you have the ability to post a message which may include personally identifiable information about yourself .
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
italki.com may share personally identifiable information about you under the following circumstances :
In the course of operating our business it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your personal information to others such as our service providers , contractors and select vendors so that we can operate italki and our business .
We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , to establish or exercise our legal rights or , defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate .
We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our various terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
As we continue to develop our business , we may also buy or sell all or part of our business .
In such transactions , personally identifiable information you have shared with us is generally one of the business assets that will be transferred .
The transferred personally identifiable information will remain subject to the promises made in this privacy policy or subsequent policies to which you have consented .
Advertisements appearing on the italki.com Sites , Product or Services may be delivered to users by italki.com or one of our Web advertising partners .
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement .
In this way , ad servers may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on .
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by italki.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
italki.com does not share any personally identifiable information with advertisers .
italki.com may share general demographic information ( such as aggregated statistics about members ' interests and occupations ) and non-personally identifiable information ( such as browser type and IP addresses ) with advertisers and partners .
italki.com does not give advertisers access to your individual personal account information .
However , by selecting , interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
italki.com may revise , modify or update this policy .
We may notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your particular italki.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
You are encouraged to check this policy frequently for any changes as your continued use of the italki service indicates your consent to such changes .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your information , we take reasonable measures to secure it on our systems .
If italki.com learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using italki or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of those sites , products and services .
We may post a notice on our applicable web sites if a security breach occurs .
If this happens , you will need a web browser enabling you to view the applicable web sites .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
To receive free written notice of a security breach ( or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice ) you should notify us at privacy ( at ) italki ( dot ) com.Changing your Preferences and Personal Information
You can edit your account information with italki at any time .
Most personal information you may provide is entirely optional .
For example , to the extent that parents are considering whether to permit their children to use italki , we do not condition a child 's participation based upon their provision of any more personal information than is necessary to operate those sites , products and services .
You can delete your applicable account by visiting the applicable account deletion page ; however , please note that some personal information , primarily your contact information , may remain in our records to the extent necessary to protect our legal interests or document compliance with regulatory requirements .
The italki web site is hosted in the US and is intended for and directed to users around the world .
If you are accessing this web site from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure , that differ from US laws , please be advised that through your continued use of this web site , which is governed by US law , this privacy policy , and our Terms of Service , you are transferring your personal information to US and you consent to that transfer .
If you have a privacy concern regarding italki , or this policy , and if you can not satisfactorily resolve it through the use of those sites , products or services , you should complete a feedback form or you can write to us by email at privacy ( at ) italki ( dot ) com .
Effective Date : February 1 , 2007

PRIVACY POLICY FOR GARDENWEB.COM WEBSITE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 15 , 2007
Introduction : At iVillage , Inc. we realize the importance of feeling safe online and are fully committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected and protected .
Our Privacy Policy below outlines the type of information we collect and receive from you while you are within the iVillage Network , as well as ways in which we process and , sometimes , share such information and how you can correct or change such information .
The iVillage Network is defined as the network of websites and services that are owned and operated by iVillage , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Each site included within the iVillage Network is governed by this Privacy Policy unless otherwise noted on such site .
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE IVILLAGE NETWORK CAREFULLY .
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE.SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE .
How iVillage Collects Information
Personal Data you provide
Our Use of Your Information
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties
Third Party Advertising and Links to other Sites .
Public forums/chat rooms/message boards/bulletin boards/social
How we protect and secure your information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How iVillage Collects Information
A . Personal Data you provide to iVillage
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual such as your name , email address , home address , and phone number .
iVillage asks you to provide Personally Identifiable Information in various places throughout the iVillage Network .
Some of these areas where the collection of such information takes place are listed below :
In order to use many of iVillage 's features , tools and services , we ask you to register to become a member .
During this member registration process , we will ask you for Personally Identifiable Information .
In addition , you may choose to provide iVillage with additional information including marital status , household income , education and employment status .
iVillage offers electronic newsletters on a variety of topics .
If you subscribe to any of these newsletters , you will be required to provide a valid email address as well as any other information that is relevant to the delivery of the newsletter ( e.g. , certain Astrology.com newsletters require you to provide your birthday ) .
iVillage offers online surveys and questionnaires that ask users for opinions on various issues and/or other information .
Occasionally , we may request demographic information ( like zip code , age or gender ) when you answer a survey .
Such surveys are completely voluntary .
We regularly operate sweepstakes , contests and giveaways throughout the iVillage Network .
We typically ask you for your email address and/or phone number ( to notify you if you 've won , or not ) .
We also ask for first and last names , and sometimes post office addresses in order to verify the entrant 's identity .
In some situations , we need additional information as part of the entry process , such as a prize selection choice .
When you engage in an ecommerce transaction on the iVillage Network you may be asked to provide credit card information and other Personally Identifiable Information in order to complete the transaction .
In order to use some of the tools and services on the iVillage Total Health pages you may be asked to provide information about your health .
When you provide this information , in certain circumstances iVillage will associate it with Personally Identifiable Information .
B.Information gathered by iVillage and its third party service providers
When you visit the iVillage Network and interact with the services and tools that reside there , iVillage and third parties with whom iVillage has contracted to provide services to iVillage may collect information on your actions .
This type of information is generally collected from two sources .
One is from the server log files and the other is from cookies .
Your IP address is a number that is assigned by your ISP ( Internet Service Provider ) to your computer to identify its location .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website .
We also sometimes use IP addresses to communicate with members and subscribers and possibly even ban those members who are not complying with our Terms of Service .
Our site uses a feature of your browser to set a `` cookie '' on your computer .
Cookies are small packets of information that a site 's computer stores on your computer .
The iVillage Network can then read the cookies whenever you visit the iVillage websites .
We use cookies to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site , to deliver content specific to your interests , to track the pages you 've visited and to make sure you do n't see the same ads repeatedly .
These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your iVillage experience so that your visit to iVillage is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible .
You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies .
You have the choice to accept all cookies , to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies .
If you choose to reject cookies you may be unable to use those iVillage services that require registration in order to participate or will have to sign in each time you visit the iVillage Network .
Our advertising is currently served by third party advertising companies which deliver a cookie to you so the ads you see can be tracked and ensure that you are not shown the same ad too many times .
Since the third party advertising company only tags your computer with a number , they know nothing about who you are .
iVillage does not provide these third party advertising companies with any personally identifiable information .
However , these companies may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the iVillage Network and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
How iVillage uses Information it collects
iVillage uses the information you provide for several purposes , such as to communicate with you and to give you a better experience when visiting the iVillage Network by personalizing tools , content , services and email messages .
iVillage also uses this information to build new services and develop offers that iVillage believes are more relevant and valuable to you .
The information collected by iVillage is also used to create aggregated portraits of the iVillage audience , portraits which present anonymous statistical demographic information but no personally identifiable information .
This aggregated information is used , among other things , to determine trends and needs , and also to supply market research to potential advertisers and partners to help them understand who the iVillage audience is .
For example , we may create a report that tells advertisers that 60 percent of our members are females in a certain age range , so that they can determine which of their products or services are most appropriate for our members .
iVillage offers the ability to forward an article to another person via email .
If you use this service , we will use the recipient 's email address in order to send the article or postcard and we will also ask for your email address .
We do not use the recipient 's email address for any other purpose unless such recipient gives us permission to do so .
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties
iVillage does not sell or otherwise share Personally Identifiable Information with unaffiliated third parties without your consent ( please see the Opt-In/Opt-Out Policy below ) , except in the following instances : ( i ) disclosure is required by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order ; ( ii ) as deemed necessary , in iVillage 's discretion , to protect the legal rights or the property of iVillage , a member or third party , or to prevent personal injury ; and/or ( iii ) in the event of a sale , merger , assignment , joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of iVillage or its affiliated entities ( including , without limitation , in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) .
In addition , iVillage may provide Personally Identifiable Information to third parties who are providing technical or fulfillment services on behalf of iVillage when such disclosure is required in order to provide those services , provided that such third parties agree to be bound by iVillage 's Privacy Policy .
iVillage also reserves the right to share any Personally Identifiable Information or other information about you which you provide to ( or which is gathered from ) the iVillage Network with any or all of its subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively , our `` Affiliates '' ) ( subject to the opt-out right described below , with respect to disclosures of Personally Identifiable Information to Affiliates for their direct marketing uses ) . iVillage will also have access to any information you provide to ( or which is gathered from ) the web sites of any of our Affiliates .
Oftentimes , sweepstakes and contests offered on the iVillage Network are sponsored by unaffiliated third parties .
Information that you provide as part of an entry into a sponsored sweepstakes or contest will be shared with the sponsor if we advise you of such in the sweepstakes rules .
Most sweepstakes and contests will also ask you to consent to the release of information contained within the entry form for tax purposes if you become a winner .
You should carefully review the rules of each sweepstakes , contest and giveaway which you enter as they may contain additional important information about iVillage 's or a sponsor 's use of your personally identifiable information .
To the extent that you wish to avail yourself of the health , wellness and medical related services and tools available through the iVillage Total Health site , iVillage will be required to share certain personally identifiable information with the health , wellness and medical partners you have chosen to interact with .
iVillage is a founding member of the Health Internet Ethics Organization .
iVillage will use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually require all such third party advertisers and partners to agree to abide by either the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Health Internet Ethics principles , as applicable .
The information you provide on pages of the iVillage Network that are co-branded with a third party ( including tools that are hosted by a third party ) may be shared with advertisers and partners on an aggregated basis and in these instances your permission will not be requested since no Personally Identifiable Information will be shared or provided to these third party sponsors or advertisers .
iVillage will , however , use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually require all such third party advertisers and partners to agree not to use any non-personally identifiable information about you , in conjunction with other sources of information , or otherwise , to identify you .
The iVillage Opt-in/Opt-out Policy
Upon registration or from time-to-time , you may be asked to indicate whether you are interested in receiving information from us about special offers or news about our sites and advertisers .
If you do choose to receive these communications by means of an opt-in , we will occasionally send you an email message that matches your request ( s ) .
We currently provide the following opt-out opportunities :
At any time , you can follow a link provided in every newsletter or email message ( except for e-commerce confirmation or service notice emails ) to unsubscribe from that mailing list or email service .
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy , please note that iVillage reserves the right to contact you in the event of a change in the iVillage Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy .
At any time , you can opt out of having your Personally Identifiable Information shared with our Affiliates for their direct marketing purposes .
You will also be provided with the opportunity to opt-in to receive offers , goods and services directly from select companies other than iVillage .
In such instances where you have opted-in to receive such offers , goods and services from third parties , iVillage will share your information with such third parties and will often provide you access to the Privacy Policy of the third party for your review via a link .
In some instances , when you have the opportunity on the iVillage Network to subscribe to a newsletter offered by a third-party email service or advertiser or partner , the email address information will be located on the third party 's server and any information you provide is subject to that entity 's Privacy Policy , not this one .
If you have additional questions about how one of our advertisers , partners or sponsors use information about you , we urge you to contact them directly .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , `` opt-in '' is generally defined as any affirmative action by an iVillage member or visitor to submit or receive information , as the case may be .
Third Party Advertising and Links to other Sites
The iVillage Network contains links to advertiser and partner websites that are not co-branded or affiliated with iVillage in any way .
We can not be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such non-iVillage websites , and we do not control the practices of any of our advertisers or partners to whose sites we link .
iVillage provides you with the ability to access , correct or change the Personally Identifiable Information in your member portrait at any time , including contact information or other information you 've provided to us .
However , you can not currently change your member name although you may re-register and choose a new name .
To review , modify or delete your member information , please click here .
Please be advised that iVillage currently archives information it collects on its members and visitors .
Personal information about children is a concern for all of us .
At iVillage , we take the protection of children 's privacy very seriously .
iVillage does not encourage participation or visitation by children .
Visitors who are known to be under the age of 13 are prohibited from becoming a member .
Anyone under the age of eighteen is discouraged from participating in any sex related chats or message boards and we ask that no one less than eighteen years of age become a community volunteer .
Public forums/chat rooms/message boards/bulletin boards/social networking
Throughout the iVillage Network various public forums such as chat rooms , message boards , `` ask the expert '' areas and various question and answer areas are available to you as a registered iVillage member .
Please remember that any information you disclose in these public forum areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible on the iVillage Network , so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personal information in these areas .
iVillage may decide to utilize the content of Q & A 's , interactions with experts , and/or chat room and message board content throughout the iVillage Network and in promotions in order to enhance iVillage 's editorial , advertising , promotional and similar activities .
In those cases , we often provide authorship credit by listing the author 's member name .
We therefore encourage you to use care in protecting your identity when you choose a member name and to keep your member name confidential .
Within the social networking platform , iVillage Connect , you have the ability to determine who can view your profile or any part of your profile .
When you create your profile , or at any time after you 've created your profile , you can set your privacy settings by clicking on to the `` Privacy Settings '' link under the `` My Page '' tab .
By clicking on the `` All Users '' button ( which is the default setting ) , all of your information will be available to all users .
If you click `` Friends Only '' , you have the ability to limit those who can view your profile to those users of whom you provide approval .
While a `` Friends Only '' setting will limit access to your profile , in all instances , please use the same caution you would use in posting information about yourself on any other part of the iVillage Network .
How we protect and secure your information
iVillage has numerous security measures in place to protect you from the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control , including your credit card information if you choose to conduct an e-commerce transaction on the iVillage Network .
All of your member information require use of your password .
We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone .
iVillage uses industry-standard tools , such as firewalls , to ensure that your information is secure and confidential .
We control and operate the iVillage Network from the United States .
The iVillage Network is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the iVillage Network is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the iVillage Network do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will notify our members when we make any significant changes to our Privacy Policy that affect the use of any personally identifiable information we collect .
We will not make new use of any Personally Identifiable Information which iVillage gathered from individual members or visitors prior to any such significant change in our Privacy Policy without first obtaining the member 's or visitor 's consent for any new uses .
In instances where we ask for your Personally Identifiable Information and we tell you the data we are collecting on that page will be shared with unaffiliated third parties , and in cases where a member , visitor or subscriber to the iVillage Network opts-in to share his/her information with third parties , those disclosures and opt-ins will override anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy .
In addition , iVillage reserves the right to make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that will not affect iVillage 's use of a user 's Personally Identifiable Information at any time without any notice to you other than posting any such changes in a revised Privacy Policy on the iVillage Network .
We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to be sure you are familiar with the most current version .
The Privacy Policy will include the most recent date in which any revision has been made .
Please note that this Privacy Policy is also incorporated into iVillage 's Terms of Service .

Effective Date : 26th September , 2013
What Personally Identifiable Information do we collect and store ?
What other information is collected and stored ?
Information about you received from third parties
What happens to the information provided/collected ?
Passing your personal information to third parties
Safeguarding your Personally Identifiable Information
Jagex 's privacy practices in relation to children and the safeguarding of children 's Personally Identifiable Information
Review , correction and deletion of information from our records
This is the privacy policy of Jagex Limited and any companies within our group ( referred to collectively as `` Jagex '' ) .
It applies to all of our websites/services ( referred to collectively as `` our websites '' ) on which it appears .
`` Jagex Product ( s ) '' is used as shorthand for our online games including all Jagex websites used to play those games and products published by Jagex on behalf of third parties .
The ongoing supply of any particular Jagex Product is not guaranteed .
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that identifies you and can be used to contact or locate you in real life , such as your real full name , e-mail address , mobile telephone number , postal address or credit card information .
We are committed to protecting your privacy and take special measures to ensure the confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information collected from or about you .
This privacy policy explains how we collect , store and use such Personally Identifiable Information .
Please read this policy carefully .
You must accept this policy in full in order to use our website or any Jagex Product ( whether or not you are a subscriber ) .
If you do not agree with this policy , or any part , please do not use our websites or any Jagex Products .
Your using any of our websites or Jagex Products is treated as an acceptance of the version of this policy in effect at the time of your use .
We may change this policy at any time , and will post any changes made on the site .
Please check it whenever you return to the site .
We will treat your continued use of our websites as acceptance of these changes from their effective date as shown above .
If you have any questions about this privacy policy , please contact us by emailing and do not use our websites or Jagex Products until you are satisfied and can accept this policy in its entirety .
What Personally Identifiable Information do we collect and store
No Personally Identifiable Information is collected when you merely access the public areas of our websites or when you play our single player games .
We collect and store information which you voluntarily provide via forms or otherwise on our websites , electronic or other communications with us .
You may opt-out of providing any such information by simply choosing not to complete the form requesting the information , and hence choosing not to use that particular service .
To use many of the features of Jagex Products you will need to open an account by choosing a username and password .
To start a subscription for any Jagex Product you will need to provide contact information including : name , a valid email address , home address , and payment details ( such as credit card number and expiry date ) .
Some users may not be eligible to provide this information .
To start a subscription for any Jagex Product you will also need to provide contact information including : your name , a valid email address , home address .
To make use of our customer support service you will need to access the customer support section using your username and password and supply information relating to your query via the online form .
To enable us to provide a better customer support service we may also ask you to provide contact information including : name , email address , postcode and country , and to provide a number of security questions which we can use to verify your identity if you require assistance in the future .
( Note that the questions and the answers you provide are up to you .
You may opt-out of providing some of this information but it will limit the availability or effectiveness of our support service if you do , or you may not be eligible for a particular support service . )
We may give you the option of supplying a valid email address so we can contact you in the future with email newsletters about Jagex Products , including new game features and special offers .
Some users may not be eligible for certain elements detailed above , for example because there are restrictions on the collection of Personally Identifiable Information from those users .
What other information is collected and stored
We use Cookies , collect and store IP-addresses , alphanumeric IDs and other unique identifiers in order to identify specific computers that access our websites .
We identify and store the versions of Java and .NET ( if any ) on your computer along with your browser and operating system , and details of your device 's hardware and software specifications .
For more information about Cookies , the information they collect and how to disable them , please visit our Cookies page .
We generate and store logs indicating usage of our websites such as activity in our games and public and private chat communications .
This includes monitoring play patterns and anti-tamper checks which verify the correct internal operation of our software and are designed to spot abusive or inappropriate activities .
We may track your use of certain features and areas of our websites to help us improve them .
If our client software held on your computer fails , it sends an automatic error report to our server to help us fix it .
This error report only includes information about the internal state of our own client software and which browser/java version it is running on .
It does not include data from elsewhere on your system and so does not reveal Personally Identifiable Information to us .
We store 'save game ' and 'game settings ' information to enable us to provide a better games service in which your activities and achievements are remembered in the game , and we conduct polls to find better ways of serving the needs of our users .
Information about you received from third parties
If you access Jagex 's Products through an integrated and approved third party then you are allowing Jagex access to certain information from that third party .
The information you allow Jagex to access may vary per Jagex Product and across different third party platforms and is affected by the privacy settings you have on your computer or internet device and the choices you make with that third party .
By playing a Jagex Product through a third party site or application you are authorising Jagex to collect , store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the third party could provide to Jagex through that third party site or application including Personally Identifiable Information .
What happens to the information provided/collected
The information we collect may be used :
To process your payment for membership subscriptions or other goods or services ordered on our site or to fulfil such orders .
To provide our customer support service , and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our customer support service .
To enforce our terms and conditions , and prevent or detect hacking activities , security breaches or safety risks in connection with our websites .
To send service announcements and messages ( for example , a reminder sent to the members ' Message Centre if a subscription payment is due or if member credit has expired ) .
To aggregate information to generate anonymous statistics regarding use of our websites .
We may share this anonymous information with our partners and advertisers .
This is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information .
For our own internal marketing and demographic studies and to help us improve our websites or to show you adverts on our site which are relevant to your demographic profile .
In the event of an actual or proposed ( including as part of negotiations for any ) merger , or business combination or sale of substantially all of our assets or a business operation to which such information relates , or as provided under bankruptcy or applicable insolvency laws or by the enforcement of equitable rights .
To disclose information to the extent required by law , court order , as requested by other government , regulatory or law enforcement authority , to protect or assist in protecting our users , systems or the public , or to otherwise enforce legal rights as determined in our sole and absolute discretion .
If you have agreed on our websites , to send you email newsletters about our games , including new game features and special offers .
As set out elsewhere in our privacy policy .
We care about protecting your privacy , and with the exception of the uses specified above or where you explicitly consent , we will not sell , transfer , rent out , share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other companies .
Passing your personal information to third parties
We may supply your Personally Identifiable Information to external third parties who provide a service to us ( such as fulfilment of orders placed for Jagex Product merchandise or to assist us in the supply of customer support ) and purely for the purpose of that service .
> We partner with a number of external payment service provider companies to enable you to make payment via a wide range of payment options .
We share your billing information with such companies insofar as is necessary for the processing of your payment or to prevent or detect fraud .
These companies have agreed not to retain , share , store or use your Personally Identifiable Information which we pass to them for any secondary purposes .
Your personal information may be transferred to , stored and processed in countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the European Union including the United States , and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy .
You should be aware that the data protection laws of other countries may not be the same as the data protection laws of your country of residence .
By submitting your personal information to Jagex , you agree to the transfer , storage and processing of your personal information as described in this section .
Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to any of your Personally Identifiable Information which is collected by the external payment provider companies themselves or to the websites or services of other companies to which we link or which link to us , or which provide goods or services to our users from their websites ( such as co-branded , white label or affiliate sites or other sites selling Jagex Product merchandise ) .
Please note that those companies ( and not Jagex ) are responsible for the information which they collect .
Please check their privacy polices where appropriate .
We use external companies to provide and serve advertisements or other technologies on our websites ( eg to collect website statistics or to enable sharing of buttons or widgets ) .
These companies may use information ( not including Personally Identifiable Information ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to personalize advertisements on this site or other sites and/or to personalize certain features on our site and/or to provide anonymised aggregated statistics concerning use of our site or use of certain features on our site which are shared with other sites ( eg buttons or widgets linking to our site ) .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that these third parties may use and the information practices of these advertisers and technology companies are not covered by this policy .
If you would like more information about some of these practices and to know your choices about preventing this information being used by certain of these companies , please click here .
Furthermore , information collected from our users by third parties providing goods or services ( including advertisements ) at or via our websites may be shared by those third parties with us and stored by us for the purposes stated in this policy .
Be very careful before making or posting any communications on our websites .
Certain information is visible to other players of the game including : public and private chat communications , the appearance of your characters and your experience points .
Players who include you on their friends list can see which in-game world you are playing on .
We may share Game Data with third parties , such as survey and data analysis companies , to help improve the products and services we offer to our players and improve the player experience .
`` Game Data '' includes , but is not limited to , communications posted on Jagex Products and player communications .
Game Data may contain Personally Identifiable Information .
If you have agreed on our websites , we may provide your email address to our business partners so that they can send you emails with details of goods or services which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or promotions .
Safeguarding your Personally Identifiable Information
We will only collect Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we believe it reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes , and will protect it using the same level of safeguards we use to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of our own equivalent proprietary information .
In addition , we will take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer any Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this policy will agree to provide sufficient protection .
Note that while we strive to protect all our Personally Identifiable Information , we have all heard of data breaches in well-respected financial and governmental institutions and we can not ever fully guarantee that such breaches will not happen .
We will inform you of any material data breaches that we discover that may compromise your Personally Identifiable Information .
Jagex 's privacy practices in relation to children
We do not knowingly collect or store any Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13 .
If a Jagex Product allows under 13s to create an account , Jagex will only collect information than is reasonably necessary for participation in the Jagex Product , such as a user-name , password and a parent or guardian 's email address .
If we become aware that we hold or have inadvertently disclosed any Personally Identifiable Information for any player aged under 13 ( other than an irreversible hash of an email address username in a non-retrievable form ) , it will be deleted from our system to ensure the protection of the child 's privacy .
Jagex will not require a user under 13 to provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to use Jagex forums or messaging features within Jagex Products .
In addition , we enable users of Jagex Products to chat online through our products , but we take measures so that users under 13 can not communicate personal information through this chat function .
These measures include filters and post-submission moderation .
Nonetheless , if you use the chat function within a Jagex Product and disclose Personally Identifiable Information , you should be aware that such information could be read , collected or used by other users .
We strongly encourage you not to disclose Personally Identifiable Information ( such as real name , email address , telephone number , etc . ) about you or about any third party .
Jagex is not responsible for the use of Personally Identifiable Information you choose to submit through Jagex Products .
If a Jagex Product asks you for your email address as your username and you are under 13 , we will not store the email address .
Instead the email address will automatically create an encrypted record on our system ( known as a hash ) , which can not be used by us to re-create the email address .
Next time you login , you will be asked for your email address as your username .
This will then automatically create a new hash which will then be compared against our existing records in order to allow you to log you in .
We will not store your email address in any form that can be used to contact you , although you may be asked to provide your parent 's email address .
On top of what we state above , we also have a number of provisions regarding the Personally Identifiable Information of children .
These are that a parent/guardian has the right to review the information the site has collected from their child , have their child 's Personally Identifiable Information deleted from the site and also request us to stop collecting further Personally Identifiable Information from their child in the future .
This can be done through either faxing or posting us an affidavit , along with a copy of your passport or driving license , to the fax number or address below :
UK : 0844 588 6690
USA , Canada : 01144 844 588 6690
Australia : 001144 844 588 6690
Rest of the world : 0044 844 588 6690
St. John 's Innovation Centre
Phone number : 0844 588 8880
The affidavit has to be signed by and in the presence of 'notary public ' .
This is someone who is qualified and has the legal authority , to administer oaths .
Upon receipt of this , we will be able to action your request .
Specifically , the affidavit must state :
You are the custodial parent ;
Your e-mail address ;
Confirmation that your child is under the age of 18 ;
The correct spelling of your child 's username for the relevant Jagex Product ;
Whether you wish to have the right to review the information the site has collected from your child , have your child 's Personally Identifiable Information deleted from the site and/or request us to stop collecting further Personally Identifiable Information from your child in the future .
If you are submitting an affidavit for a child that is under 13 years of age , then please do not include any of their Personally Identifiable Information .
If you do include any Personally Identifiable Information of the child , your submission is your express consent for Jagex to receive and store the Personally Identifiable Information as reasonably necessary to fulfil your request .
Review , correction and deletion of information from our records
If for data protection purposes you are concerned that the Personally Identifiable Information which we hold about you is not accurate , or should you wish to have your Personally Identifiable Information removed from our records , please see our Data Protection Policy below .

Japan Airlines Co. , Ltd. , Japan Transocean Air Co. , Ltd. , JAL Express Co. , Ltd. , J-Air Co. , Ltd. , Japan Air Commuter Co. , Ltd. , and Ryuku Air Commuter Co. , Ltd. ( hereinafter `` JAL Group Airlines '' ) shall handle and protect the customers ' personal information in accordance with the `` Act on the Protection of Personal Information '' of Japan and `` JAL Group 's Basic Policies on Information Security and the Protection of Personal Information . ''
Obtaining Personal Information and Purpose of Use
JAL Group Airlines shall acquire the customers ' personal information through appropriate and fair means and use it for the purposes below .
( 1 ) To provide air transportation services ( Reservations , sales , check-in , airport handling , cabin services , etc .
Including cases of interline transportations , joint operations , code-sharing , contract operations , etc . in addition to normal transportation services )
( 2 ) To provide services relating to JAL Mileage Bank ( hereinafter `` JMB '' )
( 3 ) To provide other products and services
( 4 ) To provide information and communications ; to conduct questionnaires relating to products , services , various events , campaigns , and such
( 5 ) To conduct sales analysis , investigations and research ; to develop new services and products
( 6 ) To conduct operations relating to 1-5 above ; to respond to inquires , etc .
Management and Protection of Personal Information
JAL Group Airlines shall appropriately manage and protect the customers ' personal information , in accordance with `` JAL Group 's Basic Policies on Information Security and the Protection of Personal Information . ''
Provision of Personal Data to a Third Party
JAL Group Airlines shall not disclose or provide the customers ' personal data to a third party , except in cases described below .
The provision of personal information to service providers and the joint use of personal information shall be implemented in accordance with Articles 4. and 5 .
( 1 ) Cases in which the customer personally gives his/her consent
( 2 ) Cases in which the provision of personal data is based on laws
( 3 ) Cases in which the provision of personal data is necessary for the protection of the life , body , or property of an individual and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
( 4 ) Cases in which the provision of personal data is specially necessary for improving public hygiene or promoting the sound growth of children and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person
( 5 ) Cases in which the provision of personal data is necessary for cooperating with a state institution , a local public body , or an individual or entity entrusted by one in executing the operations prescribed by laws and in which obtaining the consent of the person might impede the execution of the operations concerned
Provision of Personal Information to Service Providers and Relevant Management
JAL Group Airlines may entrust the handling of personal information , within the scope required to achieve the purpose of use , to a third party other than the company itself .
In this case , the JAL Group Airlines shall conduct appropriate management and supervision in accordance with item 6 of `` JAL Group 's Basic Policies on Information Security and the Protection of Personal Information . ''
Joint Use of Personal Information
JAL Group Airlines shall jointly use the customers ' personal information as follows .
Purpose of joint use
To provide air transportation services ; to provide services closely related to air travel such as tours , hotels and baggage home delivery ; to accumulate mileage and manage mileage awards ; to provide information , e.g . sales promotion materials including those of partner companies , questionnaires , product development , ; and to conduct other operations relating to those
Data to be used jointly
Membership number , customer 's name , birthday , gender , address , TEL/FAX numbers , e-mail address , information on employment ( company name , department , job title , address , TEL/FAX numbers ) , mailing address of items sent to customers , e.g . ticket , itinerary , type of member 's card , member 's service qualifications , membership region , accumulated mileage , reservations/boarding information , need for arrangement of wheelchair , etc .
JAL Group Airlines ( *1 ) , JALCard , Jalpak , JAL Hotels , JAL ABC , and JAL Sales companies
*1 JAL Group Airlines are Japan Airlines Co. , Ltd. , Japan Transocean Air Co. , Ltd. , JAL Express Co. , Ltd. , J-AIR Co. , Ltd. , Japan Air Commuter Co. , Ltd. , and Ryukyu Air Commuter Co. , Ltd .
Administrator of personal information
Japan Airlines Co. , Ltd .
Request for Disclosure , etc . and Inquiries
( 1 ) `` Notification of purpose of use , '' `` Disclosure , '' `` Correction , etc . ''
`` Stopping the use , etc . '' of retained personal data
We will respond to requests by a customer or his/her representative as follows in accordance with the `` Act on the Protection of Personal Information '' of Japan .
Notification of purpose of use
We will notify the purpose of use of such retained personal data as may lead to the identification of the person concerned .
However , in the following cases , we may reject a request , in whole or in part , and give the reason why .
[ 1 ] Cases in which notifying the person of the purpose of use or publicly announcing it might harm the life , body , property , or other rights or interests of the person or a third party
[ 2 ] Cases in which notifying the person of the purpose of use or publicly announcing it might harm the rights or legitimate interests of the JAL Group Airlines
[ 3 ] Cases in which it is necessary to cooperate with a state institution or a local public body in executing the operations prescribed by laws and in which notifying the person of the Purpose of Use or publicly announcing it might impede the execution of the operations concerned
We will disclose such retained personal data as may lead to the identification of the person concerned .
( When the retained personal data does not exist , we will respond accordingly . )
However , in the following cases , we may reject a request , in whole or in part , and give the reason why .
[ 1 ] Cases in which disclosure might harm the life , body , property , or other rights or interests of the person or a third party
[ 2 ] Cases in which disclosure might seriously impede the proper execution of the business of the entity concerned handling personal information
[ 3 ] Cases in which disclosure violates other laws
Correction , etc .
When requested by a person to correct , add , or delete such retained personal data as may lead to the identification of the person concerned on the ground that the retained personal data is contrary to the fact ( hereinafter `` Correction , etc . `` ) , we will , except in cases in which special procedures are prescribed by any other laws for such correction , addition , or deletion , make a necessary investigation .
As a result , when we have corrected , added , or deleted all or part of the retained personal data as requested , we will notify the effect without delay .
When we have decided not to make such correction , addition , or deletion , we will notify and give the reason without delay .
Stopping the use , etc .
When requested to stop using , erase or stop providing to a third party such retained personal data as may lead to the identification of the person concerned ( hereinafter `` Stopping the use , etc . `` ) , and where it is found that the request has a reason , we will stop using , erase or stop providing to a third party the retained personal data concerned without delay to the extent necessary for redressing the violation .
However , if it costs a great deal or otherwise difficult to stop using or to erase the retained personal data concerned , we may take necessary alternative measures to protect the rights and interests of the person .
When we have stopped using , erased or stopped providing to a third party all or part of the retained personal data as requested , we will notify without delay .
When we have decided not to stop using , not to erase or not to stop providing a third party the retained personal data , we will notify and give the reason without delay .

Privacy Policy and Personal Data
In order to provide you with the full range of services on the Site , we are sometimes required to collect information about you .
We will use any personal information collected from the Site in accordance with all laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( as may be amended ) ( the `` Data Protection Act '' ) .
Personal information you are asked to supply during your use of the Site including that you supply voluntarily as part of the registration process and any other information relating to your Contributions ( `` Your Data '' ) , will be used by us , our group companies , service providers and other organisations and by subcontractors , employees , agents and advisors ( including legal advisors ) as follows : ( i ) to administer your Membership ; ( ii ) in making decisions about whether any Contributions you seek to upload onto the Site should be accepted , rejected or used ; ( iii ) for marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this ( see paragraph 10 below ) ; and/or ( iv ) as set out on the Site or the Terms .
In addition , we may at our discretion disclose this information to the police , regulatory bodies or any legal advisers in connection with any alleged criminal offence or suspected breach of the Terms by you or otherwise where required by law .
You may be requested to take part in promotional activity and we reserve the right to use your details , photographs and audio and/or visual recordings in any publicity .
Your Data supplied as part of your Membership profile will , unless we tell you otherwise , be able to be seen by other users of the Site so make sure you only provide information you are happy to be seen in this way .
You can control some of the information other users see using your `` profile '' page .
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy ( or where we agree otherwise with you e.g . in relation to contacting you for marketing ) , Your Data will be kept private and confidential , will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent and will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
By becoming a Member and/or using the Site you are agreeing to Your Data being used as set out in this Privacy Policy and in the Terms .
The information collected on the Site includes :
Users ' Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , which are automatically logged by our web server .
IP addresses are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet and are used by us to observe users ' interest in this Site ( number of visits , etc ) .
Cookies are very small text files saved to your computer or other device and used to track user navigation around a website .
Session cookies are also used to store information on which content , including advertisements , have been seen by a user .
Some areas of the Site also use persistent cookies which are permanently stored on the users ' computer .
We will use such cookies to identify unique users to the Site .
They are not cross-referenced with any other information such that an individual person could be identified .
Cookies also allow us to make our sites more user-friendly by , for example , allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site .
We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our internet business and communications .
We use the services of marketing companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the Site .
To do this , we may use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on the Site .
The type of information we collect includes content viewed , pages , site sections and videos .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
Although our marketing companies log the information coming from the Site on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used and the marketing companies do not have access to your personal data such that you can be personally identified .
The Site contains hyperlinks to websites owned and/or controlled by third parties who have their own privacy policies and we advise you to check them .
Advertisers may for example use cookies to track responses to their adverts .
We do not accept responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and you use them at your own risk .
Disabling/Enabling Cookies - users have the ability to accept or disable cookies by modifying the settings in their browser .
Disabling cookies however may mean that some functionality of the Site may be affected .
There are opportunities on the website to receive e-mail communications alerting you to news and offers from us as fully explained before you subscribe .
You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by replying to the email using the `` unsubscribe '' link .
We will not disclose voluntarily provided details to third parties or use your Data or Contributions in any other way other than set out in this Privacy Policy and the Terms without your prior consent .
If you are 16 or under , please get your parent or guardian 's consent beforehand whenever you provide personal information on the Site .
We will hold your Data and Contributions for as long as is necessary and reasonably required for the relevant service or purpose .
Jamie 's Food Revolution
Specifically in relation to Jamie 's Food Revolution campaign and the online petition , we will store the personal data you supply in the UK and will keep such personal data on file for as long as reasonably necessary for the petition .
We plan to share your details as part of the petition with the President and his team .
We will not use any personal details you give for marketing purposes unless you have specifically opted-in to any email communications during the petition process .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to register for The Food Revolution or any related campaigns on the websites or provide any personal information about yourself to us .
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
We strongly recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices .
We endeavour to keep your Data secure ; however , we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless it is due to our negligence or willful default .
You have the right to access your information held by us and , where necessary , to have it amended .
We may charge an administration fee of 10 and you will have to prove your identity .
Please address any requests here .
This privacy statement may change at any time , so you may want to check back occasionally when you send us personal information .
Last updated 19th January 2010 .
Jme Collection Security and Privacy Policy
Jme Collection Security and Privacy Policy
The Jme website is a secure website .
Every time you enter an area of the site that carries or requires sensitive information such as your credit card details , an icon resembling a padlock will appear at the bottom of your browser window .
This is an indication that the site is secure : We use the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) and Private Communications Technology security standards that are supported by Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 or later and other popular browsers .
SSL encodes your personal information and all your transactions are protected by the powerful SSL encryption technology .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name , address , phone number , identification number and password as it travels through the Internet , so that it can not be read by anyone other than the secure server .
The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information we may obtain about you .
By registering as a user of our services and by using the Jme website generally you agree to this use .
When you register and use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details .
We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise .
We will use this data to fulfill our agreement with you .
We may use information you provide or is obtained by us :
To register you with our website and to administer our website services ;
For assessment and analysis ( e.g . market , customer and product analysis ) to enable us to review , develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme .
We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology , for example , automatically selecting products or services , which we think will interest you from the information we have .
To provide you with our newsletter if you have opted-in to receive it .
We will always provide you with the option of un-subscribing within each newsletter sent or you can unsubscribe here
For the prevention and detection of fraud .
To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter .
We may give information about you to the following , who may use it for the same purposes as set out above :
To our employees and agents to administer any accounts , products and services provided to you by us now or in the future .
Agents who profile your data ( which can not identify you personally ) so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs .
We may also disclose your information
To anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you .
If we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so .
In order that we can monitor and improve the website , we may gather certain information about you when you use it , including details of your domain name and IP address , operating system , browser version and the web site you visited prior to our site .
New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us to deliver customised visitor experiences .
In particular , there is a technology called `` cookies '' , which may be used by us to provide you with customised information from our web site .
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then store it on your system .
Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements , to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our web site .
Cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly by , for example , allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site .
We use cookies so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our web site .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies .
You do not have to accept cookies , and you should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie .
This will give you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it .
We may supplement the information you provide to us with information we receive from third parties .
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal details .
However , we can not guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line .
You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or willful default .
You have the right to see personal data ( as defined in the Data Protection Act ) we keep about you , upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee .
If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us .
Please note that any products and services are supplied subject to our standard terms and conditions .
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy , please contact us .

J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc .
Privacy Policy ( rev .
The following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for jcp retail stores and jcp.com
See `` Changes To This Policy '' for a description of the most recent revisions .
at jcpenney your privacy is a priority
We value the trust you place in jcpenney .
Accordingly , we want you to understand what information we collect about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it .
the information we collect
using the information we collect
information we share with others
safeguarding the Information we collect
your choices regarding the use of information we collect
sharing with other companies
notice to California residents your California privacy rights
updating your jcpenney contact information
your jcpenney credit card account
our use of cookies and web beacons
links to other sites
changes to this policy
the information we collect
Whenever you shop in our stores , or at jcp.com , we obtain from you the information we need to complete your transaction .
This information may include your name , address , telephone number , driver 's license number , birth date , and email address .
If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check , it will include your account number .
If you register with jcp.com or sign up to receive mobile or email updates from jcpenney , we will collect the information you submit .
If you choose to use or participate in one of our various services , promotions , programs , surveys , sweepstakes or clubs , we may collect additional information about you .
From your transactions and other interactions with us , we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use .
We may also obtain information about other people from you .
For example , if you order a gift to be delivered directly to a friend , you would need to give us the friend 's name and address .
We receive information from other companies .
For example , if you have a jcpenney credit card , we receive application and account information from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , the company that owns and administers jcpenney credit accounts ( see the `` your jcpenney credit account '' section of this policy for additional information ) .
We also collect consumer information from third-party providers in order to improve the accuracy of our customer database or increase our understanding of our customers .
For example , we get updated addresses from the National Change of Address ( NCOA ) service , licensed by the U.S . Postal Service , to assist us in having the correct addresses for our customers .
We work with certain websites to present advertising to known groups of our customers when they visit those websites .
This practice , referred to as `` data matching '' is facilitated by a third-party service provider for jcpenney and the advertising website .
This practice avoids direct sharing of any personal data with the advertising website .
Data received back through this process is used to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising to groups of customers .
using the information we collect
We use the information we collect for various purposes , including :
completing your purchase transactions
providing the services you request
contacting you about the status of your store or jcp.com orders
responding to your customer service inquiries or requests
notifying you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased
helping to protect against fraudulent use of your personal information
sending you direct mail offerings
sending you email communications
administering customer recognition programs , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions
identifying your product and service preferences , so that you can be informed of new or additional products , services , and promotions that might be of interest to you
providing mobile marketing and service messages when requested
inviting you to participate in surveys
improving merchandise selections , customer service , and the overall customer shopping experience
information we share with others
jcp family : We share information we collect with affiliated companies and licensees ( like the optical and photography departments in jcpenney retail stores ) within the jcp family of businesses .
service providers : We provide information to other companies that provide support services that help us bring you the products and services we offer , market our products and services , or process your transactions .
For instance we share information with our international fulfillment service provider , FiftyOne , for the purpose of facilitating the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally .
We also provide information to GECRB and other service providers in connection with the jcpenney credit programs .
third-party offers : We provide information to responsible outside companies .
These carefully selected companies may use the information we share to let you know about their products or services , which may include providing special offers to you .
promotion sponsors : If you enter a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion sponsored or co-sponsored by a third-party company , we may forward information about you to that company .
others : On rare occasions , we may be required to disclose the information we collect pursuant to lawful requests , such as subpoenas or court orders , or in compliance with applicable laws .
We may also disclose that information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights , interests and property of jcpenney or others , and to protect the safety of customers , associates or others .
This may include sharing information with other companies , attorneys , credit bureaus , agents or governmental agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection .
Also , if the ownership of all or part of a business within the jcp family were to change , information about customers pertinent to that business 's operations would likely be transferred to , or licensed for use by , the new owner .
The applicable member of the jcp family might also retain a copy of that information .
safeguarding the information we collect
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , protecting your personal information is important to us .
We have appropriate physical , technical and procedural safeguards in place to secure the personal information we collect from you .
We limit the information we provide to outside companies to only information we believe is appropriate to enable them to carry out their responsibilities under our contracts or to offer you their products and services .
We contractually require that they have appropriate information security safeguards , and that the information provided be used only for the specifically authorized purpose .
your choices regarding the use of the information we collect
If you do not want to receive promotional mail ( postcards , etc . ) from jcpenney , you may :
write to us at J.C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX . 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations
call us at 1.800.322.1189
If you are currently receiving promotional email offers and updates from jcpenney , you may unsubscribe at any time .
You can click on the hyperlink shown in jcp.com email offers and follow the instructions .
If you have registered on jcp.com , you can cancel your email subscription by accessing jcp.com , then :
Click on my account
Click on email + mobile preferences
Check no to `` Would you like to receive email offers ?
You may also write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations ,
call us at 1.800.322.1189
Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email offers and updates , we may still contact you by email for transactional purposes .
Some examples are communications regarding your order status , jcp rewards if you are a member , customer service inquiries , service or reminder notices , and recalls .
If you are currently receiving marketing text messages from jcpenney , you may tell us to stop sending them by using the opt-out functionality contained in the next marketing text message you receive .
After we receive your opt-out , we will send you a final text message to confirm the opt-out .
sharing with other companies
If you prefer that we :
NOT share information about you with any of the companies outside the jcp family that we have authorized to contact you regarding their products or services , or
NOT share your jcpenney credit account history information with affiliated companies within the jcp family
Please let us know by :
writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations ,
calling us at 1.800.322.1189
notice to California residents - your California privacy rights
Under California law , a California resident with whom jcpenney has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information jcpenney has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , and the identities of those third parties , within the immediately preceding calendar year , subject to certain exceptions .
All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to : J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301 .
Attention : Corporate Customer Relations .
This same California law permits jcpenney to provide you , in response to your written request , with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information .
You may exercise that choice by any of the means described under sharing with other companies .
updating your jcpenney contact information
You can update or correct your name , address , telephone number , or email address by :
writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations
calling us at 1.800.322.1189 or
your jcpenney credit card account
If you have an account under one of the JCPenney Credit programs from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , a separate privacy policy applies to each program .
The privacy policy describes GECRB 's collection , use , and protection of information about you and your JCPenney Credit account .
To obtain GECRB 's privacy policy for your JCPenney Credit account , you may :
click here to view GECRB 's privacy policies in connection with JCPenney Credit programs
write to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O .
Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 , or ,
call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )
You can update or correct your name , address , or telephone number for your JCPenney Credit account , or check the status of your account by :
click here to access your jcpenney credit account information on-line
writing to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O .
Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007
call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , US Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )
additional information about jcp.com
Secure Socket Layering ( SSL ) technology is used to encrypt your credit or debit card information , including the account number , while it is transmitted over the Internet from your computer .
SSL is an industry standard technology for secure online transactions .
If unauthorized charges ( as determined by your card issuer ) are made on your credit or debit card as a result of purchases made on jcp.com utilizing our secure servers , jcpenney will reimburse you for up to $ 50 of any amounts you are required to pay by the card issuer .
Also , under the Fair Credit Billing Act , your credit card provider can not hold you liable for more than $ 50 of unauthorized charges on a credit card .
Your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher , but many debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $ 50 limit to their cards as well .
Remember : In the event of unauthorized use of your credit or debit card , you must promptly notify the card issuer pursuant to its reporting rules and procedures .
our use of cookies and web beacon technologies
cookies- We or our service providers use `` cookies '' to collect and analyze information about your browsing and buying activity on our site .
A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer .
When you arrive at jcp.com , cookies allow us to recognize you by an identification number in the cookie with the information that you as a customer have provided us .
If you register with us at jcp.com , your e-mail address is saved in your cookie .
We do not store your name ( unless it is part of your email address ) , street address or credit card number in your cookie .
Cookies allow us and our service providers to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our site .
Knowing how you prefer to shop allows us to improve your shopping experience and speed your checkout process .
Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice .
If you use the privacy settings on your web browser to disable cookies , you can still browse jcp.com , but you may not have as exceptional a shopping experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs .
However , if you block cookies you will not be able to make a purchase on jcp.com .
web beacons - A web beacon ( also called a pixel tag or a clear gif ) is a tiny graphic image placed on web site pages or in our emails that allows us to determine whether you have performed specific actions .
When you access those pages or open email messages , the web beacons generate a notice of that action to us , or our service providers .
We use that information to analyze what our visitors like to do on our site and the effectiveness of our features and advertising , as well as interactions with our e-mail advertising .
jcpenney uses service providers to assist in the collection and analysis of this information .
The service providers that assist us with our e-mail advertising may access your e-mail address through these web beacons in connection with the services they perform for us .
For example , they may look to see if you received an email message from us prior to making a purchase on jcp.com .
Our contracts with our service providers require them to limit their use of such information to the purposes authorized by us .
coremetrics Coremetrics furnishes services to jcpenney that assist in the collection and analysis of your browsing and buying activity on jcp.com .
To perform some of these analytical services , Coremetrics collects information from a cookie placed by jcp.com .
You may choose to opt-out from this data collection .
Your choices with respect to this data collection are set forth below .
The Anonymous Visitor setting will apply to you unless you choose to opt-out .
anonymous visitor setting allows Coremetrics to anonymously capture your basic site actions and to include the data in Coremetrics reporting .
All actions are grouped within metrics for all other anonymous visitors .
Anonymous visitors , click here .
Your data is not collected by Coremetrics data collection front-end servers , and consequently is not included in Coremetrics reporting .
To opt-out , click here .
cancel opt-out setting will again allow Coremetrics to capture all web actions , and includes the data collected in Coremetrics reporting .
To cancel opt-out , click here .
Click here to view your current coremetrics opt-out status
other web site analytics services - Google Analytics and Omniture provide services that analyze information regarding visits to certain portions of jcp.com that are operated for us by third parties , such as our Sports Fan Shop , Bali , and Levelor blinds and shades , and personalized jewelry pages .
They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information .
To learn more about Google Analytics ' privacy practices or to opt out of having information about your site visit sent to Google Analytics , click here .
To learn more about Omniture 's privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting by Omniture , click here .
online behavioral advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements ( e.g . banners or links ) on our behalf on other web sites , and to perform tracking and reporting functions for jcpenney with respect to our advertisements .
These advertising companies use information about your visits to jcp.com and the web sites upon which we advertise to serve our advertising to you , including advertising targeted to your interests .
In the course of serving our advertisements to you , a unique third-party cookie may be placed on or recognized by your browser .
In addition , we may use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage our online advertising .
These web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits our site and to learn which advertising brings visitors to jcp.com .
We collect non-personal information about how users navigate through our web site .
We aggregate this information in order to improve our site , and we may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies .
This aggregated information does not include individual names or personal data , so it does not identify you or any other customer .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on our web site .
links to other sites
While visiting jcp.com , you may link to other web sites .
Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy .
When you provide personal information at one of those sites , you are subject to the site operator 's privacy policy , not the jcpenney privacy policy .
We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information .
jcpenney has contracted with Borderfree , Inc .
( Borderfree ) to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally ( an international order ) .
When you place an international order , you will submit personal information ( e.g . your name , email address , billing address , and shipping address ) and other order-related information to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States .
If you also choose to create a jcp.com account , any personal information you provide will also be transferred to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States .
Please note that United States law may not provide a level of data protection equivalent to the laws in your home country .
This privacy policy applies to any personal information you furnish jcpenney in connection with international orders , your jcp.com account or otherwise .
jcp will then share your international order information , including personal information about you , with Borderfree for the purpose of facilitating ordering and shipping internationally .
Borderfree will process personal information about you in accordance with its privacy policy .
Borderfree has agreed not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international orders and shipments .
By placing an international order , you acknowledge and agree that jcp will transfer personal information about you to Borderfree , and acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree .
During the checkout process , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions and privacy policy .
You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once your order is approved , jcpenney will ship it to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product ( s ) you ordered from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities and arrange for the product ( s ) to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
Customers shipping internationally who wish to :
Inquire about or update their personal information ,
Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information , or
Comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy ,
changes to this policy
This policy was last updated August 22 , 2012
Updated the instructions for opting out of mobile marketing messages
Added information with respect to `` international customer privacy ''
We may change our privacy policy from time to time .
When considering any change , your privacy will remain a priority .
If we change our privacy policy in the future , we will let you know by posting the updated policy at this website .
We encourage you to check our policy periodically .
You can tell if it has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the beginning of the policy .
If you would like further information , or have any questions about our privacy policy :
please write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10001 , Dallas , TX . 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations
call us at 1.800.322.1189

Last Updated : August 30 , 2013
This Privacy Policy describes how J.Crew Group , Inc. and our brands and subsidiaries ( including but not limited to J.Crew , crewcuts , Factory and Madewell ) ( collectively , `` J.Crew , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) collect , use and share information about you .
This policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites , shop in our stores or otherwise interact with us as described below .
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make changes , we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy , and in some cases , we may provide you with additional notice ( such as adding a statement to the homepages of our websites or sending you an email notification ) .
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy .
information you provide to us
We collect information you provide directly to us .
For example , we collect information when you use our websites , shop in our stores , call us on the phone , create an online account , sign up to receive our emails , request a catalog , participate in a sweepstakes , contest , promotion or survey , communicate with us via third party social media sites , request customer support , apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us .
The types of information we may collect include your name , email address , zip code , billing address , shipping address , phone number , payment card information , product preferences , demographic information and any other information you choose to provide .
In some cases , we may also collect information you provide about others , such as when you purchase a gift card for someone and request that we deliver it electronically , create and share a `` wish list '' or decide to purchase and ship products to someone .
We will use this information to fulfill your requests and will not send marketing communications to your contacts unless they separately opt in to receive communications from us .
information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use our websites or transact business with us , including :
Log Information : We collect information about your use of our websites , such as the type of browser you use , access times , pages viewed , your IP address and the referring link through which you accessed our websites .
Transaction Information : When you purchase or return a product , we collect information about the transaction , such as product details and the date and location of the purchase/return .
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies : We may use cookies , web beacons ( also known as `` tracking pixels '' ) and other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our websites or emails , including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior .
We may combine this information with other information we collect about you and use it for various purposes , such as improving our websites and your online experience , understanding which areas and features of our sites are popular , counting visits , understanding campaign effectiveness , tailoring our communications with you , determining whether an email has been opened and links within the email have been clicked and for other internal business purposes .
For more information about cookies and how to disable them , please see Your Choices .
information we collect from our partners and other sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you .
For example , we collect information from the U.S . Postal Service 's national change of address database to verify and update mailing addresses .
In addition , if you apply for a J.Crew credit card , we obtain limited information about you from the partner that manages our co-brand credit card program .
We may use information about you for various purposes , including to :
Facilitate and improve your in-store and online shopping experience ;
Provide the products and services you request , process transactions and send you related information , including confirmations and receipts ;
Respond to your comments , questions and requests and provide customer service ;
Communicate with you about products , services , offers , promotions , rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you ( for information about how to manage these communications , please see Your Choices
Manage your online account ( s ) and send you technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;
Personalize your online experience and provide advertisements , content or features that match your profile and interests ;
Monitor and analyze trends , usage and activities ;
Process and deliver contest , promotion and sweepstakes entries and rewards ;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law .
By accessing or using our websites or otherwise providing information to us , you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries .
We may share information about you as follows :
With vendors , consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf ;
With our business partners and other third parties for purposes of sending their own direct mail , unless you opt out of this type of sharing by logging into your online account and changing your preferences or by contacting us
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law , regulation or legal process , or as otherwise required by any applicable law , rule or regulation ;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies , or to protect the rights , property and safety of us or any third party ;
In connection with , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , financing or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company ; and
With your consent or at your direction .
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information , which can not reasonably be used to identify you .
Advertising & Analytics Services
We engage third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services .
These entities may use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our websites , such as your IP address , web browser , pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked and conversion information .
This information may be used by us and others to , among other things , analyze and track data , determine the popularity of certain content , deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our websites and other websites and better understand your online activity .
We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on other websites or platforms .
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss , theft , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
We do not sell products for purchase by children and all children 's products we sell are for purchase by adults only .
You may update , correct or delete your online account information at any time by logging into your account and navigating to the `` My Account '' page or by contacting us .
You can also contact us if you wish to deactivate your online account , but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time .
You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by doing the following :
To opt out of direct mail ( such as catalogs and post cards ) : Log into your online account and adjust your settings under the `` Catalog Preferences '' page or contact us .
To opt out of promotional emails and text messages : Follow the instructions provided in those communications or contact us .
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications , we may continue to send you non-promotional emails , such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies , but note that doing so does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our websites .
In addition , many web browsers support Do Not Track technology .
If you enable Do Not Track , we will stop collecting information that allows us to tailor your online experience .
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites .
your california privacy rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
Under the law , a business must either provide this information or permit California residents to opt in to , or opt out of , this type of sharing .
J.Crew permits California residents to opt out of having their information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
To opt out , please log into your online account and change your settings under the `` Catalog Preferences '' page or contact us .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at :
Lynchburg , VA 24513-1001
Phone : ( 800 ) 562-0258
Fax : ( 434 ) 385-5750

Privacy Policy Information for JobDiagnosis
JobDiagnosis.com has millions of jobs so use this Privacy Policy for any help .
Effective Date : 02/13/2013
The following Company privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) is designed to inform you , as a user of the Website , about the types of information that we may gather about or collect from you in connection with your use of the Website .
It also is intended to explain the conditions under which we uses and discloses that information , and your rights in relation to that information .
Changes to this Privacy Policy are discussed at the end of this document .
Each time you use the Website , however , the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply .
Accordingly , each time you use the Website you should check the date of this Privacy Policy ( which appears at the beginning of this document ) and review any changes since the last time you used the Website .
Our Website is hosted in the United States of America and is subject to U.S. state and federal law .
If you are accessing our Website from other jurisdictions , please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States , and by using our Website , you consent to that transfer and to abide by the applicable laws of applicable states and U.S. federal law concerning your use of the Website and your agreements with us .
Any persons accessing our Website from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet , including personal data collection , use and disclosure different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the Website in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction .
If your use of our Website would be unlawful in your jurisdiction , please do not use the Website .
VHMnetwork LLC , has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at :
Greenwich , CT 06830
Fax : [ 212-430-6360 ]
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
BY REGISTERING WITH OR USING THE WEBSITE , YOU CONSENT TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As used in this Privacy Policy , Non-Personally-Identifying Information is information that , without the aid of additional information , can not be directly associated with a specific person .
Personally-Identifying Information , by contrast , is information such as a name or email address that , without more , can be directly associated with a specific person .
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
COLLECTION , USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
As defined above , Personally-Identifying Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person .
We collect a range of Personally-Identifying Information from and about Website users .
Much of the Personally-Identifying Information collected by us about users is information provided by users themselves at the time they sign up to use the Company Services .
That information may include each user 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
We also may request information about your interests and activities , your gender , hometown and other demographic information or your username , and other relevant information as determined by us from time to time .
Users of the Website are under no obligation to provide us with Personally-Identifying Information of any kind , with the caveat that a user 's refusal to do so may prevent the user from using certain Website features .
By providing a telephone number users agree and specifically thereby request that we , our partners , associates and/or certain approved third parties may contact you via such telephone number whether or not such number may be included in any State , Federal or other Do Not Call Registry .
During the registration process you will be directed through a number of third party websites displaying advertisements for that may be of interest to you .
If you select `` Yes '' on any of these advertisements or choose to complete the forms provided , you will be asked to submit Personally-Identifying Information .
In all cases , when you click on the submit button we will securely transfer your personal information to the third-party advertiser you selected .
We will not use the information that you submit for transfer to a third-party advertiser for our own purposes ; nor will we retain or disclose it .
You may be prompted by some advertisers to answer additional questions .
These pages may be `` co-branded '' or `` framed . ''
This means that they may appear to be part of our Website because they have a JobDiagnosis.com look and feel , but they are , in fact , part of the advertiser 's site .
All framed pages contain the following disclaimer at the bottom of the page : `` *By submitting the form above I agree to provide this information to the advertiser and to be contacted by this advertiser directly . ''
On these framed pages , we do not collect any of the additional information you submit ; the advertiser does , and it does not share this information with us .
The advertiser uses your information to deliver additional information to you about its particular product or service and perhaps for other purposes .
Its collection and use of your information is subject to its own privacy policy .
We and our affiliates may use your contact information to send you marketing communications via email , telephone , direct mail or otherwise regarding services or products offered by us and our partners that we think you may find valuable .
We may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the service .
Generally , you may opt out of such communications by following the instructions in emails for unsubscribing , by editing your account details and preferences , or by contacting us as provided below , though we reserve the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all marketing communications .
To no longer receive these service-related announcements you would have to deactivate your account by logging in and clicking the Cancel Account button the My Info tab .
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties .
By using the Company Services and accessing the Website , which are all provided as a free service , you consent to Company using and disclosing your Personally-Identifying Information under the following circumstances :
We may contact users about products and services that we believe may be of interest to users using all contact information that you provide to us .
We may also provide users ' email information , telephone numbers , mailing addresses , and other contact information to third parties ( including providers of direct marketing services and applications , including lookup and reference , data enhancement , suppression and validation , email marketing , and telemarketing ) , so that those third parties may directly contact users about additional products and services .
If a user wishes to opt out of receiving marketing materials from us or have their contact information provided to third parties at any time after registration , they may do so by going to their account settings or contacting us using the contact information found below .
Even after opting-out , a user may continue to receive marketing emails , telephone calls , direct mail from third parties to whom we have already has provided the user 's contact information .
Users will be responsible for directly contacting such third parties to request cessation of further marketing contacts .
Business Partners : When you make purchases or otherwise engage in promotions offered through our Website or our services , we may share Personally-Identifying Information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products , services , promotions , contests and/or sweepstakes .
When you elect to engage in a particular merchant 's offer or program , you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant .
We do not request or collect sensitive financial or sensitive information such as your credit card number , bank account information or social security number in order to register with our Website .
Direct Mail Partners .
From time to time we may share our postal mailing list with selected providers of goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you prefer not to receive mailings from these providers , you may opt out by going to your account settings or contacting us as provided below .
Third Party Service Providers .
We may share your Personally-Identifying Information , which may include your name and contact information ( including email address ) with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include fulfilling orders , providing customer service and marketing assistance , performing business and sales analysis , supporting our website functionality , and supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our Website .
By Law or to Protect Rights .
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our Company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements or policies , in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
Business Transfers ; Bankruptcy .
VHMnetwork LLC reserves the right to transfer all Personally-Identifying Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger , acquisition , or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of Company 's assets .
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court , the use and disclosure of all transferred Personally-Identifying Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
Changing Personally-Identifying Information ; Account Termination
You may at any time review , change , update or delete your Personally-Identifying Information through your account settings or by contacting us as provided below .
Upon your request , we will deactivate or delete your account and contact information from our active databases .
Such information will be deactivated or deleted as soon as practicable based on your account activity and accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law .
To make this request , please contact us as provided below .
We will retain in our files some personal information to prevent fraud , to troubleshoot problems , to assist with any investigations , to enforce our Terms of Use and to comply with legal requirements as is permitted by law .
We use the Personally-Identifiable Information in the file we maintain about you , and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Website to : deliver the products and services that you have requested , manage your account and provide you with customer support , communicate with you by email , postal mail , telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us , our affiliate companies or other third parties , develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Website and other sites , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , measure consumer interest in our services , reward you for the ads you watch , inform you of updates , customize your experience , detect and protect us against error , fraud and other criminal activity , enforce our Terms of Use , and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
At times , we may look across multiple users to identify problems .
In particular , we may examine your Personally-Identifiable Information to identify users using multiple user IDs or aliases .
We may compare and review your Personally-Identifying Information for accuracy and to detect errors and omissions .
CONTESTS , GIVEAWAYS AND SURVEYS
From time to time , We may offer Website users the opportunity to participate in contests , giveaways and other promotions .
Any information submitted in connection with such activities will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
From time to time , We may also ask Website users to participate in surveys designed to help us improve the Website .
Any Personally-Identifying Information provided to us in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey , and will be disclosed to third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy only in non-personally-identifying , aggregated form .
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES GENERALLY
We contractually prohibit our contractors , affiliates , vendors and suppliers from disclosing Personally-Identifying Information received from us , other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Third parties are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy , however , with respect to Personally-Identifying Information that users provide directly to those third parties or that those third parties collect for themselves .
We neither own nor controls the third-party websites accessible through the Website .
Thus , this Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them .
Before visiting a third-party , whether by means of a link on the Website or otherwise , and before providing any Personally-Identifying Information to any third party , users should inform themselves of the privacy policies and practices ( if any ) of the third party responsible for that website , and should take those steps necessary to , in those users ' discretion , protect their privacy .
GATHERING , USE AND DISCLOSURE OF NON-PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Users of the Website Generally
Like most website operators , Company gathers from users of the Website Non-Personally-Identifying Information of the sort that Web browsers , depending on their settings , may make available .
That information includes the user 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , operating system and browser type , and the locations of the Web pages the user views right before arriving at , while navigating and immediately after leaving the Website .
We analyze Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from users of the Website to help us better understand how the Website is being used .
By identifying patterns and trends in usage , we are able to better design the Website to improve users ' experiences , both in terms of content and ease of use .
From time to time , we may also release the Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from Website users in the aggregate , such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website .
We may also periodically obtain both Personally-Identifying Information and Non-Personally-Identifying Information about you from other Company-affiliated businesses , business partners , contractors and other third parties and add it to our account information or other information we have collected .
Examples of information that we may receive include : updated address information , purchase history , and additional demographic information .
A Web Cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a user 's computer , and that the user 's browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the site .
We uses Web Cookies to track the pages that users visit during each Website session , both to help us improve users ' experiences and to help us understand how the Website is being used .
As with other Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from users of the Website , we analyze and disclose in aggregated form information gathered using Web Cookies , so as to help us , our partners and others better understand how the Website is being used .
We do not attempt to link information gathered using Web Cookies to Personally-Identifying Information .
COMPANY USERS WHO DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON THEIR COMPUTERS SHOULD SET THEIR BROWSERS TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE , WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES .
WEBSITE USERS WHO REFUSE WEB COOKIES ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY .
The use of cookies by our ad serving and analytics partners is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Our ad serving and analytics partners use session ID cookies to serve relevant ads and generate analytics reports that help us in improving our site .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website .
These companies may use information ( not including any Personally-Identifying Information ) about your visits to this and other websites that are contained in Web Cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Using a tool created by the Network Advertising Initiative , you can opt out of several third party ad servers ' and networks ' Web Cookies simultaneously .
Please contact us if you would like to know the identity of the third-party advertising companies we are currently using to serve ads .
A Web Beacon is an object that is embedded in a web page that is usually invisible to the user and allows website operators to check whether a user has viewed a particular web page .
We may use Web Beacons on the Website to count users who have visited particular pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Web Beacons are not used to access users ' Personally-Identifying Information ; they are a technique we may use to compile aggregated statistics about Website usage .
Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides .
You may not decline Web Beacons , however , they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis .
Aggregated and Non-Personal Information
We may share aggregated and Non-Personal Information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties and our affiliate companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Website and on websites of third parties .
We may combine Non-Personal Information we collect with additional Non-Personal Information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Website and the most popular features or services accessed .
This information does not contain any Personally-Identifying Information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
We take security of your Personally-Identifying Information seriously and use reasonable electronic , personnel , and physical measures to protect it from loss , theft , alteration , or misuse .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
However , please be advised that even the best security measures can not fully eliminate all risks .
VHMnetwork LLC , may , in its sole discretion , change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the `` Shine The Light '' law , permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to our privacy officer as listed below .
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy , please contact our privacy officer at :
Greenwich , CT 06830
Fax : [ 212-430-6360 ]

his web site is one of the family of web sites of Joomla ! /Open Source Matters .
Our postal address is :
PO Box 4668 # 88354
New York , New York 10163-4668
Our legal address is :
c/o Software Freedom Law Center
1995 Broadway , FL 17
New York , NY 10023-5882
The Joomla ! project and the legal entity Open Source Matters maintain a number of websites , including the joomla.org domain and subdomains , joomlacode.org and opensourcematters.org .
We are committed to maintaining your privacy as you use these sites .
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
On all of our sites , we use non-personally identifiable and aggregate information to better design our sites .
On all of our sites at which we collect personally identifiable information through the site registration process you can correct or modify that information by editing your user profile .
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site .
Privacy on specific Joomla ! sites
On some sites , including extensions.joomla.org , forums.joomla.org , docs.joomla.org , developer.joomla.org and joomlacode.org you will be asked to provide an email address when registering for an account .
If you register at forum.joomla.org you can choose whether to allow other forum members to contact you by email or private messaging and the type of personal information that is available using your user profile .
You can also opt to subscribe to specific forums or threads which means your email address will be used to send information when new posts are made .
All email from the forum site includes a link that allows you to opt out from continued subscription to that thread or forum .
Forum administrators may use your email address to contact you if necessary .
Your IP address may be used to identify duplicate user accounts ( which are forbidden under the forum rules ) .
Cookies are used to store visitors ' preferences and record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , such as indicating which threads you have read .
You may modify your information and preferences by editing your user profile .
If you register projects at joomlacode.org and extensions at extensions.joomla.org you agree to separate terms of service that allows us to contact you in reference to your project , extension or account .
If you register as a user at extensions.joomla.org your IP address may be used to identify possible abuse of the reviewing and rating system .
Should you choose to edit or create wiki pages at docs.joomla.org your identity is recorded and your username is viewable by those who look at the history of the pages you have worked on .
Your IP address may be used to identify possible abuse and may be blocked if abuse is detected .
On docs.joomla.org you can choose to allow other users to send you email .
This feature can be disabled in your user profile .
Wiki administrators may still use your email address to contact you if necessary .
Your email address is not revealed when sending or receiving messages in this way .
On joomlacode.org , we use aggregate IP information to help us understand the geographic distribution of those downloading Joomla ! and other packages .
Users who are logged in to Joomlacode.org who take specific actions such as submitting an issue to a tracker or downloading a release package have their identities recorded as part of the operation of Gforge .
When you register as a user on joomlacode.org or submit an issue to the tracker , your name , email address and any information you have provided during registration , and in the `` My Account '' page , is publicly viewable .
This is part of theGforge application that we can not modify .
We suggest that you only fill in the required name and email fields .
Your email address will be used to inform you of progress on the issue you submitted .
On any of the sites with commenting features your name , email address , and IP address will be recorded when you make a comment .
This information will not be published or shared with any third parties .
If you make a financial contribution to Joomla ! using the sites , your name , address and other information are collected , but your credit card information is never stored on our sites .
PayPal 's privacy policy may be viewed here .
Sharing of information with third parties
With the exception of the issues discussed in this paragraph we do not share your information with third parties .
On some sites , we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web sites .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Your information may be disclosed when we are legally required to by a US court order , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws , or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
None of of our websites are structured specifically to attract anyone under 13 .
However , we recognize that there are Joomla ! users and developers under age 13 who may register at one or more of our sites .
The privacy policies that apply to all site users also apply to those users under 13 .
From time to time , we may use user information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Web site periodically .

Caltech/JPL Web Privacy Policy and Important Notices
Unless otherwise noted , Web sites in the domain jpl.nasa.gov are managed by the California Institute of Technology in support of the missions and research programs that its Jet Propulsion Laboratory conducts for NASA .
This document describes Caltech/JPL 's policies on privacy , security , accessibility , linking and copyright .
Linking Policy and Disclaimer of Endorsement
This notice provides Caltech/JPL 's policy regarding the nature , purpose , use and sharing of any information collected via Web sites in the jpl.nasa.gov domain .
NASA 's privacy policy is located here .
The information you provide on a Caltech/JPL Web site will be used only for its intended purpose .
We will protect your information consistent with the principles of the Privacy Act , the e-Government act of 2002 , the Federal Records Act and , as applicable , the Freedom of Information Act .
This notice is posted pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 ( Cal Bus & Prof Code Sections 22575-22579 ) .
Changes to this notice may occur as necessary and will be noted here .
Submitting information is strictly voluntary .
By doing so , you are giving Caltech/JPL your permission to use the information for the intended purpose .
In addition , Caltech/JPL may also furnish this information to NASA at NASA 's request .
If you do not want to give Caltech/JPL permission to use your information , simply do not provide it .
However , not providing certain information may result in Caltech/JPL 's inability to provide you with the information or services you desire .
There are several types of information we collect .
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization ( Cookies )
Caltech/JPL never collects information for commercial marketing .
We will only share your information with a government agency if it relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
Caltech/JPL never creates individual profiles or gives your information to any private organization .
If you sign up to receive email information from JPL such as newsletters , mission bulletins or news releases , you will be asked to provide basic contact information such as your name , email address , email format preference ( HTML vs. text ) , state/province of residence and occupation .
In addition , from time to time you may be invited to participate in optional surveys about the information that JPL provides and your interests in space exploration .
This information is only used for the following purposes : ( a ) to help customize information for you that you will find most relevant ; and ( b ) to help us gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve our web site and information services .
We collect and temporarily store certain technical information about your visit for use in site management and security purposes .
This information includes :
The Internet domain from which you access our Web site ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from an educational domain ) ;
The IP address ( a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet ) from which you access our Web site ;
The type of browser ( e.g. , Netscape , Internet Explorer , Firefox ) used to access our site ;
The operating system ( Windows , Unix , Macintosh ) used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The URLs of the pages you visit ;
Your username , if it was used to log in to the Web site ; and
If you visited this Web site from another Web site , the URL of the forwarding site .
This information is only used to help us make our site more useful for you .
With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are retained temporarily as required for security and site management purposes only .
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization ( Cookies )
A cookie is a small file that a Web site transfers to your computer to allow it to remember specific information about your session while you are connected .
Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the Web site that provided it , and no other Web site can request it .
There are two types of cookies , session and persistent .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time .
Caltech/JPL Web sites may use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through the site , or to allow you to customize your preferences for interacting with the site .
A few Caltech/JPL Web sites may also make use of persistent cookies to remember you between visits so , for example , you can save your customized preference settings for future visits .
Each Caltech/JPL site using persistent cookies identifies itself as doing so .
At no time is your private information , whether stored in persistent cookies or elsewhere , shared with third parties who have no right to that information .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine , you can turn them off in your browser .
However , this may affect the functioning of some Caltech/JPL Web sites .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , through such methods as completing a form or sending us an email , we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information or services you have requested .
Remember that email is n't necessarily secure .
You should never send sensitive or personal information like your Social Security number in an email .
Use postal mail or secure Web sites instead .
Some of our Web sites ask visitors who request specific information to fill out a registration form .
Other information collected at Web sites through questionnaires , feedback forms or other means , enables us to determine visitors ' interests , with the goal of providing better service to our visitors .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) governs operators of Web sites directed toward children under 13 years old that collect information from the children , or operators who know that they collect information from children under the age of 13 .
Requirements include posting a notice stating the information collected and its intended use ; obtaining verifiable consent from a child 's parent or guardian before collecting , using or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13 ; and giving the parent or guardian the ability to review the submitted information and to prevent further collection or use of the information .
We collect no information about you or your child , other than that detailed in the previous section , when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide information to us .
When a Caltech/JPL Web site needs to collect information about a child under 13 years old , COPPA required information and instructions will be provided by the specific Web page that collects information about the child .
The Web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for , who will see it and how long it will be kept .
There are several exceptions that permit collection of a child 's personal information without receiving parental consent in advance :
Collecting the child 's name and parent 's name and email address to provide the parents with notice and to seek consent for communications with the child .
Collecting the child 's email address in order to respond to a one time request from a child .
Collecting the child 's email address to respond more than once to a child 's request ; i.e. , subscription to a newsletter , so long as the parent or guardian is notified after the first communication from the child to give the parent or guardian the opportunity to opt out of the information submitted by the child and cease communications from the Web site operator .
Collecting the child 's information in order to protect the safety of a child who is participating on the site ; i.e. , in a chat room .
The operator needs to give notice to the parent .
Collecting the child 's information for the sole purpose of protecting the Web site , take precautions against liability or to respond to law enforcement ; i.e. , in the case of a Web site compromise .
Personal information about a child under 13 years of age may be needed to respond to his/her communication to us , such as to receive a poster or to acquire information for a school project .
Personal information about your child will be destroyed immediately upon completion of its intended purpose .
On rare occasions , it may be determined that a communication from a child under 13 years old should be maintained for historical purposes .
Should such an occasion occur , Caltech/JPL will obtain the necessary consent from the child 's parent .
Finally , we provide many on-line tools and services in support of Caltech/JPL 's mission .
A child under 13 years old may inadvertently provide personal information to one of these services .
If this should happen , the information about the child will be deleted immediately upon discovery .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this Web service remains available to all users , this computer system employs software programs that monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , .
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity , such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on Caltech/JPL servers are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law , including under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 , and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 .
We continually strive to ensure the pages on this Web site are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act .
Documents on Caltech/JPL Web sites are presented in many formats .
These formats are generally accessible to users using screen reading software .
Some files on this Web site may be posted as Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format ( PDF ) files .
Adobe provides their Acrobat Reader software as a free download .
Linking Policy and Disclaimer of Endorsement
Caltech/JPL Web pages link to many Web sites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations .
Caltech/JPL provides links to these sites as a service to our users .
The presence of a link is not a Caltech/JPL endorsement of the site .
When users follow a link to an outside Web site , they are leaving Caltech/JPL and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside Web site ( s ) .
Caltech/JPL is not responsible for the privacy or information collection practices of non-Caltech/JPL sites .
JPL-authored documents are sponsored by NASA under Contract NAS7-030010 .
All documents available from this server may be protected under the U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws .
Permission to reproduce may be required .
For information on the use of images from JPL 's Web sites , please see our image use policy .
For information on possible copyright infringement , please visit Caltech 's `` Copyright Infringement '' page .

1.Privacy : In order to protect Your Privacy , The Jerusalem Post has set up this extensive Privacy Policy .
When You use Services , certain information is retained at The Jerusalem Post 's servers , as well as at 3rd Parties .
Such information may be stored in databases , conveyed to 3rd parties or used to provide You with better Service , all according to the following policy :
1.1What Information is stored ? The Jerusalem Post retains certain information you provide it when you browse its Services , as well as information tracked using automated means .
1.1.1Information You Provide Directly : The Jerusalem Post retains the following information when you register to its services , and may request , from time to time , additional information :
1.1.1.1Commenting : The Jerusalem Post retains the following information when You post any Contribution or comment through Service : Your Name , Email address and Country .
1.1.1.2Premium Service : The Jerusalem Post retains the following information when You sign up to The Jerusalem Post Premium Service : Your Full Name , Your Email address , Your Password for the Service , Your Title , Your Date of Birth , Your Residence , Your Phone Number , Your Social Security Number or ID Number , Your Credit Card and Payment Information .
1.1.1.3Newsletter : The Jerusalem Post retains the following information when You sign up to The Jerusalem Post 's newsletter : Your Name , Email address , Gender , Date of Birth , Country , State , Family Status , Income , Education , Religious Affiliation and Fields of Interest
1.1.2Information You Provide Indirectly : The Jerusalem Post may retain and store information you provide when browsing Services such as Your IP address , Your browser and operating system , Your session number , Your geolocation and other browsing information .
1.2Who Has Access to the Information ? Selected 3rd Parties who provide The Jerusalem Post with services have a unique access to specific information required in order to provide such services , and The Jerusalem Post may convey information to such parties in order to provide You with Service .
For example , The Jerusalem Post may use 3rd parties to send its Newsletter , display videos or other content and/or provide You with advertisements .
1.3How is the information collected ? Information is collected in two distinct ways , when You browse the site , a cookie is placed in Your browser ; a cookie is a small text file which may allow The Jerusalem Post to identify You personally and provide You with Services ; You also provide , when using Services , some information about Yourself to The Jerusalem Post .
Finally , the Jerusalem Post , either by itself or through 3rd parties , may collect Your browsing habits and browsing data .
1.4How is the information processed ? The information You provide with The Jerusalem Post shall be processed by it and by selected 3rd parties in order to provide You with the Services You requested ( such as The Jerusalem Post 's Newsletter ) , moreover , The Jerusalem Post may process Your information in order to include you in specific user groups or tiers and to provide you with personal solicitations .
1.53rd Party Services : In order to provide You with Services and to better understand what You and other users engage in Services , The Jerusalem Post retains and uses 3rd party services , such as Google , Facebook , CrazyEgg , Wibiya , DoubleClick and Conduit .
Each of these services has a unique and distinct privacy policy which You should read and inspect prior to using Services .
1.6What uses are made with the information ? The Jerusalem Post uses the information You provided in order to provide You with Services .
Moreover , in specific Services , Your Information is used in the following way :
1.6.1Premium : When You register to The Jerusalem Post 's Premium Service , The Jerusalem Post shall process Your credit card and retain it for that period and send you communications from time to time .
1.6.2Newsletter : When You register to The Jerusalem Post 's Newsletter , The Jerusalem Post shall send you , from time to time , personal or tiered solicitations and use Your information for direct marketing .
1.7Can You Review , Amend or Remove Information ? Yes , You may contact the Jerusalem Post at any time in regards to Your Personal Information , and after You provided the Jerusalem Post with sufficient evidence that You are the data-subject of the information , receive the option to either remove all Your personal information from The Jerusalem Post 's Servers or Amend it .
Please note that such removal or amendment may be a costly process , depending on the amount of personal information retained , and that The Jerusalem Post may charge fees for such service .

It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information .
ITHAKA is committed to protecting the privacy of users of its website and services , including users of JSTOR and JSTOR-branded services ( Current Scholarship Program , Individual Access , Publisher Sales Service ) and Portico ( collectively , `` ITHAKA Websites '' ) .
To better inform you of our policy concerning user privacy , we have adopted the following terms , which adhere to the Safe Harbor Principles issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce .
ITHAKA has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
The Information ITHAKA Collects
The personal information ITHAKA collects will depend on how you are using ITHAKA Websites .
To enable your access to the JSTOR and Portico services through your library or institution , we may collect information concerning the institution 's internet protocol address , your username and password , or other authentication methods , such as Shibboleth .
To facilitate your order through the Publisher Sales Service ( a service through the JSTOR archive that facilitates the purchase of articles from publishers ) , the Current Scholarship Program , and Individual Access , as well as your purchase of ITHAKA and its services ' brand merchandise , we collect your name , postal address , email address , credit card details , and transactional information .
In connection with your creation of a MyJSTOR account , we collect your name , email address , username , and password , as well as other information you may provide .
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using ( e.g. , Windows or Mac ) , and the domain name of your Internet service provider .
In addition , we may collect personally identifiable information through correspondence you send to us through optional surveys we may post on ITHAKA Websites , and in connection with statements you may post on any ITHAKA-related page on social networking sites .
Please note that in some instances , Ithaka S+R may be contracted to provide services to third parties which may involve collecting your personally identifiable information .
In such cases , the privacy policy governing the collection of your personally identifiable information shall be as set forth in such third parties ' privacy policies .
However , unless you provide us or organizations with which we conduct business with personally identifiable information , you remain anonymous to us other than by association with an internet protocol address or other authentication mechanism .
ITHAKA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 .
If it is discovered that we have collected PII from someone under 13 we will delete that information immediately .
Data Integrity ; Use of the Information
We use the personal information collected in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was intended to be used : to enable your use of ITHAKA Websites and ITHAKA 's services ; to facilitate the Publisher Sales Service ; to create your MyJSTOR account ; to facilitate your purchase of ITHAKA-branded merchandise ; to respond to your inquiries ; for system administration , customer support , and troubleshooting purposes ; and product service announcements ; for sending newsletters ; to improve the design of ITHAKA Websites ; to enable us to enforce our JSTOR Terms and Conditions of Use and the Portico Terms and Conditions of Use ; and in aggregate form , to track and analyze site usage .
Further , in connection with postings you may make that are available to the general public on any ITHAKA-related page on social networking sites , including but not limited to statements made on the JSTOR page on Facebook and on Twitter , we may use your name , statement , comment , and affiliation in conference presentations , JSTOR 's newsletters , and marketing and announcement materials .
ITHAKA will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use , accurate , complete , and current .
If you wish to opt out of our use of your personally identifiable information see the `` Your Consent ; Opting out '' section below
ITHAKA employs `` cookie '' technology .
Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on your computer and act as a tool for controlling certain system variables and storing system configuration information in the WWW environment .
ITHAKA uses cookies to store user preferences for viewing and printing and to store authentication information .
No personal information is extracted in the cookie setting process , and we do not use cookies to identify what other sites or pages you have visited .
We do however use certain tools to understand the flow of traffic to and from ITHAKA websites , for more information please see Use of Cookies .
Any use of advertisements in the operation of our site will not permit the placement of a cookie on your browser .
For further information , please see Use of Cookies .
Our service providers use cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site .
The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets such as the Email Citation function or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ( `` Features '' ) .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Onward Transfer of Information
ITHAKA may work with other organizations that provide specific services for us , such as credit card processing .
We will provide only the personal information necessary for the third party to provide these services for us .
These organizations may not use personal information except for the purpose of providing these services .
ITHAKA may also transfer personally identifiable information to third parties , such as applicable publishers , other content providers , and libraries , who can better assist with your inquiries , to facilitate order fulfillment for the Current Scholarship Program , and to enable them to inform users of services provided by ITHAKA and/or the third parties ' products and services that may be of interest .
We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate security measures .
ITHAKA does not sell or share personal information about or the purchasing history of individual users , except as set forth above and in the following circumstances :
if required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law or a legal proceeding ; to protect against violations of our Terms and Conditions of Use ; or to protect and defend our rights and property or the rights and property of rights holders whose content is made available through ITHAKA Websites ;
with service providers with whom we have entered into agreements to assist us with our business operations ;
if ITHAKA is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information ;
if you are accessing JSTOR through a token provided by your institution , on request from the institution solely for user verification purposes by the institution that provided the token ; and
other third parties , such as an institution with which you are affiliated , where you explicitly consent to our sharing your information .
In addition , ITHAKA shares general usage data in aggregated form so that no personal information is identifiable to participating institutions , content providers , researchers , and the general public .
ITHAKA will provide you all of your retained personal information provided at registration ( where applicable ) on request .
Your Consent ; Opting Out
By using ITHAKA Websites , you consent to the collection and use , in accordance with this policy , of the information you provide to us .
Please note that this may prevent you from accessing ITHAKA 's services , including JSTOR , MyJSTOR , and the Publisher Sales Service .
We protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure through the use of passwords , physical security measures , managerial measures , and ( in connection with credit card information for order sales through the Publisher Sales Service , Current Scholarship Program , Individual Access , and for purchase of ITHAKA and its services ' brand merchandise ) encryption .
We nonetheless recognize that third parties may obtain access to information through unlawful actions , and thus do not promise that your information always will remain private , despite our efforts and the importance we place on maintaining your privacy .
In addition , we do not claim any responsibility for information collected by or from websites linking to or from ITHAKA Websites .
In the event that we discover or are notified of a security breach where personal information is at risk , we will notify you electronically if we have your email address .
If you would like to review , delete or update your information , you may contact us using the contact information below .
We will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct , amend , or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate .
Please note , because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete or amend your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems .
You will need to provide sufficient identifying information , such as your name and email address and possible additional identifying information as a security precaution .
We may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access would be unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances , or as otherwise permitted by the Safe Harbor Principles .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you choose to use our referral service to send a citation to a friend , we will ask you for your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
ITHAKA stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
We engage in periodic self-assessment to ensure compliance with our Privacy Policy .
We verify that the policy is accurate , comprehensive for the information intended to be covered , prominently displayed , completely implemented , and in conformity with the Safe Harbor Principles .
We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns with us using the contact information below .
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy .
Any claim arising out of or relating to our adherence to the Safe Harbor Principles , or the breach thereof , that can not be resolved through our internal processes will be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its applicable commercial rules .
Any arbitrator will be either an attorney or retired judge having significant and recognized experience with and knowledge of privacy issues and information technology .
In addition , the exclusive location for such arbitration will be New York , New York .
All decisions of the arbitration panel will be final and binding on the parties , which waive any right to further appeal the arbitration award , to the extent an appeal may be lawfully waived .
As a not-for-profit organization , we are not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal Trade Commission , which oversees the implementation of Safe Harbor Principles ; however , we agree to adhere to the Safe Harbor Principles in recognition of their importance in ensuring the protection of user information .
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
151 East 61st Street
New York , New York 10065
Last updated on June 11 , 2013

Privacy Policy And Consumer Education
It is Buzznet 's policy to respect the privacy of Members .
We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection , use and disclosure of personal information we receive when you visit and use our website located at justjaredjr.buzznet.com ( the Site ) .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site , and when you access , download , purchase or use any information , services , products or content appearing on the Site .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes .
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , we will not disclose to any member 's name or contact information or Personal Information ( defined below ) .
Buzznet will also not monitor , edit , or disclose member 's information unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) cooperate with law enforcement authorities or comply with legal process served on Buzznet ; ( 2 ) to protect the property and rights of Buzznet or a third party ; or ( 3 ) to protect the safety of the public or any person ; ( 4 ) to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , illegal , unethical , inappropriate or legally actionable ; or ( 5 ) fix or debug problems with the Buzznet servers , software or service .
The Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age , and Buzznet requires users of its service to be 13 years of age or older .
Accordingly , Buzznet does not knowingly collect or maintain on its Site personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will delete such information from our files .
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask a parent or guardian for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet .
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you post or register to become a member of the Site and in the course of using the Site , you may voluntarily submit personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your account ( Personal Information ) .
Personal information may include , but is not limited to , your name , phone number and e-mail address .
Buzznet may also collect Personal Information from you if you choose to opt-in to participate in sweepstakes , surveys , contests or competitions .
When you register with the Site , you create your own profile and privacy settings .
Your profile information , as well as your name , e-mail and photo , are displayed to people you have specified in your privacy settings .
Profile information you submit to Buzznet , and make public via your privacy settings , will also be available to other Buzznet users via searching our Site , and may be available to third party search engines .
This is primarily so your friends can find you and the content you create and store on Buzznet .
We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your screen or user name to the extent that allows others to identify you .
As you use the Site , our servers automatically record information that the browser sends whenever it points to a Site or online service ( Log Data ) .
Log Data may include , but is not limited to , your computer 's Internet Protocol address , browser type , the web page you were visiting before you came to one of the Site and information you search for on a Site .
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is used for the following purposes : ( i ) to provide and improve our services , features and content ; ( ii ) to administer your use of our services and Buzznet account ; ( iii ) to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site ; ( iv ) to better understand your needs and interests ; ( v ) to fulfill requests you may make ; ( vi ) to personalize your experience ; ( vii ) to provide service announcements ; and ( viii ) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting , including newsletters , marketing or promotional materials and other information on Buzznet related services .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications .
Further , you may easily adjust your privacy and e-mail settings via your account settings at any time .
OTHER INFORMATION/LOGGING AND COOKIES
Like many websites , we use cookies to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use persistent cookies to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site .
We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of our service , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Site .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the services .
Buzznet also uses the services of a third party vendor , Omniture , to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the Site .
Although Omniture logs the information coming from our Site on our behalf , Buzznet controls how that data may and may not be used .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share Personal Information with third parties for purposes of administering sweepstakes and contests .
In addition to your username , any comments or submissions that you post to the Site will be publicly available .
You post and share your Personal Information and content on the Site at your own risk .
While we go to great lengths to create a safe and enjoyable experience on the Site , we can not control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your content and/or profile information .
In addition , we can not anticipate other users ' ability to circumvent privacy settings .
You understand that , even after removal of your Personal Information and content from the Site , copies of your information may remain viewable in cached or archived Web pages or on the local computers of users who may have downloaded or stored your information .
Even with all the appropriate precautions Buzznet takes to protect your information , we recommend you refrain from sending private information or Personal Information by e-mail , chat , or other messaging services .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that includes non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling , and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services .
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the our services , to provide the services on our behalf , to perform services related to administration of the Site ( including , without limitation , maintenance , hosting and database management services , web analytics and administration ) .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
Buzznet may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
If you choose to invite your friends to use Buzznet , using our invitation options , we will ask for information such as an e-mail address .
We will automatically send your friend ( s ) a one-time e-mail invitation to visit the Site .
Buzznet stores this information to send this one-time invitation , and to track the success of this referral feature .
CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
All Buzznet members may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by logging into their account and changing the user preferences associated with their account .
If you completely delete all such information , your account may be deactivated .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
Buzznet is concerned with safeguarding your information .
We employ a variety of industry-standard measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access .
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to Buzznet , please be advised that we transfer Personal Information to the United States and process it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
You may also contact us by mail at Buzznet.com , 6464 W. Sunset Blvd. , # 650 , Hollywood , California 90028 .

Personal information submitted on this Web site is used by Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York , Inc. , or its cooperating organizations solely for the purpose stated to the user at the time of submission .
Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York , Inc. does not give your personal information to anyone else unless it is necessary to do so in order to provide the service requested by the user and it has made a full disclosure to the user or it has good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations or to detect and prevent fraud , security , or technical issues .
Any personal information submitted will not be sold , traded , or rented under any circumstances .
The e-mail address that you supply when creating an account on this Web site will be used to contact you regarding your account .
For example , if you forget your user name or password and request assistance with logging in , assistance will be provided by means of a message sent to the e-mail address entered in your user profile .
Cookies are used to remember preferences that are chosen by the user when using jw.org .
For example , the preferred language in which to view jw.org is stored in a cookie so that this language is selected when the user returns to the Web site .
No personal information is collected by or stored in cookies .
Active Scripting or JavaScript
Scripting is used by jw.org to improve the functionality of the Web site .
Using scripting technology allows jw.org to return information more quickly to the user .
Scripting is never used by jw.org to install software on the user 's computer or to collect unauthorized information from the user .
Active scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser for some portions of jw.org to work correctly .
Most Web browsers allow this feature to be enabled or disabled for specific Web sites .
Consult the Web browser help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected Web sites .
If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it .

Effective as of 1 July 2013
Our goal is to make KAYAK the most trusted site in online travel .
To do this , we need your help , so any suggestions for improvement can be sent to us directly via the feedback form .
KAYAK is a search engine that saves you time and money .
We search the web for the best fares and rates .
Registration on KAYAK is strictly voluntary .
You do get some cool information and access to certain great features if you do register , but membership is not necessary to get our great rates and fares .
If you choose to book via our site , you will need to provide us with certain personal information .
What 's Your Sign
KAYAK collects personal information ( `` Personal Data '' ) to provide you with its services .
The categories of Personal Data collected depend on the services you are using and the information you provide to us .
If you only perform searches on the site without being logged in , we will collect your IP address , access times , duration of visit and referring URL to track usage of our site .
In order to make our site more efficient , we may also collect certain Personal Data ( such as destination , your favourite airport and airlines , your travel itineraries and site usage behaviour ) based on your use of KAYAK .
We may use this information to personalise and manage the KAYAK site for you , to display advertising that you find interesting and suppress advertising that you might find boring or annoying .
For example , we might show you travel offers from your home airport , but not those from airports that are in other places in that country .
To help us debug problems with our software ( rare as they are ) , we may collect some technical information from your browser software ( such as Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer ) , screen resolution and the website that referred you to us .
We may also use cookies to operate our site and provide the My Trips Service to you .
For more information , please see `` Cookies , Not the Kind You Eat With Milk '' .
If you register , we will also collect your email address , password and home airport , and other information you provide us with , at your discretion , at the time of registration or later on , such as your name ( e.g . as part of your email address ) and your preferences .
We will collect your search history so you can easily repeat your searches .
If you choose KAYAK personal trip management service ( the My Trips Service ) , you authorise us to collect your travel information in order to create and maintain your travel itineraries .
We will also collect the confirmation emails you forward us , which may include Personal Data such as your name , address , birth date , passport number and more .
If you choose to book via KAYAK with a travel agent , your name , travel dates , destination , itinerary , supplier ( airline , hotel etc . ) , passport number , email address , telephone number , credit card information and billing address may be necessary to process your booking .
You authorise us to process your Personal Data and forward it to the travel agent named on the booking page .
You can also choose to store your credit card information and other Personal Data in your user account to facilitate future bookings .
If you do decide to give us any of this information , you are telling us that this information is true , current and accurate .
We 'll Keep You In The Loop
When you choose to register with us , KAYAK logs you in automatically using your email address .
This makes it easier for you as you do n't have to create and remember a login identifier .
The use of your email address for login also allows KAYAK the chance to email you a new password in case you forget or lose your old one .
This is perfectly OK and happens to the best of us , particularly those of us who are incredibly busy .
If you do register with us , KAYAK will save your information and recognise you regardless of where you log in from .
So if you are visiting friends and using their computer , we 'll know it 's you and display your searches and preferences when you do log in .
In This Case Sharing Is Not Caring
What 's yours is yours .
We wo n't sell your Personal Data to anyone .
There might be an exception in the event KAYAK itself is sold .
In this case we would transfer your Personal Data to our buyers so that they could continue to provide the same great KAYAK service .
Also , if you use the My Trips Service , you can send , or grant access to , your itinerary and your Personal Data to your friends and family , or anyone you choose .
Granting access to your My Trips itinerary could provide the recipient with enough information , such as booking reference codes , to cancel or modify your booking or perform other mischief .
So think twice about whom you want to share your itinerary with ! By linking the My Trips Service with your Facebook account , your itinerary may be shared on your Facebook wall depending on your Facebook settings .
If you select an itinerary to be displayed on publicly viewable web pages , that travel information can be collected and used by others .
Please also read the detailed My Trips FAQ .
However , we do share your Personal Data with certain suppliers that provide services on our behalf and under contractual arrangements with us .
We do this in order to operate the site , including providing you with the My Trips Service .
For example , we may share your Personal Data with service providers that help us to operate the site by , for example , providing website hosting , visitor analytics , or online advertising .
We only let these service providers use your Personal Data as necessary to perform their functions and we require them at all times to keep your Personal Data safe and secure .
If you choose to book via KAYAK , you authorise us to forward your Personal Data , including payment information , to the travel agents and travel suppliers with whom you book travel products in order to enable them to process and fulfil your travel reservations .
The name of the travel agent you are booking with is provided on the booking page .
If you buy travel insurance via the KAYAK site , you authorise us to forward your Personal Data to the insurance provider .
Your Personal Data will be processed by these third parties in accordance with their privacy policies .
From time to time , we will also share aggregated usage information with others .
This type of information does not contain your identity or anything personally identifiable to you .
If The Police Come Knocking At Our Door
KAYAK may disclose to authorised law enforcement personnel the Personal Data from anyone who poses a threat to our interests , or otherwise make such disclosures that KAYAK is required to ( or where KAYAK believes it should do so ) by law .
This might include those that are attempting to commit fraud or those who conduct activities that could bring harm to others .
We assume that this is not you so please do n't worry .
You Are The Boss
KAYAK members and site visitors have control over the use of their Personal Data .
Since you are the boss on KAYAK , you always can change your account settings in the `` My Account '' pages on KAYAK .
Furthermore , you can always delete your account here .
How does it feel to be such a big shot ?
KAYAK has a sophisticated security program intended to keep the information stored in our systems protected from unauthorised access .
We store your information in secure data centres located in the United States and in Switzerland .
Our systems are configured with data encryption , or scrambling technologies and firewalls constructed to the highest industry standards .
We also use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology that protects the data you send over the Internet .
Third party security firms review our internal security policies and documentation regularly .
Personal Data may only be accessed by persons within our organisations , or our third party vendors , who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy .
The bottom line is , when it comes to information security , we mean business , whether your Personal Data is in the UK , Switzerland or the US .
Your Personal Data will therefore be transferred outside of the EU , and by using our services you agree to such transfer .
Please note that the data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
Cookies ( Not The Kind You Eat With Milk
When you visit KAYAK we may store information about your web session and assign you one or more 'cookies ' .
Your browser will store these cookies on your computer in a small text file .
There are two broad categories of cookies - 'first party cookies ' and 'third party cookies ' .
First party cookies are cookies that are served directly by the website operator to your computer and are used only by the website operator to recognise your computer when it revisits that site .
Third party cookies are served by a service provider on behalf of the website operator and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer when it visits other websites .
Third party cookies are most commonly used for website analytics or advertising purposes .
KAYAK uses first and third party cookies for the following general purposes :
( i ) To help us recognise your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our site .
For example , if you register on our site , we may use cookies to remember your login information , so you do not need to log into our site each time you visit .
Please note that member IDs , passwords , and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes .
Unless you register with us , these cookies will not contain any personal information .
The cookies described in this bullet point are first party cookies .
( ii ) To help us provide targeted advertisements and content to you through our site .
For example , when you access a page on our site , our third party advertising partners ( including Bluekai , which you can opt out of here ) will set a cookie to recognise your browser as you navigate the Internet and present you with targeted advertising based on your interests .
The cookies described in this bullet point are third party cookies .
( iii ) To help improve our website offering and for capacity planning purposes , we or our third party service providers may set analytics cookies .
These allow us to gather aggregated or segmented information about the types of visitors that access our site and the pages and advertisements that they view , and we do not use this information to personally identify any individual .
The cookies described in this bullet point may be first or third party cookies .
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies .
As the means by which you can do this varies from browser to browser , you should view the Help menu on the browser you use for further information .
The Help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that certain aspects of our site ( including the Trips Service ) use cookies in order to function .
If you refuse cookies , these aspects of the site will therefore be unavailable to you .
KAYAK does make money by selling advertising as well as referrals from searches on our site .
Our third party advertising partners often use Web beacons ( single pixel GIF images ) which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page to track when a click becomes a sale ( cha ching ) .
Can We Email You Sometime
If you register with us , or if you are not a registered user but previously provided us with your email address , we will retain your email address to send you service announcements , administrative messages and those much needed emails confirming your registration , providing you with account information , or relating directly to an itinerary or travel profiles created through the My Trips Service .
Oh , and if you 've never registered on KAYAK and you send us email booking confirmations , we 'll send you an email asking you to register so that you can use the My Trips Service .
We will not send you other emails unless you opt-in to receive communications from us .
If you opt-in to receive communications from us , you will receive information we believe will be of use and interest to you , including targeted email marketing messages from us or our third party advertising partners .
If you decide that you are no longer interested in receiving email communications from us , you may follow the instructions in our emails to unsubscribe from our email list or opt-out from your My Account pages .
We do hate spam at KAYAK and suspect that you do too .
Every Website Has Its Own Voice and Policies
Although we work with responsible third parties , their business policies may include different privacy policies and practices than we have .
So when you click through to third party websites , our privacy policies do not apply there .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these partner websites .
Big Kids Only Please
KAYAK does not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors .
If we become aware of the fact that a minor is attempting to submit this information , we will remove it from our records .
If you are the parent/legal guardian of a minor who has given us Personal Data , you may contact us to delete it .
Should We Evolve , Change , Self Actualise
KAYAK reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time .
If there are material changes to this statement on how KAYAK will use your Personal Data , we will prominently post these changes prior to implementing them .
If you use our website after we post these changes , this indicates your acceptance of them .
Regardless of later updates , we will follow the privacy practices described in this privacy statement at the time you provided us with your information .
If you have questions about our privacy policies , please send feedback .
You are entitled at any time and without any fee to obtain information about all your Personal Data that we store .
Also , you can at any time withdraw your consent to the use of the data that you gave when the data was collected .
In addition , you can always demand the deletion and the rectification of your data .
However , statutory provisions , especially such regarding technical accounting and bookkeeping purposes , may prohibit such a deletion .
In order to revoke your consent to the use of data , to obtain information or to demand a rectification , blocking or deletion , please contact :
Or in writing to :
Kayak Europe LLC is the controller of your Personal Data .

Last Updated : 12/26/2013
What This Privacy Policy Covers
Thank you for visiting Kelley Blue Book Co. , Inc. 's ( `` Kelley '' ) kbb.com ( `` Kelley Site '' ) .
This policy applies to the kbb.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools including mobile sites and applications where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including mobile devices .
Your privacy is important to us , and this policy will explain how we collect and use information that personally identifies you ( `` personal information '' ) as well as non-personal information about your interaction with the Kelley Site .
Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website ( including , but not limited to , vendors of products and services and providers of widgets , tools , and applications ) featured on or linked to by our website may also collect information about you .
Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies .
The Information We Collect
You can interact with the Kelley Site in various ways , including , to obtain Kelley Blue Book Values and pricing information , list a car for sale , research vehicles , read articles and reviews , subscribe to MyKBB and register to use the any community forums , answer surveys , and request more information about a vehicle of interest .
We may collect information from you in connection with your interaction with the Kelley Site .
Our web server ( and/or any web server operated by our service provider ( s ) on our behalf ) may collect and may store limited information about your device configuration when you visit the Kelley Site including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you are running , the resolution of your device 's screen , the make and model of your handset the website that referred you , the date and time you access the Kelley Site and your IP address .
Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by devices connected to the Internet to identify your device so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you .
We also use IP address information for systems administration ( including fraud detection and prevention ) and troubleshooting purposes .
We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our website and the website you visit after you leave our website .
We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on how visitors use and navigate through the Websites , such as the number of users who visit various pages within the Websites , what they click on , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages , fill out forms , etc .
We collect personal information from you , such as your name , address , phone number , and/or e-mail address when you provide it to us in connection with a service on the Kelley Site , such as when you request a Free Dealer Price Quote , list a car for sale , answer survey questions , and register to use the community forums and/or a MyKBB account .
We may also receive personal information from you when you provide it indirectly , for example when you respond to a research survey with a marketing research supplier or provide personal information with comments when you Contact Us .
Once you provide Kelley with personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
When you list a car for sale , we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers ( including information like your phone number and email address ) .
We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card .
We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment ( please see the section on `` Use and Disclosure of Information '' below for more information about how we use and secure credit card information ) .
We may also use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing , including your name and location , on third-party sites and mobile applications where we distribute or promote your listing .
Social Networks When you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our website , we and the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use .
The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from this Privacy Statement .
Content You Post to our Website If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our website , such as discussion forums , comments fields and social media areas , please keep in mind that the information you post can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas .
You may also have the opportunity from time to time to respond to questions that we display to users of the website .
If you choose to respond , your response may be published on an area of the website accessible to other users or the public .
We are not responsible for any third-party use of such information .
With your permission ( e.g. , by agreeing to let us use your current location when you first log in to our applications ) , our mobile site and/or applications may use precise , real-time geo-location technology to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device .
We may also request your zip code .
We may use either the zip code or real-time geo-location information to provide you with the content you request , such as search results of dealerships that are closest to you , or products or services we believe would be of interest to you .
You can opt out of precise , real-time location-based information collection by visiting the `` Settings '' page of the application or by changing the location services settings on your device .
How We Use the Information
Kelley uses the information you provide for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , follow-up surveys , to contact you , to customize the content and advertising you see , to improve our services , to enforce the terms of use of the Kelley Site , and otherwise for the purposes for which you provided the information .
Kelley uses aggregate and non-personal information to conduct research and analysis and to create reports that we may provide to others , such as our business partners and customers .
We may also use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the overall design and user experience of the Kelley Site , analyze trends , and administer the site .
In some cases , to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services , we ( or third party service providers acting on our behalf ) may combine information ( including personally identifying information ) that we collect through our website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources , including offline interactions with us , public databases , and third parties .
Kelley may use the information it collects in order to display the targeted ads about goods and services of interest to you and others ( `` interest-based advertising '' ) .
Kelley may display interest-based advertising based on non-personal information such as your activity on the Kelley Site or other websites , or based on personal information you have provided ; but , Kelley does not provide your personal information to the advertiser .
For more information on our interest-based advertising practices , click here .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may release or use information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws ; to respond to legal process or to a valid law enforcement request ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of visitors to our website , our customers , the public or Kelley .
As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that Kelley , one of its business units , or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company , information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets .
Kelley does not rent , sell , or share your personal information with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
When you elect to receive information from Kelley , automobile manufacturers and local dealers and/or from Kelley 's valued providers ( finance , insurance , etc . ) , Kelley will use and/or share your personal information only as you have elected .
When you request a Free Dealer Price Quote , more information about a particular vehicle , or to be contacted by a dealer regarding a new or used vehicle , your personal information ( including your contact information ) may be forwarded by Kelley directly to the dealer or may be provided by Kelley to an automobile manufacturer or a trusted business partner that will forward your personal information to the dealer .
Your personal information may also be forwarded by Kelley , the dealer , the automobile manufacturer or a trusted business partner to a trusted business partner or service provider , for the purpose of verifying your personal information , reviewing buyer purchase activity and reporting aggregate vehicle transaction data ( excluding your personal information ) to Kelley , the dealer , the automobile manufacturer , and/or a trusted business partner .
Please be aware that when you provide personal information to Kelley and authorize Kelley to share that information with a third party , your personal information becomes the property of Kelley and/or the third party .
Kelley and/or the third party may use your personal information to process your request and provide valuable services .
Keep in mind that once Kelley shares your personal information with a dealer or other third party as you have requested , Kelley may no longer have control over the use of the information by those third parties .
Kelley may share non-personal information about your interaction with the Kelley Site and other Web sites in order to provide interest-based ads to you and others on the Kelley Site or on other websites .
Kelley and its trusted partners and third-party advertising companies may note some of the pages you visit through the use of pixel tags . Kelley and third-party advertising companies ( which may include network advertisers ) may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
For more information on our interest-based advertising practices , click here .
When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services .
We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request .
If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser , we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser .
Similarly , if we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf , we will share with that company ( or its agent ) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program .
Although we take appropriate measures to protect against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that the information we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy .
We may share this information with our affiliates , including AutoTrader Group , Inc. and any of their subsidiaries , so that we and they may provide you with information , products , and services that we believe may be of interest to you .
If you do not want your information to be used for marketing by Kelley and/or a third party , do not provide the information , `` opt in '' or otherwise agree to such use , or `` opt out , '' as appropriate .
Kelley may set and access Kelley cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web page server .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you , and are encoded so they can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time .
For example , if you personalize a Web page , or navigate within a site , a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information ( such as your ZIP Code ) on subsequent visits .
This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content , eases site navigation , and so on .
When you return to the Web site , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the site 's features that you customized .
Kelley lets other companies , including business partners and companies that show advertisements on some of our pages , set and access their cookies on your computer .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Web sites you visit .
Kelley uses Web beacons ( also known as clear gif technology , pixels , or action tags ) to access Kelley cookies inside and outside our Web site and to collect data and allow other companies to collect data .
Web beacons may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our site .
This technology is a tool we may also use to compile aggregated statistics about the Kelley Site usage , such as how many visitors clicked on key elements ( such as links or graphics ) on a page .
We may share aggregated site statistics with other companies , and we may allow other companies to place their pixels and/or set cookies on our site .
Cookies , beacons , information collected about your computer or device , and other data collection technologies ( `` Data Technologies '' ) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services , to help us understand user behavior , to monitor website performance , optimize ads and measure advertising performance .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Providers
Kelley has relationships with certain third-party advertising networks , Advertisers , and advertising services ( `` Advertising Services '' ) that collect data , target and serve some of the advertisements , promotions , or other marketing messages you see on our website and other websites and mobile applications , including the websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates .
Such Advertising Services may , through processes that we do not control , use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on these websites , on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates , or with other websites .
These technologies may be used to track user behavior , how our products and services are offered , conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content .
These companies may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website or applications , and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services .
Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies .
If you click on a third-party link , including a social media graphic link on the Kelley Site , you will be taken to the third party 's Web site , and your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
Likewise , whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party , your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy .
You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Kelley Site content is also integrated into other Web sites .
These Web sites may collect personal information from their visitors that may or may not be used in conjunction with the Kelley Site content .
Prior to supplying any personal information to any third party company that links to the Kelley Site , please read and understand their privacy policy .
Advertisements served by our website advertising technology vendor appear on pages throughout the Kelley Site .
Some advertisements may request personal information directly from you or take you to Web sites that may request your personal information .
Kelley has no control over these advertisers ' privacy policies , so please examine the privacy policy of any company advertising on the Kelley Web site prior to submitting any personal information in connection with the advertisement .
Kelley utilizes reputable third party service providers to track and analyze non-personally identifiable aggregate usage information , such as tracking , data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , to assist us in improving the quality of the Kelley Site .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies or data collection code .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
At kbb.com , we want to provide you with ads that are relevant to you , and we try to display ads that we think you will find interesting and meaningful .
Using interest-based advertising , we are able to provide relevant ads that are aimed at your specific interests .
Based on your activity on Kelley Site or on other websites , we may infer your interest in a particular product or service and display an ad that relates to those interests .
For example , if you 've been viewing pages related to SUVs on kbb.com , you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs as you browse our website .
We offer you choices with regard to interest-based advertising .
Kbb.com is a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the `` DAA '' ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads .
You may find more information about additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) at the NAI site .
To learn more about interest-based advertising and the choices available to you , please visit our interest-based advertising page .
Kelley takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner .
Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption .
While we work hard to protect your privacy , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable , or invulnerable to attack , including your own , and the ones used to transmit your data to us .
We can not and do not guarantee that our systems , or your information , will be secure .
This website is intended for use by visitors within the United States .
If you reside outside the United States , please be aware that ( i ) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States , ( ii ) your information ( including personal data ) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage , and ( iii ) the United States , and the localities within the United States where our databases are located , may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside .
By using our website , you expressly agree to our collection , use , disclosure , and transfer of your information ( including personal data ) for the purposes identified herein , and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country .
Protection of Children 's Personal Information
Our website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information ; if you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself on this website .
Changes to this privacy policy
Kelley may occasionally update this privacy policy .
When we do , we will also revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of the privacy policy .
We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect .
Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California users to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed certain information about you to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
California users who wish to request further information in compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below .
As of the effective date of this Privacy Statement , there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers , therefore we do not respond to them .
Access to information that we collect and maintain about you may be available to you .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within the AutoTrader Sites , you can access that account to update the information you previously provided .
Additionally , if you believe that information we maintain about you is inaccurate , subject to applicable law , you may request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section below .
How to Contact Us

Khan Academy 's mission is to provide a free , world-class education for anyone , anywhere .
We are a not-for-profit 501c3 entity , and our purpose of establishing ourselves as a non-profit entity is so that our mission of education and trust with the user never comes in conflict with a for-profit motive .
We believe that this is necessary for us to be trusted with your private data .
Khan Academy Privacy Policy
Last Updated : March 11 , 2013
Welcome to the web site and online services ( the `` Website '' ) operated by Khan Academy , Inc. , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization ( `` Khan Academy '' ) .
Khan Academy values the privacy of our members and others who visit and use the Website ( individually , `` You '' or collectively , `` Users '' ) .
We take your privacy seriously and make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information that we obtain from and about individuals both online and off-line .
This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you , how we use that information , and what we do to protect it .
By using the Website ( whether or not you are a registered member ) , you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy .
If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Website .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Khan Academy Terms of Service .
Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Khan Academy 's Terms of Service .
Any capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service .
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , Khan Academy puts in place certain features designed to help protect the personally identifiable information of children less than 13 years of age .
Khan Academy does not knowingly permit any person less than 13 years of age to register directly for the Website unless Khan Academy reasonably believes , or has received assurances from a Coach , that the child 's parent has consented to such registration and use of the Website .
If Khan Academy learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected on the Website without parental consent , then Khan Academy will take the appropriate steps to delete this information .
When a child under the age of 13 ( `` Child Member '' ) requests to register for the Website , Khan Academy first seeks consent from the child 's identified parent or guardian ( `` Parent '' ) .
During the initial registration process , we may collect from a potential Child Member their email address and birth date , along with an email address for a Parent .
In some cases , a Coach may be able to directly register a Child Member for the Website by the Coach providing to us during such registration process a username and password for the Child Member account , the child 's birth date and an email address of the child 's parent .
Khan Academy attempts to inform the child 's Parent , using the email address provided by the child or the Coach , of the request for a Child Member account and directs the Parent to this Privacy Policy .
Please note that , although Khan Academy will make reasonable efforts to inform the Parent following the creation of a Child Member account by a Coach , the Child Member account will be immediately active and ready for use by the Child Member upon registration by the Coach .
If you are a Parent and wish to consent to your child 's registration on the Website , you must first register for the Website under an adult account .
If you are a registered Parent on the Website , you may create a child account , or request an existing child account to be assigned to your parent account , for each Child Member for whom you are a parent or legal guardian .
If you are a Parent and register your child for a Child Member account or have the Child Member account assigned to your parent account , you agree and acknowledge that you permit the Child Member to use the Website and all features made available on the Website as fully contemplated by Khan Academy .
As a Parent , you understand that any personally identifiable information of your child that you or a Coach provide in connection with registration or otherwise may be used by Khan Academy as provided in this Privacy Policy .
Except where the context indicates otherwise , the remainder of this Privacy Policy ( including any discussion of the personally identifiable information that Khan Academy may collect , use or disclose ) shall apply equally to a Child Member account and a Parent account .
The Website does not condition a Child Member 's participation in an online activity on the Child Member providing more personal information than is reasonably necessary for that activity .
The Information Khan Academy Collects
User-provided Information : When you register for , browse and use the Website , you may provide to Khan Academy what is generally called `` personally identifiable information '' ( such as your full name , email address , postal mailing address , and/or home/mobile telephone number ) .
You may also be able to add a picture of yourself .
If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third party social networking or integrated service that we may make available ( `` Integrated Service '' ) , such as Facebook Connect or Google , Khan Academy may also collect any such `` personally identifiable information '' that you have provided to the Integrated Service from the account you have with the Integrated Service .
You may revoke Khan Academy 's access to your account on the Integrated Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Integrated Service .
You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service .
Please review each Integrated Service 's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Website .
From time to time , Khan Academy may also ask you optionally to provide other information .
If you choose to provide such information , during registration or otherwise , you are giving Khan Academy the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy .
Therefore , please understand that when you sign in with Khan Academy , you are not anonymous to us .
Information from other Users : We may make available certain features in the Website that allow other Users of the Website to provide us information that may include your personally identifiable information .
For example , we may permit a Coach to register an account for you on your behalf in which the Coach pre-populates certain profile information about you .
`` Cookies '' Information : When you visit the Website , whether or not you are a registered member , we may send one or more cookies small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer .
Cookies remember information about your activities on a website .
Khan Academy may use both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A session cookie disappears after you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website .
Persistent cookies can be removed .
Please review your web browser `` Help '' file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings .
However , without cookies you will not have access to certain services and features on the Website .
Third party advertisements displayed in connection with the Website may also contain cookies set by internet advertisers .
We do not control these cookies and users of the Website should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies .
`` Automatically Collected '' Information : When you use the Website , we may automatically record certain information from your browser by using different types of technology , including standard log files , `` clear gifs '' or `` web beacons . ''
This `` automatically collected '' information may include your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring or exit pages , click stream data , operating system and the dates and times that you visit the Website .
Additionally , we may record certain information regarding your use of features that Khan Academy may make available on the Website , such as the number of problems you have attempted , the number of videos you have viewed and the amount of time spent to complete a problem .
Third Party Web Beacons : We may also implement third party content , such as advertising , on the Website that uses `` clear gifs , '' `` web beacons , '' or other similar techniques , which allow the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser , or implement similar tracking mechanisms , in connection with your viewing of that third party content displayed on the Website .
This information is collected directly by the third party , and Khan Academy does not participate in that data transmission .
Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party 's own data collection , use , and disclosure policies .
Location Information : We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
Information from Other Sources : We may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from third parties and sources other than the Website .
If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Website , we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Way Khan Academy Uses Information
Khan Academy uses the information that you provide or that we collect in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you .
Khan Academy generally uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate , maintain , enhance , and provide all of the features and services found on the Website .
If you have given Khan Academy consent , we may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about Khan Academy 's features , services and other offerings that may be of interest to you .
We may also send information or offers to groups of users on behalf of other businesses .
Under certain circumstances ( for example if you win a contest ) we may post your personally identifiable information on the Website .
However , we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information or we will obtain your consent .
We may share your personally identifiable information with certain other websites that we link to ( and that you click upon ) in order to enhance your experience in connection with the Website .
Khan Academy uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect from Users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users , to improve the way the Website works and looks , and to create new features and functionality .
Khan Academy may use `` cookies '' information to : ( a ) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website ; ( b ) provide customized third-party advertisements , content , and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns ; ( d ) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed ; and ( e ) track your entries , submissions , and status in any promotions or other activities .
If you have registered as a member and given Khan Academy consent , we may share your personally identifiable information with advertisers , business partners , and other entities that are not affiliated with Khan Academy who would like to send you information about their products and services .
We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in .
Khan Academy 's employees , agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you may provide to register as a member of Khan Academy .
We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us , including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities ( for example , contest and sweepstakes administration ) , but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose .
When Khan Academy Discloses Information
Aggregate Information : Khan Academy discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information to interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage , viewing , and demographic patterns for certain programs , content , services , advertisements , promotions , and/or functionality on the Website .
User Postings on the Website : Khan Academy enables you to share your User Postings with other Users of the Website , such as Users of the Website that you choose to register as your Coach and Users associated with your Educational Organization .
Khan Academy may also permit you to share your User Postings publicly on the Website .
If your User Postings are shared with other Users , any personally identifiable information that you choose to include in , or is associated with , such User Postings will be accessible by such Users .
Once you make your personally identifiable information available to others in any of these ways , it may be collected and used by the recipients without restriction .
Khan Academy enables Users to share information and resources .
If you are a User subscribing to the Website and you consent , Khan Academy may disclose certain personally identifiable information to other Users of the Website , such as Users registered as Coaches and Users associated with your Educational Organization .
If you consent , Khan Academy may also share information about your use of certain Website features with other Users of the Website , such as sharing your activity history with your Coach or Users associated with your Educational Organization .
Child Member Information : Although Khan Academy makes available certain features that allow a User to disclose personal information to other Users , we attempt to restrict a Child Member 's access to certain features that could result in disclosure by the Child Member of personally identifiable information .
For example , a Child Member account is not normally permitted to post public comments on the Website for any videos or exercises .
However , some features of the Website may permit a Child Member to enter free-form text through which the Child Member could include personally identifiable information that could be visible to other Users ( such as when a Child Member enters personal information in answering an exercise problem or creating other projects on the Website ) .
Further , certain features of the Website may allow the Child Member to communicate with other Users , such as when a Child Member communicates with a Coach through the Website or through third party services accessing the Khan Academy API .
If the Child Member chooses to include personally identifiable information in such communications , the recipient may be able to collect and use such information without restriction .
For example , a Coach may receive personally identifiable information that is made available by a Child Member and may be able to use such information without restriction .
Social Networks : Khan Academy will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so .
In particular , we will disclose personal information where you have elected to connect your account on our Website to a social network or other similar service ( e.g. , Facebook or Google ) , or have elected to have your activity on our Website published to a social network or other similar service ( e.g. , Facebook or Google ) .
To control the information that you share , you should review and , if appropriate , modify your privacy settings on such services .
Required by Law : Khan Academy may also disclose User information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws ( such as U.S . Copyright law ) or respond to a court order , judicial or other government subpoena , or warrant .
In some cases , we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users .
Merger or Acquisition : In the event that Khan Academy is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
Other Purposes : Khan Academy also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe , in good faith , is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability ; protect Khan Academy from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses ; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations ; to assist government enforcement agencies ; to protect the security or integrity of the Website ; or to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Khan Academy , our Users , or others .
You may , of course , decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Khan Academy , in which case Khan Academy will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Website .
If you register as a member of Khan Academy , you may update , correct , or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by going to your account settings page .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times .
Khan Academy endeavors to make the educational videos and content available through Website as broadly available as possible .
To encourage this , Khan Academy makes available to third party application developers and service providers ( `` App Developers '' ) an application programming interface ( `` API '' ) for use in creating complementary or additional services for users ( such as creating mobile applications that provide access to Khan Academy content ) .
Through the API , Khan Academy may allow App Developers to access a variety of personal information related to your use of the Website and related services , including your username or other unique identifier , messages , comments , browsing history on the Website , exercise history and other information related to your use of the Website .
When you use , download or access an application or service from such App Developers , we may give them access to such personal information you have provided or we have collected .
The first time an App Developer wishes to access your information through the API for a particular service or application , you will first be given the option to approve such access to your information by such service or application .
You understand that you may not have access to certain features or services if you choose to not provide such access to your information to App Developers .
You understand and agree that such App Developers may use this information for its internal business purposes in operating its services and may also disclose such information to its other customers and users .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party services and application .
Khan Academy 's privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such App Developers .
Third-Party Advertisers , Links to Other Sites
The Website may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies .
Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us .
Khan Academy may also permit other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements within the Website .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send , directly to your browser , some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Website .
These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens .
These advertisers may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites and third party ad servers or ad networks .
Khan Academy 's privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other third party advertisers or web sites .
Please be aware that Khan Academy does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Website .
Our Commitment to Data Security
Khan Academy uses certain physical , managerial , and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Khan Academy , and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission of information , Khan Academy makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
If Khan Academy learns of a security systems breach , then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
Khan Academy may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
The Website is intended solely for visitors located within the United States .
If you nonetheless choose to use the Website from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Website you consent to that transfer .
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the privacy policy at our sole discretion .
Khan Academy users will be informed of any such change by us posting a new privacy policy on the Website and the effective date of any change of privacy policy will be clearly marked .
We will not use any personally identifiable information of yours in ways that are materially different from the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent to any such different uses .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our Website .

Maintaining the privacy of your information is important to Kia Motors America ( Kia ) .
This Privacy Policy describes Kia 's current corporate policy on how we use the personally identifiable information ( personal information ) that you provide to Kia both online and offline through postal mail , contest submissions , telephone requests , surveys , etc or to Kia dealers who then transfer the personal information to Kia .
You should read the entire policy carefully .
By continuing to use Kia websites or by providing Kia with your personal information through a website or through off-line methods , you consent to this Privacy Policy .
On occasion , Kia may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law , Kia 's privacy practices , or the features on Kia websites .
If any such changes impact the way we collect or use your information , those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted .
Therefore , you should review the Privacy Policy periodically to remain aware of Kia 's current policies and practices .
If Kia materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of personal information , your personal information will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of , and have not objected to , the change .
As used in this Privacy Policy , the terms we and us mean Kia and its subsidiaries .
We produce passenger cars , vans , cargo trucks , parts and accessories .
Our dealers and licensees are independent companies that sell our vehicles , parts and accessories and are licensed to operate such businesses using a trade name , trademarks , and service marks owned by us .
Business partners are independent companies that Kia has partnered with to provide you with or offer you other services and products .
Because this Privacy Policy sets forth only Kia 's privacy practices , this Policy does not describe the privacy practices of our dealers , licensees , or business partners even when you link to their websites through Kia websites or provide them information offline through written or telephonic means if your personal information is not then provided to Kia .
Your linking to other sites or providing personal information to other companies through written or telephone communications is at your own risk and is not governed by the Kia Privacy Policy , even where those websites or companies ' offline communications are co-branded with the Kia logo .
To learn about the privacy practices of any of Kia dealers , licensees , or business partners that link to Kia websites or that contact you through written or telephonic means , you should review the privacy policies of those entities , and not this Privacy Policy , which only applies to the information collected by Kia , from Kia.com , other Kia websites , Kia events , Kia email , Kia written and telephone communications and other means that Kia may use including when you purchase a car from a dealer and your personal information is shared by the dealer to Kia .
We recommend that you always check the applicable privacy statement of non-Kia sites and companies requesting information before providing any personal information .
Collection of Personal Information
This Privacy Policy covers personal information collected from and about you on Kia websites and by Kia through written or telephonic means .
Personal information includes information such as name , mailing address , email address , and telephone number , and can also include the type of request , and any additional information you provide to Kia .
The information you provide is used by Kia to notify you about , and improve upon , the services that we provide to you .
In addition to personal information , Kia collects IP address , aggregate user data , and browser type .
This data is used to manage and improve Kia.com and other Kia websites , track usage , improve services , and for security and monitoring purposes .
Kia 's websites are for general audiences , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information and Your Choices
We may use your personal information for a variety of purposes as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not want us to disclose information in this manner , do not submit your personal information to us .
Kia will not use your personal information for purposes that are different from those purposes detailed herein unless we ask for your permission to do so .
In addition , Kia will not share your personal information with third parties who are not affiliated or partnered with us unless you have chosen to receive specific information and the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of your personal information .
Disclosure Within Kia and to Kia 's Service Providers .
Within Kia , we may share your personal information with Kia employees , agents , and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your personal information .
Kia may share your personal information with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our activities ( i.e. , mailing list administrators , marketing agents , etc . ) , but they may only use your personal information to provide Kia with a specific service and not for any other purpose .
Disclosure to Affiliated Parties .
Kia may share your personal information with companies that are affiliated with us such as our dealers , licensees , and/or business partners for the purposes of both marketing and administrative purposes ( such as recall notices ) .
Kia may disclose personal information without providing you with a choice in order to protect Kia 's or its affiliated entities ' legal rights ; to protect the safety and security of visitors to Kia.com and other Kia websites ; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or to comply with law or legal process .
Going forward , we may acquire or sell assets , and companies may acquire financial interests in us .
In connection with those transactions , personal information may be among the transferred business assets , and we may disclose your personal information to any company in connection with a proposed or actual sale , merger , transfer , or exchange of all or a portion of a business or operating unit .
Any such disclosure will be conditioned on that company agreeing to use the data prior to any acquisition solely for the purpose of making its acquisition decision and to observe the relevant provisions of our Privacy Policy with respect to the data .
In the event that personal information is transferred to a company acquiring assets from us , we will require that company to agree to observe the relevant provisions of our Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information ( including any choices that you have made under our Privacy Policy to limit the use of your data ) .
Data Collection from Others .
We may also obtain personal information about you from our dealers , licensees and/or business partners .
We may merge or use that personal information with information that we collected previously , as permitted by applicable law and our Privacy Policy .
That personal information once in Kia 's possession is governed by this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure to Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties .
If you provide us with permission , Kia may also share your personal information with advertisers and other companies who are not affiliated with Kia , but who would like to send you information about their products and services .
However , you will always have the opportunity to decline the option to receive information from unaffiliated third parties ( and thereby not permit this sharing of your personal information ) when personal information is collected .
Aggregation and Use of Personal Information
All of the personal information that you provide to Kia , our dealers , licensees , and business partners may be aggregated and analyzed to enable us to develop targeted marketing programs and service offerings .
We may also use your personal information to contact you regarding Kia programs and services or third party programs and services that we believe might be of interest to you .
If you do not want us to contact you for this purpose , you may decline to receive such offers by calling our Consumer Affairs Department , 800-333-4543 , at any time .
Security of the Database and Your Personal Information
Kia uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures to safeguard personal information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
In addition , Kia uses reasonable methods to make sure that personal information is accurate , up-to-date , and appropriately complete .
Kia can not guarantee your confidential use of Kia.com and other Kia websites and will not assume responsibility for any damage that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality resulting from your use of a Kia website or any information that you transmitted to a Kia website .
Links to Other Sites
Kia.com and other Kia websites may contain links to third party sites not controlled by Kia or covered by this Privacy Policy , including , as noted above , sites belonging to Kia dealers , Kia licensees , or independent product review sites .
Kia makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any information contained in any hypertext link to those sites .
Any hypertext link to any other person or entity should not be construed as endorsement by Kia of such person 's or entity 's website , products , or services .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technology Used By Us and Certain Third parties
In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to provide to us on the website , we and our third-party service providers may use cookies , web beacons , embedded scripts and variety of other technologies , now and hereafter devised , that automatically collect certain website usage information whenever you visit or interact with the website .
This information may include browser type , operating system , the page served , the time , the source of the request , the preceding page view , and other similar information .
We may use this usage information for a variety of purposes , including enhancing or otherwise improving the website .
In addition , we may also collect your IP address or some other unique identifier for the particular device you use to access the Internet , as applicable ( a `` Device Identifier '' ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer , and we may identify your device by its Device Identifier .
When analyzed , usage information helps us determine how our website is used , such as what types of visitors arrive at the website , what type of content is most popular , what type of content you may find most relevant and what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising .
We may associate your Device Identifier or web site usage information with the personal information you provide , but we will treat the combined information as personal information .
A cookie is a data file placed on a computer when it is used to visit the website .
Cookies may be used for many purposes , including , without limitation , tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the website .
You may disable many types of cookies using your browser 's preferences , but some features of the website may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete many types of cookies manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie , delete cookies or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies and doing so may also interfere with your third party opt-outs described further below .
A web beacon is a small graphic image or other web programming code ( also known as `` 1x1 GIFs '' or `` clear GIFs '' ) .
We may include these in our web pages and e-mail messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the website , to monitor how users navigate the website , to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the website , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third-party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the website , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
In addition , we may work with third parties such as network advertising networks and/or traffic measurement services to track your activities to better serve you contextually relevant content and/or advertisements on the website and/or to analyze traffic on the website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display content and/or advertisements based on your visits to the website and/or other websites you have visited .
This enables us to target content and/or advertisements to you based on perceived interest .
Third parties that assist us in this regard may themselves set and access their own cookies and other technologies on your computer and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your computer via a Device Identifier .
These third party cookies are set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver content and/or advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) regulate when and how often content and/or advertisements are served to you ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the content and/or advertisements that have been delivered to you .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third party cookies and other technologies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Third party cookies , web beacons and other third party technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members will no longer be able to deliver targeted content and/or ads to you , which will affect this and other web sites , but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different computer or change web browsers , your NAI opt-out may not , or may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on the NAI 's web site accessible by the above link .
Access to Your Personal Information
If possible , we will let you review your personal information that you provided to Kia and will take reasonable steps to correct any personal information that you inform us is incorrect .
If you ask Kia to stop using the personal information you provided to Kia , Kia will honor that request while retaining any record of your personal information that is necessary to comply with applicable federal , state , or local law .
If you would like to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy or Kia 's collection and use of your personal information , to review or correct your personal information , or to stop all future communications from us , please contact Kia Consumer Affairs at 800-333-4542 .

1.1 King makes great games that offer fun , bitesize entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy .
We at King respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games , website ( s ) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time ( Services ) .
In this document we refer to King.com Limited as King us , we or our and we refer to you as you and your .
1.2 This document , the `` Privacy Policy '' , explains how we collect , process and store any personal data belonging to you , meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Such information is referred to throughout this policy as `` Personal Information '' or data .
1.3 By accessing and/or using our Services you consent to us collecting , processing , storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy .
If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Services .
As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Services , you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Services .
2.1 We are a company called King.com Limited .
We are registered in Malta , with registered number C42504 .
Our registered office is 125/14 The Strand , Gzira 1027 Malta .
Information we collect about you , and how we collect it
3.1 We may collect and process the following data about you :
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Services , or when you create an account with us ;
details of your use of our Services and the resources that you access ( for example , information about how and when you play our games or visit our website ( s ) , or what device you use to access our Services ) ;
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you , we may keep a record of that correspondence ;
your interactions with us on our social media channels ; and
information we collect via cookies , as explained further below .
4.1 We use cookies and other similar technologies .
Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device .
4.2 We use cookies and similar technologies :
to allow us to recognise you and your device , for example by identifying your IP address ;
to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform ( where you have chosen to allow such interaction ) ;
to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions ;
to provide you with more customized Services , for example to provide our Services in the correct language ;
to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them .
4.3 By accessing our website ( s ) or using our Services you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so .
5.1 When you purchase Services on our website ( s ) , we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers , but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by King .
When you purchase items via our apps ( such as those you can purchase in the App Store , via Amazon Kindle or on Google Play ) we do not collect or store any payment information from you .
How will we use your Personal Information
6.1 You agree that we ( or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions ) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of :
contacting you , for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services ;
managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services ;
research , surveying , and engaging with you , for example by sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes ;
marketing and promotion of our Services or related products , for example sending you communications ( including by email ) for these purposes on our , or a third party 's behalf .
to create reports , analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence , for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services ;
preventing cheating , crime or fraud .
We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention ; and
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law .
Will we share your Personal Information with third parties
7.1 We will only share your data with third parties ( for example , our group companies or suppliers ) :
with your consent ( including as set out in this Privacy Policy ) ;
as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you ( for example , by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you ) ;
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions ( for example , to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors ) ;
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis , meaning you could not be personally identified from it ;
when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels ( for example , by providing a testimonial about one of our Services ) we may publish the information you submitted , alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels ;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation ;
in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of King , our users , or others ;
in the event that there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring , or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its group companies , or in preparation of any of these events .
Any third party to which King transfers of sells King 's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy .
We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances .
Interaction with third party social networks or platforms
8.1 You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform , which will provide data about you to us .
These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of , or controlled by King .
You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us .
8.2 You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform , we may share data about you with your contacts ( and vice versa ) in order that you may enjoy playing socially .
This data includes your name , your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our games .
8.3 You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us , or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider , however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services .
For how long will we retain your information
9.1 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services .
We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , meet regulatory requirements , resolve disputes between members , prevent fraud , cheating or abuse , or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user .
Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas
10.1 Your Personal Information may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
How do we protect your Personal Information
11.1 The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss , alteration , unauthorised disclosure or access , use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession .
We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar games developers .
However , since the internet is not a completely secure environment we can not guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards .
Links from our Services
12.1 We may provide links to third party websites from our Services .
You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party 's privacy policy and not to ours .
Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites , King takes no responsibility for the content , safety or security of any third party website .
Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
13.1 You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you .
13.2 We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date .
You may ask us to modify , correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above .
13.3 Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third party platform can not be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform .
In addition , where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Services ( for example , one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account ) , we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control .
13.4 You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
How to contact us
14.1 To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above .
15.1 We hope that you wo n't have any complaints about us or our Services .
16.1 If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable , the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected .
16.2 This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England .
Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England unless you choose the courts of your home country .
16.3 We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our games .
We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business .
We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way .
If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us .
16.4 This Privacy Policy was last updated on 18 October 2013 .

Back to Customer Support
Version : 18 April 2013
On this page :
Discover the convenience of KLM 's website
What personal data does KLM process ?
What if you do not wish to receive any information ?
The KLM website 's registration of clicking behavior
The KLM website 's use of cookies/applets
What security measures does KLM take ?
Links to other sites
Special security measures to control aggression
Travel to and from the Netherlands Antilles , Aruba and Suriname
The transfer of data to countries beyond the EU borders
The Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij NV ( also known as KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ) knows , just as Air France ( 45 rue de Paris , 95744 Roissy CDG Cedex Frankrijk ) , that the personal privacy of its passengers and frequent flyer members ( grouped together in this document as customers ) , prospective customers and the visitors to its website is very important .
The personal data of KLM 's customers , prospective customers and website visitors is thus handled and protected with the greatest possible care in accordance with the requirements stated in the piece of Dutch legislation known as the Personal Data Protection Act ( WBP ) .
KLM 's office at Amsterdamseweg 55 , postal code 1182 GP in Amstelveen , The Netherlands , is the responsible party for processing the company 's data .
In accordance with the WBP , KLM has reported how it personal data to the Dutch Data Protection Authority ( College Bescherming Persoonsgegevens - CBP ) located in The Hague , The Netherlands .
( Search by entering Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij ' under naam ' or by entering KLM ' . )
Ads not by this site
Discover the convenience of KLM 's website
KLM is continually extending and improving its electronic services to make them more convenient for its customers , prospective customers and the visitors to the KLM website .
One example is the KLM website that offers 24-hour access to online reservations and Flying Blue services .
These e-services simplify everything from travel planning to e-tickets and e-check-in .
And they can also be used to obtain information about hotel and car rental reservations and travel insurance policies with our cooperating partners .
What personal data does KLM process
Within the framework of providing you with its services , selling you its products and services , or allowing you to contact KLM for any other reason , KLM records such data as your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , personal travel preferences and interests .
KLM uses your data for executing contracts , for providing services , and for informing customers , prospective customers and visitors to the KLM website about the activities , products and services of KLM and its partners .
KLM exchanges for these purposes personal data with Air France and partners .
One way KLM uses your personal data for your convenience is to consider your travel preferences and interests and to develop new services and products .
Sometimes , KLM issues surveys or holds contests and/or competitions in which customers , prospective customers and/or visitors to the website are approached to participate .
What if you do not wish to receive any information
If you would rather not receive any information about the activities , products and services of KLM and KLM partners , you can indicate this by sending a letter to this effect and enclosing a copy of your proof of identity to the KLM Privacy Office at the address given at the bottom of this page .
( Please refer to the next section in regard to applying for and discontinuing KLM e-mail services . )
Ads not by this site
Providing electronic services is important to KLM , particularly because these e-services offer customers , prospective customers and website visitors quick and convenient access to information .
When you subscribe to receiving such communications as KLM 's electronic newsletter , you are giving KLM and its partners permission to use your e-mail address for sending you the newsletter , information from her partners , and other mail such as surveys and news about special offers .
If you no longer wish to receive information via e-mail , you can click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each e-newsletter , or at KLM.com
If you do not want to receive Flying Blue and partner offers , you can update your communication preferences .
The KLM website 's registration of clicking behavior
At the KLM website , general visiting data such as the most commonly requested pages is recorded without this data being linked to the identity of the visitor .
The purpose of this information gathering is to make the KLM website as convenient as possible in regard to the needs of its visitors .
This data can also be used to place information which is better geared to the needs of visitors on the website .
In this way , KLM can continue to improve its lending of services .
If you received an e-mail about a flight that you did not book , this may be an attempt to retrieve your personal information ( also known as phishing ) or infect your computer .
Such messages you can recognise by :
the lack of a personal salutation
urgent request to answer
poor grammar and spelling mistakes
a link to an unknown web address
reference to a ticket number that does not begin with 074 ' and does not consist of 13 digits
KLM and its partners will never send you an e-mail asking for personal information .
A genuine KLM ticket via e-mail never has any attachment or link to personal information .
We recommend not responding to this e-mail , to not click on any links or open any attachments and to provide no personal information .
Please note that we will not reply to messages sent to this address .
Ads not by this site
The KLM website 's use of cookies/applets
In offering its services , KLM makes use of cookies/applets .
These are compact pieces of information stored on the hard drive of your computer .
KLM uses both temporary cookies and special cookies/applets .
Temporary cookies contain no personal data and are intended only to make it easier for you to use the KLM site .
Once special cookies/applets have been stored in your computer , our website can identify you each time you return to the KLM site .
With this information , the site can be designed especially to meet your needs and to make our site nicer to use .
Even if you have switched off the use of cookies/applets in your browser , you can still visit most of the elements in the KLM website .
For more information , please read our cookie policy .
In case you would like to remove the cookies from your PC , please
read more about how to delete cookies
What security measures does KLM take
KLM is doing everything possible to safeguard your personal data from wrongful use .
Only authorized personnel have access to your data .
Should it be necessary for KLM partners to assume part or any of certain KLM services , KLM has reached an agreement with them that they will handle your personal data with an equal level of strict confidentiality .
Links to other sites
Certain pages on the KLM site have links to the websites of other companies .
Because KLM can not be responsible for how these companies handle personal data , you are advised to read the policy ( or statements ) of these non-KLM sites carefully in regard to how they process and protect personal data since the conditions offered by these sites may not be the same as those offered by KLM .
Ads not by this site
Special security measures to control aggression
To promote public order and safety aboard its flights and how this is handled , KLM keeps a record of the names of passengers who have interfered with the safety , public order and discipline , either on board its aircraft or on the ground , to such an extent that they will not be allowed passage aboard KLM aircraft for an unlimited period of time , for a limited period of time or only under certain conditions determined by KLM .
These persons are personally informed ( in writing where possible ) about the fact that their name has been placed in these records and how long these special security measures will apply to them .
Interested parties may request permission to examine this data or to make changes to its accuracy by submitted this request in writing to the KLM Privacy Office .
Travel to and from the Netherlands Antilles , Aruba and Suriname
The names of passengers who have disembarked at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and who have been found by the Royal Netherlands Military Constabulary to be carrying illegal drugs will be recorded by the State of the Netherlands .
The names of these persons shall also be given to KLM .
On the basis of this information , KLM will be entitled to refuse to enter into any transport contract with these persons for a period of three years .
Interested parties may request permission to examine this data or to make changes to its accuracy by submitting this request in writing to the Royal Netherlands Military Constabulary at P.O .
Box 90615 , 2509 LP The Hague , The Netherlands .
If you reside on Aruba , the Netherlands Antilles , in Suriname or in Venezuela , you should accompany this written request with a copy of your passport .
The transfer of data to countries beyond the EU borders
More and more additional measures are being taken throughout the world , particularly in the United States and Canada , for the purpose of tightening border controls .
These and other countries are asking KLM and all other airlines that fly to , from or through certain countries for more access to passenger data for the purpose of preventing and controlling possible terrorism .
The possible sanctions applied to an airline for not lending its cooperation in these matters can be severe : heavy fines are anticipated and , in the most serious case , the retraction of the airline 's landing rights .
In addition , an airline 's refusal to cooperate in this matter will still not prevent the requested data from being provided ; after all , the passengers will be asked for this information at the airport , the result being extra long lines and longer waiting times for passing through the customs and immigrations services .
KLM would like to emphasize that the authorities involved have given their assurance that your reservation data will be used only for security purposes and will be accessible only to personnel authorized to deal with security matters ( customs , safety and immigration personnel ) .
For questions , remarks or complaints about the protection of your personal data by KLM , please click and complete the form .
On receipt of this form we will contact you as soon as possible .
If you would like to view your personal data , have this corrected or would like to lodge an objection against the use of your personal data by KLM , then you may send your written response , accompanied by a copy of your proof of identity , to :
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines
Privacy Office - AMSPI
1117 ZL Luchthaven Schiphol
KLM reserves the right to revise its privacy policy from time to time .
For this reason , please check regularly for the most recent version of KLM 's privacy policy .

Effective October 30 , 2013
This web site or application ( Site ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee .
At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it .
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site .
Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy .
You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here : here
Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes .
If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law .
Get answers and information about :
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ?
What Information Do We Share and with Whom ?
Can I Disable Cookies ?
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ?
What About Links to Other Sites ?
Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements
Is My Information Secure ?
How Can I Access My Information ?
Can I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotional E-mails ?
Where Is My Information Stored ?
How May I Contact You ?
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It
We may collect personally identifiable information ( PII - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site .
We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Site 's other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content .
We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Site 's social networking features ; or provide you with other services .
Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts .
We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter .
This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account .
Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) .
Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that site 's own privacy policy .
This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends ' profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed .
We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address .
We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location .
Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies .
We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you .
For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location .
Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site .
Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags .
Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer .
We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click .
This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience .
This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you .
We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
What Information Do We Share and with Whom
We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy .
The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so .
Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher .
We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information .
We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site .
You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) .
Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site .
In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents .
Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes .
We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities .
There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy
Can I Disable Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored .
Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function .
We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations .
If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel .
You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to `` information '' on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) .
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content .
If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites .
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children
This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act .
What About Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites .
You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII .
Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements
This Site may display ads from other companies .
We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites .
Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity .
For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf .
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page .
The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members .
If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process .
In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Is My Information Secure
We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII .
While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII .
Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards .
How Can I Access My Information
You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member .
By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events .
Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site .
Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature .
Can I `` Opt-Out '' of Receiving Promotional E-mails
From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages .
If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail .
Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc . ) .
Where Is My Information Stored
Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
How May I Contact You
Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us .

Welcome ! This privacy policy applies to customer information collected and used by Kohl 's Corporation and its affiliates in Kohl 's retail stores ( `` Stores '' ) and on our `` Site . ''
For purposes of this privacy policy , `` Site '' means those websites linking to this Policy , including without limitation , Kohls.com , its related subdomains and microsites , Kohl 's mobile applications and Kohls.com accessed through Kohl 's kiosks and/or your mobile device .
To view your separate Kohl 's Credit Card Privacy Policy , please click here .
Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) which explains what type of information is collected both in our Stores and through our Site , how that information is used , to whom it is disclosed , and how it is safeguarded .
By using the Site and shopping in our Stores , you agree to the terms of this Policy and our use of your information as described in this Policy , and you expressly agree to comply with Kohl 's Legal Notices .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
( a ) Information Collected When You Interact with Kohl 's :
We collect information , including personal information , from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Kohl 's , both in our Stores and through our Site .
Examples of information we may collect include your name , home address , email address , telephone number , mobile phone number , precise location information , mobile device identification , Site traffic and navigational information , credit card number , purchase and order information , demographical information and event-related information for gift registries .
Such information can be collected , for instance , when :
You follow the checkout process and make an online or in-store purchase , return or exchange ;
You purchase an electronic gift card ;
You create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account for your convenience ;
You use our online order tracking ;
You sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages ( including offers and sales alerts ) ;
You sign up to join a loyalty , rewards or similar program or club ;
You provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates ;
You participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes , contests and/or surveys or focus groups ;
You create or update a gift registry ;
You use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features ;
You submit a request to our Customer Service team ;
You sign up for , and/or maintain , a Kohl 's Charge card ;
You use and navigate Kohl 's Sites , including features to find store locations ;
You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements ;
You install , use , and navigate Kohl 's mobile applications and/or mobile website ;
You participate in the Kohl 's Blog and/or use Kohl 's pages on social media sites , such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram ( `` Social Media Pages '' ) .
You use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores .
( b ) Information from Other Sources :
We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties .
For instance , we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information , such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to carry out our core business functions , such as : ( i ) processing purchase , return or exchange transactions ; ( ii ) providing the products or services you request ; ( iii ) improving our Site and our Stores ; ( iv ) marketing and promotional purposes ; ( v ) communicating with you ; and ( vi ) to enhance your overall Kohl 's shopping experience across channels .
In order to accomplish these objectives , we may also combine information about you that we collect in our Stores and through our Site , including your use of our mobile applications and Wi-Fi Services .
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
( a ) Internally : We may share your information within Kohl 's Corporation , including with our affiliates
( b ) Merger or Acquisition : In the event that Kohl 's and/or its affiliates would merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity as well as ( or portions through ) an asset sale or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control , some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared , as well as retained by Kohl 's .
( c ) Service Providers : We provide your information to companies that provide support services to Kohl 's , such as : printers , marketing providers , analytics companies , web hosting providers , contest and survey administrators , call center service providers , payment processors , fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers .
We may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business , such as Kohl 's Charge .
These companies need your personal information to perform their functions , to fulfill your requests and to make your shopping experience more satisfying .
( d ) Elsewhere at your Direction : At your direction , we may share your information .
For instance , if you participate in any Kohl 's Gift Registry , you agree that your name ( s ) , event date ( s ) , state and complete Gift List will be viewable on the Site , our partnership Gift Registry websites and/or in Kohl 's Stores to anyone who searches , finds and selects the registrants ' names when using the Gift Registry feature .
If Gift Registry participants do not want this information accessible on Kohls.com and/or our partnership Gift Registry websites , they may call Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 to request registry access be restricted to Kohl 's Stores only .
( e ) Legal or Safety Requirements : Kohl 's may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based upon our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law , to protect users of our Site or the Site itself , to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights and property of Kohl 's .
MOBILE AND LOCATION-BASED SERVICES
The following applies to your use of Kohl 's mobile website , mobile applications , and/or Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores :
( a ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : Kohl 's distributes mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested the coupons and consented to the text messages via an opt-in request .
The opportunity to opt out of a specific text message marketing campaign will be made available with the messages we send .
Refer to `` Choices Regarding Your Information '' section below for more options .
( b ) Information Collected Automatically : Kohl 's collects certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use ; device identifier ; your mobile operating system ; pages you visit on our mobile site ; search terms ; the type of mobile Internet browsers you use ; and information about the way you use our mobile website and applications .
( c ) Precise Location Information : If you elect to utilize the location-based features and functionalities made available by Kohl 's through its mobile website or mobile applications , or simply by using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores , Kohl 's may collect mobile device identification and precise , real-time location-based information from technologies like Wi-Fi , or cell tower triangulation ( or a combination of these technologies ) .
If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi services or any location-based service offered through our mobile website or through a Kohl 's mobile application or click `` Do n't Allow '' when your mobile device requests your location-based information .
Once you elect to allow location-based services through a Kohl 's mobile application , you are agreeing that we can use your location data when you use location-based features like the store locator , and we can continue to collect your location information when you are at a Kohl 's Store unless you turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application .
Refer to Choices Regarding Your Information section below for more options .
( d ) Other Information : With respect to other information collected through our mobile website or Kohl 's mobile applications , we may collect the same type of information as addressed in `` Types of Information We Collect '' and will use and share the collected information in the manner described in `` How We Use Your Information '' and `` How We Share Your Information . ''
COOKIES & SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
( a ) General : A cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer 's browser .
At Kohls.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open .
We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag .
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser .
We use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation .
For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on Kohls.com .
Managing cookies varies from browser to browser , so please refer to your browser for further information .
If you would like to disable cookies from Kohls.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Site .
If you block cookies from Kohls.com , you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features of our Site .
We also use pixel tags ( sometimes called `` web beacons '' or `` clear gifs '' ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails .
Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior , collecting information about your visit , including pages you view , links you click , whether you open an email or if our banner ads on our Site or other websites are effective .
The information collected may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer .
We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before and immediately after coming to our Site , including banner ads bringing you to or taking you from Kohls.com
Identifiers for Advertising ( `` IFA '' ) or other device identifiers may be used when you use Kohl 's mobile application or utilize Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in Stores , as described in the Mobile and Location-Based Services portion of this Policy .
Kohl 's may also use service providers and/or third-party analytic companies acting on behalf of Kohl 's to implement these cookies , pixel tags and similar technologies to help us track , collect and analyze this information to improve our Site .
( b ) Technology Used to Serve Advertisements on Websites .
Kohl 's and our third-party vendors , such as Google , use first- and third-party cookies to inform , optimize and serve ads based upon a user 's past visits to our Site , and to report upon how Kohl 's ad impressions and other ad services are related to the Site .
We may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you .
This collective information may be used for interest-based advertising ( also called `` online behavioral advertising '' ) in order to personalize your online experience , improve our website , and to tailor our marketing to you .
To learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising , click here .
KOHL 'S SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES
( a ) Personal Information Collected Directly by Kohl 's : Kohl 's may collect personal information from you through our Social Media Pages if you provide it .
Examples of how personal information may be collected directly on Social Media Pages include your provision of information through ( i ) an application or form which links to this Policy , including Kohl 's sweepstakes or contests appearing on our Social Media Pages ; and/or ( ii ) you interact with a Kohl 's representative concerning a customer service or other issue , question , or comment .
( b ) Personal Information Collected by the Social Media Sites : This Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Kohl 's has Social Media Pages .
Please review the privacy policies and terms of use on the Social Media Pages if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices .
The social media sites where Kohl 's has its Social Media Pages may provide aggregate and customer information and analysis to Kohl 's about visitors ' use of our Social Media Pages and Kohl 's advertising on these sites .
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
( a ) Email : Each promotional email you receive from Kohl 's will offer you the continuing opportunity to cancel or opt out of Kohl 's email list .
( b ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : If you have signed up for text messages and/or mobile coupons , but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , you can simply follow the opt-out instructions provided in each mobile message , or you can contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 .
( c ) Mobile Application and Location-Based Services : If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using a location-based service or functionality or click `` Do n't Allow '' when your mobile device requests your location-based information .
In addition , if you previously opted into Kohl 's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application , you may turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application at any time through the Settings on your mobile device .
Additionally , you can stop collection of all location-based information by uninstalling the application and refraining from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services available in some Stores .
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
( d ) Postal Mail : If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail through the post mail , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address ( please be sure to include your full name and mailing address where you are receiving the direct mail that you wish to discontinue ) :
Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc .
Milwaukee , WI 53201
( f ) Cookies : Refer to the Help function of your browser to learn more about cookie settings and options .
( g ) Other Website Analytics Services : To learn more about the analytic services provided to Kohl 's by Omniture and Google , respectively , and/or to exercise your opt-out choices , please click on the following links :
( h ) Update Your Information : If you have created a Kohls.com shopping account and/or a gift registry , you can update your information by signing back into your account or registry .
If you have any other requests , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address :
Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc .
Milwaukee , WI 53201
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California law , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties , as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information .
If you want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address :
Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc. ,
Milwaukee , WI 53201
California residents are also advised that Kohl 's ( and certain third parties authorized by Kohl 's ) does track users ' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads , for instance , or as further described in the `` How We Use Your Information '' above .
As noted , we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Kohl 's Site and interact with other websites .
Once gathered , this information helps us to serve ads on our website and other websites .
You should be aware that our Site may not recognize Do Not Track header information from some or all browsers .
( a ) Online Security : Kohls.com utilizes Secure Sockets Layering ( `` SSL '' ) to encrypt the information you provide ( including , but not limited to , name , address and credit card number ) as it is transmitted across the Internet to Kohls.com .
This means you should not be able to place an order through an unsecured connection .
Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site , because of the open nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers or on those of our third parties , or transmitted to or from Kohls.com , will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure .
Accordingly , and as set forth in our Legal Notices , we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to , disclosure or damage to , interception of , theft , or loss of any data communications and/or personal information .
By using the Site , you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks .
Kohl 's is also BBB Accredited for the Web .
Click on the BBB Seal below to learn more about this certification .
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES BBBOnLine Reliability Seal
( b ) In-store Cameras : Kohl 's uses in-store cameras , primarily for fraud detection and security , as well as for operational purposes , such as measuring traffic patterns .
The Site , including its mobile applications and tools , is not marketed to , and does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from , children under the age of 13 .
MY KOHL 'S CHARGE
Please review the My Kohl 's Charge Online Privacy Policy available on the My Kohl 's Charge website to learn how any information you provide to My Kohl 's Charge is protected and used .
For your convenience , our Site may contain links to outside websites .
Kohl 's is not responsible for the web practices of those sites , and we expressly disclaim liability and responsibility for those links .
Please view the respective privacy policies and terms of use provided on those sites if you have any questions about their web practices , which Kohl 's has neither reviewed nor endorsed .
As we continue to offer new and different types of content and services , Kohl 's may modify our collection and use practices covered by this Policy .
Should there be a material change to our information practices , it will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis , and we will update this privacy policy statement as reflected by updating the date at the beginning of this Policy .
For this reason , Kohl 's encourages you to review this Policy statement each time you visit this Site .
HOW TO CONTACT US

It also applies to information we collect about you offline , such as in telephone calls or through email correspondence .
By accessing the Site and/or the Mobile Applications , you agree to and accept this Privacy Policy .
This privacy policy is effective as of July 1 , 2013 .
In the future , our Site or Mobile Application practices may change , and if appropriate , we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes , and you agree that the information we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect that information .
We 'll post the updated version here and may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy .
In addition , we suggest that you review this Privacy Policy periodically , as it may be updated from time to time .
Information You Provide on Site : You provide certain personally identifiable information ( such as your name and email address ) to Kongregate when choosing to participate in various activities on the Site such as chat , posting messages in the games comment section or in our forums , sending feedback , entering contests , responding to surveys , or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists .
Such information , and additional information ( such as address and credit or debit card information ) may be collected when uploading a game , or making a purchase .
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in our online chat rooms , forums , game comments or in creating user `` profiles '' .
Information that you disclose in these areas is public information , and will be accessible to anyone who uses our Site .
However , you may choose to have your profile page be public or private .
In the case where you chose to make your profile page private , the information there ( including challenges won , `` my friends '' list , etc . ) will only be visible to you .
Other Site Information We Track : This Site uses passive tracking technologies to log information such as IP address , browser type , pages visited , and Site usage ( for example : what pages are accessed , how often , referring/exit pages and URLs ) .
We may also employ `` cookies '' or similar technologies such as web beacons , match scripts , or pixel tags that provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately .
You can set your browser to reject cookies , but if you do , some features on our Site will not function normally .
Invite a Friend : You may invite friends to join the Kongregate community by using the `` invite a friend '' feature .
You will be required to submit your name and email address , as well as their name and email address .
Your friend 's personal information that you submit in this feature will be used only to send the email you request , and will not be otherwise stored or maintained by Kongregate .
Information You Provide via Mobile Applications : You may have the option to link your Mobile account to your Site account in certain Mobile Applications .
This will allow you to participate in content that crosses between the Site and Mobile games , such as Kongregate level points and badges .
If you choose this linking option the information we receive via the Site may also apply to Mobile Applications , and information we receive via your Mobile account may also apply to your usage of the Site and your Site account .
Information We Receive Through Mobile Applications : If you play a Kongregate game on a mobile device ( such as your phone or tablet ) we can collect mobile device identifiers that can include things like your MAC address and IP address .
We may also collect information such as device name and type , operating system , telephone number , country , and any other information you choose to provide such as your game character name or e-mail address .
Additionally , we may access third party information such as your phone or Facebook contacts provided you allow your device to connect to services and you have given the application permission to access this information .
We may only collect this information with your authorization and according to the rules you have established within your device permissions .
Mobile Application Notifications : With your consent , Kongregate mobile applications may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game information , news , updates , or other relevant information .
You can manage these updates from the options ' or settings ' page from within the Mobile Application or from your device control panel that manages these notifications .
Do Not Track : Do Not Track ( DNT ) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers , allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services .
At the present time , the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals , and , therefore , Kongregate does not recognize DNT .
How We Use This Information
We use the information we collect from the Site and Mobile Applications to respond to your requests and provide customer service , to remit revenue share payments , process credit card payments , let you know about new games and other news from Kongregate , ask for your input and feedback on what we are doing , provide personalized services and recommendations , to make certain offers available that we believe may be of interest to you , and as may otherwise be described in this Privacy Policy or at the time that we collect information from you .
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally identifiable Site usage data to improve the quality and design of the Site and Mobile Applications , to make certain offers and available that we believe may be of interest to you , and to create new features , promotions , and services by storing , tracking , and analyzing user preferences and trends .
We may also combine the information you submit to us with information we have collected from you in other forums , such as through emails or offline , or with publicly available information or information we obtain from third parties .
When so combined , we or our business partners may use the combined information to make offers to you that we believe may be of interest to you .
When We Might Disclose Information
As part of our regular business conduct , we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf , such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services or acting as our marketing partners .
In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership , the new owners will of course be provided with our files , including information you have submitted .
We will provide information in response to subpoenas , and we also will share information with government officials , including law enforcement officials or court authorities , in order to initiate or cooperate with any law enforcement or governmental investigation .
Unless we tell you first ( such as at the time we collect information from you ) , or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate , we do not share personally identifiable information that we have collected ( such as name or email address ) with other , third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes .
Links and Third Parties
From time to time we may include at the Site or on Mobile Applications links to other websites as a service to you .
The third party sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control , and your activities at those sites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties .
We encourage you to review the privacy practices of these third parties before disclosing any personally identifiable information , as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
We sometimes work with third parties to add features , advertisements , or offers to our Site or Mobile Applications .
These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit certain pages , or collect cookies that they have previously placed , along with the URL of the page you visited .
We may have to pass these providers a non-personally identifiable user number specific to your Mobile Application to properly credit your account .
Additionally , both the Site and Mobile Applications may utilize third party tracking services to anonymously analyze your usage activity , which will be used to improve your Site or Mobile Application experience .
We do not control those third parties or their use of data .
In some cases we may provide tools for you to limit data sent to third parties .
This privacy policy does not cover those third parties ' use of data .
To personalize the Site , and to simplify the registration process , we give you the option to link your account with Facebook .
When you link your account , Facebook may share data about you with us , and we may share information about you with Facebook .
In addition , Kongregate users who are your friends on Facebook will be shown your Kongregate username if you have both linked your Facebook accounts .
For more detail on how this feature works , please see our FAQ .
We use standard and reasonable technological and procedural measures to protect the information you provide .
We urge you to protect your password by not sharing it with anyone else , and to take measures to prevent it from unauthorized access or disclosure .
For example , select number and letter combinations that would be difficult for a third party ( or hacking program ) to determine , and do not write down your password next to your computer .
The Site and Mobile Applications are designed for and directed at people 18 years of age or older .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 .
If Kongregate learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will terminate access to the account immediately and will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) .
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :
If you are receiving Kongregate email advertisements and no longer wish to receive those email messages , you may opt out at the time you receive the message by following the instructions in that email .
Please allow ten ( 10 ) days for your request to be processed .
If you wish to review and edit or delete information you have provided to Kongregate , you may access your account information on the Site at any time by clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage .
If you do not agree with the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy , it may be best to limit your level of interaction with our Site or Mobile Applications , which could include simply not providing us with personal information .
While this will limit the services that our Site and Mobile Applications are able to provide ( chat , friends lists , challenges , etc . ) , most of the games will remain playable .
This option may be best for those who do not wish to provide the mandatory information required to set up an account .

This website is owned and operated by Kraft Foods Group , Inc .
At Kraft , we recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us and how we handle that information .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Games
`` Contact Us '' Link
Send To A Friend
Information Collected By Automated Means
Information We Collect From Other Sources
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Links To Other Websites
How We Protect Your Information
Updates To This Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us
On our website , we collect certain personally-identifiable information , such as name , telephone number and e-mail address , about online visitors who choose to register on our website or participate in our offers and programs .
We do n't require you to register or provide personally-identifiable information to view our site or access much of its content , such as our many delicious recipes .
But if you register , you may use certain additional features that allow you to receive or access your favorite recipes and participate in our interactive communities .
Sharing this additional information with us also helps us customize your website experience .
In addition , we may use the information you provide us to send you offers and information about Kraft , its portfolio of brands and its partners .
Here are the ways we collect personally-identifiable information .
To take full advantage of our offers , you may choose to register on our site .
In the registration process , we request certain information ( such as your contact information and age ) so we can provide you with the communications you request , tailor our website to better meet your needs and customize our contacts with you .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Games
Our site contains notices of contests , sweepstakes and games that you can enter .
We use the information you provide to conduct the promotion ( for example , to contact you if you 're a winner ) .
When you ask us to send you recipes , cooking ideas , or other content by e-mail , you may provide us with certain information like your e-mail address so we can fulfill your request .
If you sign up through Kraft First Taste , we may ask you for certain information so we can provide you with the communications and offers you requested , including information about new products and services .
When you participate through the Community portion of our site , such as using our Recipe Exchange , message boards , or other interactive functions , you may submit information and content , such as a recipe , rating , picture , etc . to the site .
Remember that what you post or upload to the site will be publicly available , so please exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose anything personal about yourself .
Kraft can not control the actions of third parties who may view the website and use publicly-available information for their own purposes .
`` Contact Us '' Link
If you contact us through the `` Contact Us '' link on this site , we ask you for information such as your first name , e-mail address , and other information , so we can respond to your questions and comments .
You may choose to provide additional information as well .
When you purchase products or services from Kraft , we request your billing information so we can fulfill your request .
We use your billing information only to send you the items you ordered .
Send to a Friend
We may give you the opportunity to tell your friends about features or information on our website .
If you take advantage of our Send to a Friend option , we ask you for your friend 's and your first name and e-mail addresses to send the information to them that you requested .
We do n't keep or use your friend 's e-mail address for any other purpose .
We offer visitors to our website various features for their enjoyment , which we change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personally-identifiable information so we can provide you with these features .
We may ask our website visitors and purchasers to complete surveys and opinion polls to provide feedback on activities , attitudes and interests .
These surveys help us understand the needs of our visitors and purchasers .
Information Collected By Automated Means
We may use cookies , web beacons/pixel tags , log files , and other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our website , use of our online services , and interactions with our emails and online advertisements .
For example , through these means , we may collect your browser type and operating system , viewed webpages , links that are clicked , IP address , sites visited before coming to our website , emails we send that you open , forward , or click through to our website .
Collecting this information , and linking it with your personally-identifiable information , helps us to best tailor our website and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site , and to help identify site features , recipes , advertisements , and offers that may be of particular interest to you .
We also may use third party advertisements placed by ad networks to support our site .
Some of these advertisers and ad networks may use technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and whether you have Flash installed .
Some of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous data , such as demographic data , received from third parties to assist in the delivery of advertisements to you .
These advertisers and ad networks use the information described above to provide you relevant advertisements based on your online behavior , search activities on our site and on other third party sites , demographic information and/or relevant to your general location , so that the advertising you see on our site more closely reflects your interests and needs .
For example , if you search for , or browse a , recipe or product on our site , you may see an advertisement from a third party with information about , or an offer similar to , that for which you were searching or browsing on our site , or an offer related to a third party whose site you have visited in the past .
We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new cookies , to receive notice when you receive a new cookie , to disable existing cookies , and to omit images ( which will disable pixel tags ) .
Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt out of advertising cookies .
You can learn more about and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance 's opt-out page here .
Without cookies or pixel tags though , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of Kraft 's website features .
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources , including commercially available sources , such as data aggregators and public databases .
This information may include name , demographic information , interests , and publicly-observed data , such as from social media and shopping behavior .
We may combine this information with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products .
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to contact you from time to time .
For example , we may ( i ) send you promotional offers , materials , and other communications and information about Kraft , its portfolio of brands and its partners , ( ii ) respond to your comments or questions , or ( iii ) contact you if needed while processing a product or service you requested through our website .
We also may use the information you provide to contact you for your opinions on Kraft products , services or websites .
As described in this Privacy Notice , we also use the information we collect about you to improve our website , products and services , and to deliver content that is customized to your interests .
How We Share Your Information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information about our website visitors , except as described here .
We do not share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent .
For California residents , please see Your California Privacy Rights below .
We may share personally identifiable information among Kraft brands and subsidiaries .
We may also share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf , such as to help run promotions , fulfill orders and provide customer service .
These service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for Kraft , but they are not authorized by Kraft to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on Kraft 's behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
In addition , we may disclose information where we think it 's necessary to investigate or prevent an actual or suspected crime or injury to ourselves or others , if required by law , or in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials .
We may conduct joint promotions with other companies .
We may share with our promotional partners ( and their service providers ) certain personally-identifiable information as necessary to conduct the promotion .
We will not share this information with our promotional partners for any other purpose unless you consent to such sharing .
During the normal course of our business , Kraft may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or any of our assets , information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity .
In addition , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties .
Should a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice .
Your California Privacy Rights
For California Residents : We may share your personally-identifiable information with affiliated third parties , some of which do not share the Kraft name , for their own direct marketing purposes .
Because this category of affiliates is considered to be unaffiliated parties under California Law , you may opt out of us sharing with them .
To opt out , please send a letter with your name , postal address , e-mail , with the heading California Privacy Rights to :
Kraft Foods Group , Inc .
Glenview , IL 60025
Attention : Consumer Relations
Links To Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites .
We provide these links solely for your convenience and information .
Different websites have different privacy practices .
You should always check the privacy notice of the specific site you 're visiting to understand the privacy practices associated with that site .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party websites .
You can change your preferences for follow-up contacts by Kraft .
If you 're registered with our website , you can change the information you 've provided to us in the `` Your Profile '' section of the site .
If you 're not registered with this site , you can change your preferences by clicking here .
If you prefer , you can cancel your registration altogether .
E-mail us if you wish to take this action .
This site is intended for general audiences and Kraft does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
How We Protect Your Information
The security of personally-identifiable information is important to us .
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized use , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personally-identifiable information we collect on this website .
Updates To This Privacy Notice
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time .
Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice .
We will indicate the notice 's effective date on the first page of the notice .
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice , you can contact us at :
Kraft Foods Group , Inc .
Glenview , IL 60025
Attention : Consumer Relations Group
9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Eastern Time , Monday through Friday , excluding holidays .
We would be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns .

( Last revised August 1 , 2012 )
This Site , whether web based , mobile web , or app , ( the `` Site '' ) is operated by Deseret Digital Media ( `` Operator '' ) .
The following Privacy Statement ( the `` Statement '' ) supplements the Terms of Use posted elsewhere within the Site .
You should read the Statement and the Terms of Use before you use the Site .
By using the Site , you agree to be bound by all of the terms , conditions and notices contained or referenced in the Statement .
You should review the Statement from time to time .
Operator may change the Statement at any time without notice by posting revisions to the Site .
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the revised Statement .
If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Statement , you must exit the Site immediately .
No Use by Children
The Site is not directed to , nor intended for use by , children ( defined as anyone age thirteen ( 13 ) or younger ) .
Children should not use the Site nor submit any information to Operator .
What Information is Collected
There are two general types of information that can be collected as a result of your use of the Site : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information ( such as your first and last name , home or other physical address , telephone number , email address , date of birth , other identifiers that permit physical or online contact with you , or any information about you collected online and maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with any of the preceding categories ) ( `` PII '' ) , and ( 2 ) aggregate information ( such as your IP address - a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet - the type of browser you are using , or other device specific information ) .
How is Information Collected
Operator collects information both actively and passively .
For example , Operator will collect information about you that you voluntarily provide on the Site .
In addition to information provided directly by you , Operator and third parties with features at the Site may collect aggregate information through the use of `` cookies '' or by other electronic means .
In general , a cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
With most browsers or other software , you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
You can refer to the instructions for your browser to learn more about these functions .
If you choose to reject cookies , the Site likely will not operate as efficiently for you .
Certain features available within the Site will require you to submit PII about yourself as a condition of participation .
Some of the features may be offered by Operator , while others may be offered by third parties .
( For example , you may be required to submit PII in order to enter a contest conducted by Operator , or you may be required to submit PII in order to receive news updates by email from a third party news source . )
In addition , Operator may ask you to provide PII for purposes unrelated to the use of a feature within the Site .
IN ALL CASES , YOU CAN ALWAYS REFUSE TO PROVIDE PII , BUT THIS MAY RESULT IN DECREASED FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE FOR YOU AND LIMIT YOUR ABILITY TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT MAY BE OF PARTICULAR INTEREST TO YOU .
In general , the use of Personal Information you choose to submit to a third party in connection with your use of the Site will be controlled by the privacy practices of the third party and not this Statement .
Ownership and Use of Information
ANY INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OPERATOR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE - REGARDLESS OF WHETHER CHARACTERIZED AS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OR AGGREGATE - WILL BELONG EXCLUSIVELY TO OPERATOR AND MAY BE USED , MAINTAINED , UPDATED , DISCLOSED OR SOLD BY OPERATOR AS DESIRED IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION .
OPERATOR MAY CHOOSE TO DISCLOSE NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU , THE CONSUMER , TO A THIRD PARTY FOR COMPENSATION
Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites
This Site includes third-party advertising .
These third parties ' websites and advertisers , or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf , may use the technology to send ( or `` serve '' ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your cookie information .
They may also use cookies , Javascript , Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements , collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements , and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see ( but not your name , address , or other Personally Identifiable Information ) .
Operator lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site set and access their cookies on your computer .
The third parties ' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies .
Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site .
For instance , clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site .
Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement .
These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not .
Once you 've left Operator 's Site , this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personally Identifiable Information or any other data collected from or provided by you .
You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how each third party site will handle such data .
The Site may include forums ( such as message boards , chat rooms , comment boards , and reviews ) that enable users to post a comment or communicate with each other .
Operator is under no obligation to moderate or edit the forums and will not be responsible for the content or use of any material posted on any forum within the Site .
Operator retains the right to delete at any time and for any or no reason any material posted within the Site .

To cancel a catalog subscription
Please allow 2-4 weeks to process your request .
Your privacy at Lands ' End
We value the trust you place in Lands ' End , and we want you to be aware of the safeguards we have in place to respect your privacy .
The below policy tells you about the information we gather about you and how we use it .
Types of personal information we may gather
Lands ' End gathers personal information from you in order to provide superior service , communicate offers on merchandise and services which we believe will be of interest to you , customize our communications to you , administer our business , and improve your shopping experience .
The following are examples of the personal information we gather from you .
Purchases - When you place an order , you give us your name , address , phone number and/or email address plus payment information .
Non-Purchases - There may be instances when you are not making a purchase at Lands ' End and you give us your name , address , phone number and/or email address , and where applicable , payment information , or when somebody else gives us your name , address , phone number and/or email address , and where applicable , payment information .
Some situations when this may occur are when you return or exchange merchandise , receive a gift from Lands ' End or enter a contest or participate in a promotion or survey sponsored by Lands ' End .
Personal Shopping Account - If you create a Personal Shopping Account with us so that you may place orders more conveniently , you authorize us to store your name and shipping address ( es ) , and payment information .
Catalog requests - We need your name and address in order to mail you a catalog .
We also require a phone number or email address so that we can contact you in the unlikely event there is an error in your address or other delivery problem .
email updates - When you subscribe to receive Lands ' End email updates featuring exclusive offers ( like free shipping ) , product news , special discounts , contest announcements and more , we require your email address .
You can unsubscribe anytime .
How we use personal information
We ask you for certain kinds of personal information in order to provide you with the services you request and to process and deliver your order .
We also may use your personal information to provide you with customized communications and keep you updated on the latest promotions or products that may interest you .
In addition , our site utilizes 'cookies . '
Cookies do not gather any of your personally identifiable information .
They do allow us to provide you with a more personalized shopping experience and enable you to fully interact with and complete your transaction on our site .
Lands ' End shares its customer information with its affiliated companies , including Sears and Kmart .
We also may share your information with our business partners ( below ) in order to provide you with certain services .
Finally , we do make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest you .
In addition , Lands ' End cooperates in advertising member networks with other consumer entities where we may communicate your personal information so that select members may inform you about products or services that might interest you .
If you first became a Lands ' End customer through a transaction with our parent company , Sears Holdings Corporation , we adhere to Sears ' privacy policy with respect to any personal information that you may share with us and with the business partners ( below ) that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling your order .
Along with respecting your privacy , Lands ' End diligently strives to keep your personal information safe and secure .
( Please see our Security Policy . )
What are cookies ?
'Cookies ' are small data files that one of our servers sends to your computer via your Web browser when you connect with our Web site .
Their primary function is to help us remember you by tracking your browsing sessions , which enables us to collect non-personally identifiable information ( such as your IP address , browser type , and domain name , etc . ) , and provide you with a more relevant shopping experience .
How we use cookies
We use cookies to help process your order through our website and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience .
To place an order and complete your transaction on landsend.com , you must have 'cookies ' enabled on your Web browser .
( If you do n't want to enable cookies but would like to place an order , please call us toll free at 1-800-800-5800 . )
You must also have cookies turned on in order to create a personal account on landsend.com and to access that online account .
Cookies also help us :
determine which features and tools you use , and which pages you visit on landsend.com
remember which items you 've placed in your shopping bag
enable you to checkout faster if you 've created an account with us
In addition , we use cookies to provide you with advertisements and promotions across various other websites from Lands ' End based on your web browsing behavior and to similarly allow other entities , in which you may be interested , to provide you with their advertisements and promotions across various other websites .
If you would like more information about this specific practice or would like to opt out of participating in this particular practice , please click here .
If you have any concerns about leaving cookies on your computer for extended periods , you can delete them using your browser preferences or privacy menus .
In order to ship and track merchandise , we make your name and address available to certain companies that help us provide you with those services .
If you do not want to have your name shared with non-affiliated companies , or if you no longer wish to receive Lands ' End catalogs or emails , please call 1-800-800-5800 .
Please include your name and mailing address in the message .
If you would like to no longer receive emails from Lands ' End , please unsubscribe or click on the 'unsubscribe ' link included in all emails sent by Lands ' End .
Children 's Privacy at Lands ' End
Lands ' End does not sell products for purchase by children .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use our website with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Moreover , Lands ' End is concerned about the safety of children .
Occasionally , Lands ' End may conduct promotions or contests that allow children under the age of 13 to participate .
In those instances , we will use reasonable efforts to obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from these participants .
Rest assured that Lands ' End will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without making reasonable efforts to obtain verifiable parental consent .
In addition , Lands ' End will not condition a child 's participation in an event on the provision of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity , and Lands ' End will not sell that information and will only use that information in the manner that we disclose in the promotion or contest .
Parents or guardians may also request that Lands ' End not make contact with their child .
If such a parental request is received , Lands ' End will make all reasonable efforts to make sure that no communications are sent to the child .

We have a pretty simple privacy policy .
We are reasonably sure this wo n't annoy anyone .
The entry of personal data on this site is completely optional and will require you to setup an account with a password and an email address .
Please choose a password that is not easy for someone else to guess , such as birthday , national identification number and phone number .
If you want to , you can also submit additional personal information ( including on your profile and on message boards ) .
Please remember that any information you submit becomes public information that can be viewed by others .
Certain third parties may have access to your data ( which may include personal information , but not your email contact information ) via our API and webservices or arrangements with our business partners .
These people may use this information for their own purposes , which may be either commercial or non-commercial in nature and may include targeted advertising or direct marketing .
These third parties may be based in the U.K. or elsewhere in the world .
We may use the email address provided by you to contact you from time to time about the Last.fm service .
We wo n't pass your email address on to anyone to contact you directly about their own products or services , not even Lars Ulrich at gunpoint ( unless you have provided your prior consent to do so ) .
Our policy is to provide a clear and easy way for you to opt out of receiving specific types of emails .
Your pseudonymous listening habit data will be available to other Last.fm users for non-commercial use and to third parties via our API for their own commercial and/or non-commercial purposes .
This statistical information is used to help third parties understand the likes and dislikes of music fans on Last.fm .
We may display links to third party sites which allow you to provide personal information to them directly .
We advise you to check their terms of use and privacy policies of these sites to find out how they are treating your personal information .
We use cookies ( which can only be read by us ) to collect data that we can use to improve the efficiency and quality of our service to you .
If you want , you can turn these cookies off , but it may mean that the Last.fm service does n't function quite as well .
Third party advertisement companies may also collect information ( which is generally not personally identifiable ) from you via cookies about the websites that you visit and your other activities on the Last.fm service .
We encourage you to read these businesses ' privacy policies if you are concerned about how they will handle your information and your choices concerning their use of your information .
Please read paragraph 12 of this policy for more information about the cookies used on the Last.fm website .
Unless you have disabled the use of cookies on your browser , by using the Last.fm services , you agree to the use of all the cookies listed in paragraph 12 .
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use our service and must not attempt to register with us and/or submit any personal information to us .
Young people between 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet ( including to us ) without asking their parents/legal guardians for permission beforehand .
At Last.fm , we are fully committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide to us .
We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected .
This Privacy Policy ( the Policy ) is designed to respect and protect the privacy of all visitors to the Website and is intended to inform you about the way that we treat your personal data .
The Policy explains how Last.fm collects and uses information .
We hope that our candour will remove any concerns you may have and will make visiting the Website a rewarding experience .
Although we endeavour to keep you up-to-date on all changes made to the Website , this Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you .
It is your responsibility to read the Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made .
In order to use certain features of the Website , you will need to register .
When registering you will be asked to provide an email address and create a username and password .
You may also choose to create a more detailed profile of yourself on the Website by submitting additional personal information .
Please note that even if you do not provide any additional personal information to the Website ( e.g. , by adding it to your user profile ) , if you choose a username that includes or reveals your name or any other personal information , such information may be available to other users of the Website and to the general public .
For purposes of this Policy , the terms personal information and personally identifiable information shall mean all information provided during your initial registration on the Website and during your creation of a user profile , including , for example , your real name , e-mail address , postal address and other location information , your age , your gender and certain other demographic information or information that may enable online or offline contact with you .
If you choose to purchase music or other goods or services by clicking on a third party link provided on the Website ( for example , a link to Amazon.com ) , such third party may collect your personal details ( such as your credit card number , address , etc . ) for the purpose of completing a transaction .
We may be provided with confirmation of your transactions with such third parties and , in some instances , such confirmation may include your personal information .
Aside from such confirmations , the only information that we will collect with respect to such third party links is : ( a ) the number of generic Last.fm users who utilised such links ; and ( b ) the number of purchases made by these generic users .
Where you upload photographs or other content as part of your user profile , you should be aware that Last.fm is entitled to use those photographs and content in accordance with our Terms of Use .
Last.fm discourages users from uploading photographs of friends or other people without their permission .
From the moment you register and begin listening to music on Last.fm , our Profile Navigation software will begin to create and maintain your record collection .
This is accomplished by monitoring your activity on the website ( i.e . which songs you listen to , which songs you skip , and the degree of difference or similarity you request when you choose to skip a particular song ) .
In addition , your record collection will be affected by other actions you take , such as sending a song recommendation to another user or manually selecting certain songs , albums or artists to be included in your record collection .
All of the information that is generated by your activity on the website is fed back into Profile Navigation in order to fine tune your profile so that Last.fm can play more of what you like and less of what you do n't like .
Last.fm also maintains a central database of information collected by the Profile Navigation software ( which may include your personal information ) .
Last.fm makes some of this information available to third parties to undertake development of new products and services via the API .
Last.fm does not process any personally identifiable information related to your record collection and/or profile in any manner other than as described in this Policy .
However , please note that , in addition to the third party access that is identified in this Policy , your record collection ( including your skipping history ) may be viewed by all other users of Last.fm ( who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Last.fm users ) and that they may easily associate this information with your Last.fm username .
Please see the Statistical Information section below to learn more on this subject and to learn how we log and use information related to your record collection and/or profile in the aggregate .
We keep track of the domains from which people visit Last.fm , but we can not see a user 's zip code , post code , city or country unless the user chooses to explicitly provide this information to us .
If you do choose to include information about your city or country of residence when setting up your user profile , please be aware that such information may be available for viewing by other users of the Website and to the general public .
We collect data regarding the users of Last.fm , including : ( i ) The Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the user 's computer .
This may or may not be associated with a particular Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) ; ( ii ) The referring URL , if any ; ( iii ) The browser software identification ( i.e . the brand and version of your browser software ) .
We log certain information concerning the listening , skipping and music-sharing activities of users and other activities whilst they use the Website , and we may match such information with personally identifiable information concerning such users .
For example , it is possible for us to know which records you listen to , which you skip , which you recommend to other users and which you add to your record collection .
However , information related to your listening , skipping and music-sharing activities may be viewed by all other users ( who may include other organisations or representatives of other organisations who have registered as Last.fm users ) in conjunction with your Last.fm username and by third parties who have access to this information via Last.fm 's API and webservices , as further explained in this Policy .
Please note that we do log and use statistical information in the aggregate .
For example , we know the number of users who skip a particular song .
From this information we are able to compile statistics in the form of percentages of all users ( i.e . 29 % of our users skipped song XYZ ) .
We can of course compare the skipping statistics of one song to those of another song .
We are also able to perform more sophisticated statistical operations based on the information collected .
For example , we can determine the raw number ( and associated percentages ) of users who listen to one particular song that also listen to other particular songs .
From this information , we are able to determine which songs are neighbours in terms of overall listener taste and we can see which genres of music tend to be neighbours .
As a service , we may supply certain aggregate statistical information to record labels and artists that allow us to stream their music on Last.fm in order to help them understand the likes and dislikes of music listeners .
Use of Personal Information
We will use the email address provided by you when you register to contact you from time to time .
This may be for security reasons ( so that we can check that you are who you say you are ) , to ask your opinion about the Website , or it may be to keep you updated on the services currently available on the Website and any changes to those services and those that we intend to launch in the future .
We may also use such personal information to send you notices , on behalf of others and ourselves , regarding products and services that we think may be of interest to you .
Last.fm may also use your personal information and non-personal information to help Last.fm and its commercial partners deliver targeted advertisements , promotions and other similar initiatives to you .
Your username , together with other information concerning your use of the Last.fm Website , as well as any personal information included in your user profile , will be made available via Last.fm 's open application interface ( the API ) , which forms part of our AudioScrobbler ' technology .
See section 11 below for further details .
We will not permit any third parties to contact you directly on an unsolicited basis in relation to their own products or services , unless you have provided your express prior consent when signing up on the Website .
Message Boards / Chat / Communications With Other Users
We currently offer message board functionality and in the future we may offer other interactive features , such as instant messaging and chat .
Please note that all personal information you display or communicate using such functionality becomes public information and we are not responsible for any information you choose to make public .
We may , but have no obligation to , monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity , defamation or abusive language , which we reserve the right to remove at any time .
In addition , if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other Last.fm user by exchanging postal/email addresses , telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of Last.fm , you do so at your own risk .
Last.fm can not be held responsible for any consequences which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other Last.fm users in places or under circumstances which we do not control .
We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you post information , socialise or interact with people whom you have met via the internet .
From time to time , you may be able to send to a friend , and a friend or contact may be able to send to you , information about our Website or services ( e.g. , to provide you with access to a song or message ) , by clicking on an E-mail-a-Friend or similar button on the Website or other third-party websites .
In some of these cases ( unless you simply forward an e-mail from Last.fm on your own ) , you , or your friend , may be able to provide your friend 's , or your , name and e-mail address to us .
Such information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law .
If Last.fm receives your email address in this way and you are not an existing registered user of the Website , Last.fm will delete your email address immediately after providing you with the song or message .
Last.fm does not collect or store personal information received from third parties .
In order to ensure that Last.fm is functioning at its best , from time to time we may ask you to upgrade to a newer version of our software .
In addition , we may find it necessary to send you automatic fixes or support files .
If we make a modification that materially affects your privacy , we will endeavour to notify you of such modification and we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly .
We may display links to third party sites .
However , we can not control and can not be held responsible for those other sites , their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users .
We advise you to check their terms of use and privacy policies to find out how they are treating your personal information .
Last.fm complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) , including UK amending legislation and E.U .
We may store information provided by you on our servers both in the U.S. and in the U.K. See Section 18 below for additional information .
Last.fm Software and transfers of your information
If you choose to download the Last.fm software , it will monitor all the music you listen to on your computer ( even if you are not online ) .
It will then send this information to Last.fm via Audioscrobbler .
This information will then be integrated into Last.fm to enhance the depth of your record collection and the accuracy of your profile .
The Last.fm software can not and will not collect and transfer any other information from your computer other than as described above .
However , please be advised that Last.fm can not be liable for any damage which may occur to your computer as a result of downloading the Last.fm software , nor shall it be liable for any invasion of privacy related to the same .
We may use third-party partners to help operate our Website , and we may share your information with our affiliates , service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through this Website or for our business ( such as Web site or database hosting companies , address list hosting companies , e-mail service providers , analytics companies , distribution companies , fulfillment companies , and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf ) .
Last.fm operates an open API ' and webservices program , which enables developers and other third parties to freely use statistics and data collected by Last.fm to create programs and other interesting services which help develop the Last.fm community .
Certain third party individuals or organisations may have access to your personal information ( excluding your email contact information ) via Last.fm 's API and webservices or as a result of agreements between Last.fm and its preferred partners .
( However , you should be aware that if you provide your e-mail contact information and/or username directly to any such third parties , they may use your information for their own purposes . )
Such partners may use such information for their own purposes , which may be either commercial or non-commercial in nature and which may include targeted advertising or direct marketing .
These third parties may be based in the United Kingdom or elsewhere ( including outside of the EEA ) .
Certain third-party advertisements on the Website may enable you to submit your username and/or other personal information within the advertisement in order to receive information or services provided by third parties .
Such advertisements are provided by third parties , and thus , the collection and use of information submitted via the advertisements is by such third parties and is subject to their privacy policies .
Last.fm can not guarantee that all third parties will abide by such restrictions .
Where we deem it appropriate , we will take appropriate action against such third party , which may include terminating their access to personal information .
Does Last.fm use cookies
Last.fm collects information about you using cookies .
We use this information to help us improve the efficiency and quality of our service .
For example , to remember your preferences ( such as your language settings and volume control ) , keep track of your music play history and help personalise your Last.fm experience .
We also use analytics cookies which provide anonymised data about your use of the Website for statistical purposes .
This helps us to monitor and improve the Website .
We provide much more information about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy .
We may use third-party advertising companies to target and serve ads when you visit our Website .
These third party advertisers may drop cookies onto your device when serving these adverts .
These advertising companies will use the information generated by these cookies ( which may , for example , monitor your browsing activity ) to serve advertising to you which is more likely to be related to your interests ( i.e . based on the sorts of sites you visit ) .
Please note that we do not disclose personally identifiable information about you , which you have privately provided to Last.fm , to our advertiser partners without your consent .
You can find much more information about how third party advertiser cookies are used on the Website in our Cookie Policy .
Last.fm endeavours to protect the security of your information as much as we endeavour to protect our own information and network .
We employ firewalls and store all of our files and information on terminals which require password access .
You should never disclose your account password to unauthorised people .
We use certain security measures to help keep your personal information safe , but we can not guarantee that these measures will stop any users try to get around the privacy or security settings on the Website through unforeseen and/or illegal activity .
Consequently , you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which your personal information may be accessed by unauthorised persons .
In the event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you .
If a notification is appropriate , we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances , and , to the extent we have your e-mail address , we may notify you by e-mail .
You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification .
Last.fm Policy for Young People
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use the Website and must not attempt to register with Last.fm and/or submit any personal information to us .
We do n't knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register .
If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13 , we will delete this information as quickly as possible .
We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet ( including to us ) without asking their parents/legal guardians for permission beforehand .
We believe in privacy and therefore will take all reasonable measures to ensure that your personally identifiable information remains private .
However , in the event that we are required to disclose personally identifiable information by a court , the police or other law enforcement bodies for their investigations , regulation or other governmental authority we will make such a disclosure without being in violation of this Policy .
If Last.fm is acquired by another company or sells all or a portion of its assets to another company , or in the event of a merger , it is likely that user information will be a part of the assets transferred .
If as a result of such a business transition information is to be collected , used or disclosed in a manner or for a purpose different from that stated above , Last.fm will endeavour to notify all users of such changes beforehand .
By disclosing any information to Last.fm through the Website and by using the Last.fm Website as a registered user , you are consenting to the collection , storage and use of your personal information by Last.fm as set out in this Policy and the Terms and Conditions , and you understand and consent to the collection , maintenance , processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories .
If you do not consent to the collection , maintenance , processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories , then you should not use the Website as a registered user , which means that many features will be unavailable to you .
When you give your personally identifiable information to Last.fm , it may be used by Last.fm and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries for the purposes of , for example , providing you services and sending you correspondence , and additionally may be transferred to entities other than Last.fm 's affiliates , which entities may be located in countries outside the EEA , including the United States .
Each of these countries has different privacy laws that afford varying levels of protection for your personally identifiable information , and such laws may not be as comprehensive as those that exist in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
By registering with Last.fm , you consent to Last.fm 's and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries ' transmission to , and processing of your information in , any jurisdiction , in accordance with its Privacy Policy .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If Last.fm makes any changes to this Policy these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected , how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed .
If you are concerned about how your information is collected , used or disclosed , you should periodically check back at this page .
If you have any specific concerns not addressed in the Policy , please contact us using the feedback page on the website .
Because the Last.fm community relies on users sharing information , withdrawing your consent will mean that you are not able to receive the full benefits of Last.fm 's service as a user .
Additionally , if you do not provide your consent , or if you withdraw your consent , you should not use the Website as a registered user , which means that many features will be unavailable to you .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of Tuesday 15 January 2013 .

We understand that making purchases online involves your trust .
Retaining your trust is a responsibility that we take very seriously .
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors ; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information .
By disclosing your personal information to us by using our website or over the telephone , you consent to the collection , storage and processing of your personal information as stated in this policy .
The personal information that we collect from you shall be obtained , processed and transmitted in compliance with applicable data protection legislation .
Since our servers are located in the United Kingdom , the personal information that we collect from you shall be obtained , processed and transmitted in compliance with European Directives 95/46 and 2002/58 , as well as any other such legislation that replaces , substitutes , complements and develops it such as the Data Protection Act 1998 from the United Kingdom .
`` Personal Information '' means information that relates to a living individual who can be identified from that information or from that information together with other information which is held by or is likely to be held by us .
Back to the top
What personal information do we collect
We may collect , store and use the following kinds of personal information :
information that you provide by filling in any booking forms or other forms on our website or which you give us over the telephone , including your name , ( home or office ) address , date of birth , ( business or private ) email address , ( mobile , home or office ) telephone number , credit card details ( i.e . credit card type and number , CVC code , expiration date , credit card holder name ) and to the extent available , reservation preferences and smoking preferences ;
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website including where you have clicked on any of our advertising links or banners , ( including your IP address , geographical location , browser/platform type and version , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) and ( for users of our service through a mobile device ) Unique Device Identifier , operating system , referral source/exit pages , length of visit , page views , website navigation , date/time stamp information and details like the number and location of ( mouse ) clicks on a given page , mouse movements , scrolling activity and the ( search ) words you use and the text you type while being on and using our website ) ;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us ;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services , email notifications and/or newsletters ; and
any other information that you choose to send to us .
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes , although you do not have to respond to them .
Back to the top
Information about other people
If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself , you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used and that you are authorised to disclose it to us , and consent its use on their behalf , before doing so .
Back to the top
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser , and stored by the browser .
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server .
This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser .
We use both `` session '' cookies and `` short-term '' cookies on the website .
We will use the session cookies for such purposes as to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website .
We will use the short-term cookies for such purposes as to enable our website to recognise you when you visit .
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser .
Short-term cookies will remain stored on your computer for a period of 30 days .
In addition to this , we use web analytics services provided by Google , Inc ( `` Google '' ) and WT EMEA Acquisition Ltd ( `` Webtrends '' ) .
Google and Webtrends use cookies , to help analyse how visitors use our website .
The information generated by the cookie about the use of our website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google and Webtrends on servers in the United States .
Google and Webtrends will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website , compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage .
Google and Webtrends may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's or Webtrends behalf .
Google and Webtrends will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google or Webtrends .
We also work with advertising partners to serve ads that we believe are most likely to be of interest to you , based on information about your visit to this and other websites ( this information is anonymous in that it does not include your name , street address , e-mail address or telephone number ) .
In order to do this , our advertising partners may need to place a cookie ( a small text file ) on your computer .
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies , whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies .
For example , in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking `` Tools '' , `` Internet Options '' , `` Privacy '' , and selecting `` Block all cookies '' using the sliding selector .
Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites , including this one .
Below is a detailed list of the cookies that we use on this website , including those cookies that are essential for the website to operate .
Cookie Name Cookie Type Purpose and Further Information
This cookie notes customer data such as your preferred language/currency/country , and it is vital for the website to work .
Search Short ( 7 days )
This cookie enables us to store your search preferences so that the website remembers what you are searching for , such as number of nights , children , adults , arrival date , etc . and it is vital for the website to work .
Cookie Name Cookie Type Purpose and Further Information
This cookie retains your current session so that you can return to the website if you encounter a browser issue and will still be able to make a booking .
Third Party Cookie Type Purpose and Further Information
Partner Cookies Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These cookies are used to identify which partner has referred a user when they have arrived on the website via a link from another site .
This cookie is placed by the partner site prior to arriving on the website .
This enables us to identify referral customers and remunerate partners and is vital to the functioning of the affiliate referral program .
Webtrends Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These cookies monitor the traffic volumes to the website to allow us to understand how the website is working and fix any problems .
This ensures that the website is fully functional and optimised to create the best possible user experience .
Google Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These cookies monitor the traffic volumes to the website to allow us to understand how the website is working and fix any problems .
This ensures that the website is fully functional and optimised to create the best possible user experience .
Tealeaf Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These are cookies that are used to analyse a user 's actions across our website during single and multiple visits so we can understand how you are using the website .
This provides us with information to ensure the best possible user experience .
Maxymiser Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These are cookies that are used to analyse a user 's actions and behaviours on our website through conversion optimisation solutions so we can understand how you are using the website .
This provides us with information to ensure the best possible user experience .
Third Party Cookie Type Purpose and Further Information
Criteo Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These third party cookies allow us to deliver adverts to you ( after you have left LateRooms.com ) that show the best hotel deals for the locations you have been searching for .
This means that you will be shown deals that you may have missed without having to search the site again .
This is called online behavioural advertising , a common online advertising practice and does not collect any personal data .
Efficient Frontier Short ( 7 days )
These third party cookies allow us to monitor the effectiveness of our search marketing campaigns on Google , Yahoo and MSN .
This means we can make the adverts more useful to you by providing you with content that is timely and relevant .
AddThis Persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These are cookies are used to enable sharing of content and they also measure content impacts across various social network streams .
Banners Variable , but some will be persistent ( longer than 30 days )
These third party cookies allow us to monitor the effectiveness of our online banner marketing campaigns on Doubleclick ( Google ) , Yahoo , Xaxis , Yahoo , MSN and Flashtalking amongst others .
This means we can make the adverts more useful to you by providing you with content that is timely and relevant .
We also use these cookies to ensure we are not serving a high volume of ads to you .
To opt-out of receiving these cookies please follow these links :
Some of our Website pages and HTML-formatted e-mail newsletters may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about website usage .
A Web beacon is an electronic image , called a single-pixel ( 1x1 ) or clear GIF and are used like cookies to recognize certain types of information on your computer , such as your cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
Back to the top
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website .
We may use your personal information to :
manage and administer the website ;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website ;
enable your use of the services available on the website including providing you with login in details so you may access details of your bookings ;
manage , administer , mediate and contract the services offered by us via the website and/or our call centre ;
manage , administer , mediate and contract your bookings made through the website and/or our call-centre ;
send you general ( non-marketing ) commercial communications including communications about any important changes to the website and/or surveys we may ask you to complete ;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested including email nofitications confirming your bookings made via the website and/or our call centre ;
contact you by electronic means ( e-mail or SMS ) with information such as special offers for goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you , unless you have opted out of receiving such information ( you can inform us at any time if you do not wish to receive such marketing communications by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link ) ;
send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to new services , our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or , where you have specifically agreed or subscribed to this , by email or similar technology ( you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link ) ;
provide third parties with statistical information about our users ' but this information will not be used to identify any individual user ;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website , your bookings and/or the services offered by us or our suppliers ;
to analyse and improve the services offered on our website and to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience .
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate for marketing and strategic development purposes ;
send you an email inviting you to leave a guest review on the website following your stay ; and
deliver marketing and advertising to you that show services and deals that we think you will be interested in including via targeted advertising on third party websites and/or platforms .
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website , we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us .
We may monitor , record , store and use any telephone email or other communication with you for monitoring purposes , in order to check any instructions given to us by you , for staff training purposes , for crime prevention and to improve the quality of our customer service .
We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing by such third party unless you have provided your express consent by activating the `` opt-in '' option on the website .
In such cases , we shall only transfer to the third party adequate , relevant and not excessive personal data ( name , address and email addresses ) so you will be able to receive direct marketing material from such third party .
You can inform us at any time if you no longer wish for your details to be disclosed to such third party and we will no longer disclose your information .
The relevant third party will show their contact information in their marketing material and we have no control over such third party marketing material , therefore we disclaim any kind of liability that may arise from such third party marketing material .
You expressly agree to such uses of personal information .
Back to the top
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees , officers , agents , suppliers , partners or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy or whom we have appointed to process information on our behalf or manage aspects of our website .
Please note we must disclose information about you to the relevant suppliers of your travel arrangements .
In addition , we may disclose your personal information :
to the extent that we are required to do so by law ;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings ;
in order to establish , exercise or defend our legal rights ( including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk ) ;
to the purchaser ( or prospective purchaser ) of any business or asset which we are ( or are contemplating ) selling ; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where , in our reasonable opinion , such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information .
Except as provided in this privacy policy , we will not provide your information to third parties .
You expressly agree to such disclosures of personal information .
Back to the top
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we and/or our suppliers operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy .
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , in particular where your booking destination is outside the EEA .
Please note , if we can not pass this information to the relevant accommodation and/or service providers , whether in the EEA or not , we can not provide the services to you .
Information may be transferred to companies contracted by us to perform services in connection with this website who are based outside the EEA including in the United States , where such organisations have signed up to the US Safe Harbour Principles and/or contracts providing an adequate level of protection have been signed .
In addition , personal information that you submit for publication on the website as a review will be published on the internet and may be available , via the internet , around the world .
We can not prevent the use or misuse of such information by others .
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information .
Back to the top
Security of your personal information
Please note that , in accordance with European personal data protection laws , we will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss , misuse or alteration of your personal information .
Of course , data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure , and we can not guarantee the security of data sent over the internet .
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential .
We will not ask you for your password ( except when you log in to the website ) .
Back to the top
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website .
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes .
Your continued use of the website shall constitute your agreement and acceptance of the changes to this policy .
Back to the top
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you .
Provision of such information will be subject to :
the payment of a fee ( currently fixed at 10.00 ) ; and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity ( for this purpose , we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address ) .
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law .
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time .
In practice , you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes , or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes .
Back to the top
The website contains links to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites including use of cookies on such third party websites and you should prefer to the third party 's privacy policy for more information .
Back to the top
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated .
Back to the top
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information , please contact us here or by post to Late Rooms Ltd , The Peninsula Building , 2 Cheetham Hill Road , Manchester , M4 4EW .
Back to the top
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Late Rooms Limited , whose registered office address is TUI Travel House , Crawley Business Quarter , Fleming Way , Crawley , West Sussex , RH10 9QL .
Our data protection registration number is Z8168511 .

The privacy of your personal information is important to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and our affiliated legal entities ( referred to in this policy collectively as the Church , we , us , and similar terms ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to be a general statement that describes how we collect , use , and process personal information you provide on our websites or Internet applications ( referred to as sites ) .
We strive to collect , use , and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we collect personal information .
This Privacy Policy applies to this site , which is owned and operated by the Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Corporation of the Presiding Bishop of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or FamilySearch International ( as noted specifically on the first page of the website ) .
In selected jurisdictions , the Church-affiliated entities may adopt unique Privacy Policy provisions to reflect the requirements of applicable local laws .
When a separate provision is deemed necessary , we will provide you with an additional notice .
You can visit most of our sites without providing any personal information .
When personal information is requested , we adhere to the following privacy principles regarding how we collect , use , disclose , transfer , and store your information .
When you create an LDS Account directly or through a FamilySearch site , register an account on one of our sites , add profile information , or take other similar actions , we may collect or obtain from you or your membership records ( if applicable ) information including , but not limited to , your name , address , e-mail address , phone number , photo , contact or profile preferences , and Church unit information .
We may also collect information your Internet device or web browser sends whenever you visit one of our sites , including an Internet Protocol address .
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information you provide to ( a ) allow us to contact you , ( b ) fulfill requests you make , ( c ) seek your voluntary feedback on website features or content , or ( d ) help fulfill our mission .
We may also use your personal information for internal purposes , including auditing , data analysis , system troubleshooting , and research .
In addition , we may use both the personal information you provided and the information your web browser sends ( see section 10 below ) in order to detect users who appear to be causing harm to our sites or in order to personalize users ' experiences on our sites .
If your information will be used for any purpose besides those outlined above , we will specifically inform you and obtain your consent , if legally required .
From time to time , we may also make you aware of options to opt out of using or opt in to use certain features .
Use of Church Membership Information
If you are a member of the Church , your general membership information ( for example , name , address , and phone number ) and other optional information you may choose to provide ( for example , email address , photo , and so forth ) may be shared with Church members in your ward or branch and stake or district for internal Church purposes with your prior consent if your consent is legally required .
Some of your information may also be viewable on a limited and restricted basis on our Internet sites , including LDS.org .
You may opt out of sharing information or limit the optional information you share by modifying your profile preferences on individual sites .
In addition , your membership information , including your personal contact information , may be shared with Church leadership for internal Church purposes .
On some of our sites you may provide your own content and comments in selected areas .
Some of your submissions are intended to be private and not viewable by others ( for example , personal online notes , journaling , or similar features ) .
However , other content submissions may be intended to be publically available and viewable by others ( for example , written testimonials or online comments in selected areas of our sites ) .
In instances where your content submissions will be made publically available or shared with other third parties , we will ask for your express agreement either at the time you create a separate profile ( for example , mormon.org or familysearch.org ) or at the time you upload content ( for example , when you upload video clips or genealogy information ) .
We recommend that you use caution when providing content intended to be viewed publically and that you avoid posting information that could cause harm or injury , or risk of harm or injury , to yourself or others .
All types of content submissions you provide will be stored either on our systems or the systems of our affiliates or third parties ( as defined in section 7A below ) .
While industry standards are used to safeguard your submissions from unauthorized access , disclosure , or modification ( as defined in section 8 below ) , we can not guarantee complete privacy and we may , in some instances , choose or be legally required to disclose such information to third parties as outlined in section 7 of this policy .
Though we are under no obligation to monitor your content submissions , we reserve the right to do so at our sole discretion .
We also reserve the right to block or remove any content we deem inappropriate , obscene , lewd , lascivious , filthy , violent , harassing , defamatory , libelous , tortious , illegal , threatening , or otherwise objectionable , regardless of whether it was intended to be private or public .
Since we do not review all content submitted through every feature on every site , we can not guarantee that we will be able to take protective measures in the event you provide content disclosing information about a person who is a victim of harm or abuse or is at risk of becoming a victim of harm or abuse .
When we become aware of content that we consider to be offensive or that could compromise the privacy of your personal or confidential information or that of another person , we will make a good-faith effort to block or remove such content .
We retain collected personal information and submissions for a reasonable period of time to fulfill the collection purpose and then delete it from our records , with the exception of limited historical profile information , general genealogy records , and membership information retained as part of a permanent genealogical or Church historical record .
We endeavor to maintain the accuracy of personal information and rely on you to ensure your personal information is complete and accurate .
You may verify , correct , or remove your personal information through your website-specific registration , through your profile , or through your LDS Account , where applicable .
If you are a Church member , some of your personal information may be updated only by making changes to your Church membership record .
Such changes must be made by contacting the clerk in your Church unit and requesting the change .
Upon receiving your e-mail message , we will do our best to provide you with a response within 30 days .
If we can not honor your request within the 30-day period or can not provide you access to the requested information , we will explain why .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We regard your personal information as confidential and do not sell it to anyone .
We do not share your personal information with other parties except in the following circumstances ( or in other instances where we specifically inform you and obtain your prior consent ) :
We may provide personal information to third parties for their use in performing internal functions on our behalf ( for example , payment processing , maintenance , security , data analysis , hosting , and so forth ) .
In such instances , the providers will be contractually required to protect personal information from additional use ( including for marketing purposes ) or transfer in accordance with this Privacy Policy and industry standards .
B . Church Entities .
We may transfer personal information to any Church-affiliated entity to accomplish Church purposes .
For membership information transfers from the European Union , we rely on standard clause agreements between Church entities in compliance with European Union requirements .
For online submissions of personal information , we deem an individual 's submission to be an affirmative act , indicating informed consent to the processing of the data as well as informed consent to allow the transborder data transfer to the United States of America , where applicable , for the purposes for which it was provided .
C. Legal Requirements .
We may access and disclose your personal information , posts , journal entries , online chats , personal notes , content , or other submissions to any website if we have a good-faith belief that doing so is required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order or otherwise required by law .
Additionally , we may disclose your personal information and other information where we , in good faith , deem it appropriate or necessary to prevent a violation of our other agreements ; to take precautions against liability ; to protect the rights , property , or safety of the site , of any individual , or of the general public ; to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our services or infrastructure ; to protect ourselves and our services from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses ; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations ; or to assist government law enforcement agencies .
We use technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information we receive against loss , misuse , and unauthorized alteration and to protect its confidentiality .
We regularly review our security procedures and consider appropriate new security technology and methods .
We also use current encryption technology to encrypt the transmission of data on our log-in pages .
However , because we can not guarantee the complete security of these encryption technologies , please use caution when submitting personal information online .
Where local law permits , you may submit personal information , including contact information about someone other than yourself ( in other words , a third party ) to allow us to make contact with that person , make a delivery , or otherwise meet your request .
The information collected will be used solely to facilitate your request .
When providing personal information about anyone other than yourself , you must first obtain the other person 's informed consent if his or her consent is legally required .
If you or someone else has provided us with your personal contact information and you would like to request that we do not contact you further , please follow the unsubscribe or opt-out procedures provided on the specific site , newsletter , e-mail notification , or the like .
Passive Data Collection : Tracking Technologies , Cookies , and Clear GIFs
When you visit any of our sites , our servers or filtering systems may collect information that your web browser sends any time you visit a website .
This information may include but is not limited to your browser type , your operating system , your language preference , any referring web page you were visiting before you came to our site , the date and time of each visitor request , and information you search for on our sites .
We also use cookies and clear GIFs to collect information .
A cookie is a small bit of data used to transfer information to either your computer 's hard drive or your web browser for record-keeping purposes .
A cookie serves as a sort of label that allows our sites to recognize your web browser when you return to our sites .
A clear GIF ( also known as a web beacon ) is used in combination with cookies to help us understand how visitors interact with our sites .
A clear GIF is typically a transparent graphic image placed on a website .
The use of clear GIFs allows us to monitor your actions when you open a web page and makes it easier for us to follow and record the activities of recognized browsers .
For example , using clear GIFs , we can track the path of page visits on a website and monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our sites .
We collect this information to better understand how you use and interact with our sites in order to improve your experience .
We may also share this information with our employees , contractors , service providers , and affiliated entities as defined in section 7 .
You can change your web browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use some sections or functions of our sites .
Policy Compliance and Questions Regarding the Privacy of Personal Information
We have a data privacy officer who helps ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and answers questions about data privacy or security issues .
This officer also helps educate Church employees concerning compliance .
Inquiries concerning this Privacy Policy or the security of personal information that we process may be sent through e-mail , fax , or mail to the following :
Address : Data Privacy Office
Salt Lake City , UT 84150-0018
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 on most of our sites .
Any of our sites that collect children 's information will do so only with the prior express and informed consent of the child 's parent or guardian in compliance with applicable law .
We strongly recommend that minors under the age of 18 ask their parents for permission before sending any personal information to anyone over the Internet , and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe Internet use practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third-party sites .
For your own protection , you should review the policies of other sites to ensure they meet your personal privacy expectations .
Future Changes to Privacy Policy
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may change , modify , add , or remove portions as needed .
If we change this Privacy Policy in ways that affect how we use your personal information , we will notify you here or in a notice on our home page .
We will also update the revision date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to remain informed of any changes .
This version of the Privacy Policy became effective on February 01 , 2012 .

Updated : March 2013
Legacy.com , Inc. provides various features tools that allow users to access obituaries , express condolences and share remembrances of friends and loved ones .
Please read the following privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) carefully before using the Services .
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
PRIVACY ALERT : YOUR POSTINGS GENERALLY ARE ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC
CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers how Legacy.com , Inc. ( collectively , `` Legacy.com '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' ) treats user or personally identifiable information that the Services collect and receive .
If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from a website operated in conjunction with one of our affiliates ( `` Affiliates '' ) , the privacy policy of the Affiliate will govern unless such policy states otherwise .
Subject to the above , this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Legacy.com , Inc. does not own , operate or control , or to people that it does not employ or manage .
In general , you can browse the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself to us .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals , except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals on interactive areas of the Services .
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that can be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person , such as name , postal address , email address , phone number , and credit card number , among other information , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
Any posting made while using the Services , and any other information that can be viewed by the public and therefore is not considered `` personal information '' or `` Personally Identifiable Information '' , and is not the type of information covered by this Privacy Policy .
Personally Identifiable Information .
Examples of Personally Identifiable Information we may collect include name , postal address , email address , credit card number and related information , and phone number .
We may also collect your date of birth , geo-location , social networking profile picture and the date of birth and date of death for the deceased person in connection with certain features of the Services .
We also maintain a record of all information that you submit to us , including email and other correspondence .
We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you register to receive alerts or offerings , sponsor , access or submit information in connection with certain Services , post other content through the Services , purchase products or other services , opt-in to receive special offers and discounts from us and our selected partners or participate in other activities offered or administered by Legacy.com .
We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners .
This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you , such as your credit card number .
We do not intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information about children under the age of 13 .
Please see the section on `` Children 's Privacy '' below .
Other Anonymous Information .
Like most websites , Legacy.com also receives and records information on our server logs from your browser automatically and through the use of electronic tools such as cookies .
Our server logs automatically receive and record information from your browser ( including , for example , your IP address , and the page ( s ) you visit ) .
The information gathered through these methods is not `` personally identifiable ; '' i.e. , it can not be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We will use your information only as permitted by law , and subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy ;
Use of Personally Identifiable Information :
We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Personally Identifiable Information and other personal information you specifically provide may be used :
to provide the Services we offer , to process transactions and billing , for identification and authentication purposes , to communicate with you concerning transactions , security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services , to improve Services , to do something you have asked us to do , or to tell you of Services that we think may be of interest to you .
to communicate with you regarding the Services .
for the administration of and troubleshooting regarding the Services .
Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the Services ( our web hosting service , for example ) , may need to access such information from time to time , but are not permitted to disclose such information to others .
We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you under the following circumstances :
In the course of operating our business , it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information to others such as our service providers , contractors , select vendors and Affiliates so that we can operate the Services and our business .
Where practical , we will seek to obtain confidentiality agreements consistent with this Privacy Policy and that limit others ' use or disclosure of the information you have shared .
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ( such as pursuant to court order , subpoena , or a request by law enforcement officials ) ; ( 2 ) protect , enforce , and defend our Terms of Use , rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this the Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions . )
Use of Anonymous Information :
Certain information that we collect automatically or with electronic tools or tags ( such as cookies ) is used to anonymously track and measure user traffic for the Services and to enhance your experience with the Services and our business partners .
IP Addresses/Session Information .
We occasionally may obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access the Services .
IP addresses , browser , and session information may be used for various purposes , including to help administer the Services and diagnose and prevent service or other technology problems related to the Services .
This information also may be used to estimate the total number of users downloading any App and browsing other Services from specific geographical areas , to help determine which users have access privileges to certain content or services that we offer , and to monitor and prevent fraud and abuse .
IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information
A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive or comparable storage media on your mobile device .
You can configure your browser to accept cookies , reject them , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you reject cookies , you may not be able to use the Services that require you to sign in , or to take full advantage of all our offerings .
Cookies may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party we authorize to collect information on our behalf .
We use our own cookies to transmit information for a number of purposes , including to :
require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accessing your account contents ;
keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Services ;
estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ;
conduct research to improve the content and Services .
We let other entities that show advertisements on some of our web pages or assist us with conducting research to improve the content and Services set and access their cookies on your computer or mobile device .
Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
Advertisers or other entities do not have access to our cookies .
Page Visit Data .
We may record information about certain pages that you visit on our site ( e.g . specific obituaries ) in order to recall that data when you visit one of our partners ' sites .
For example , we may record the name and address of the funeral home associated with an obituary to facilitate a flower order .
We may share anonymous information aggregated to measure the number of App downloads , number of visits , average time spent on the Services websites , pages viewed , etc . with our partners , advertisers and others .
PRIVACY ALERT : YOUR POSTINGS GENERALLY ARE ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC
Your own use of the Services may disclose personal information or Personally Identifiable Information to the public .
Submissions and other postings to our Services are available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a Service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access .
Please remember that any information disclosed on a non-restricted Service becomes public information and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge .
You therefore should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information or Personally Identifiable Information in these forums .
When you post a message to the Services via message board , blog , or other public forum available through the Services , your user ID or alias that you are posting under may be visible to other users , and you have the ability to post a message that may include personal information .
If you post Personally Identifiable Information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Such activities are beyond the control of Legacy.com , Inc. and the coverage of this Privacy Policy .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online .
In addition , although we employ technology and software designed to minimize spam sent to users and unsolicited , automatic posts to message boards , blogs , or other public forums available through the Services ( like the CAPTCHA word verification you see on email and registration forms ) , we can not ensure such measures to be 100 % reliable or satisfactory .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not intentionally collect from or maintain Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 , nor do we offer any content targeted to such children .
In the event that Legacy.com , Inc. becomes aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 13 , the following additional privacy terms and notices apply :
Prior to collecting any Personally Identifiable Information about a child that Legacy.com , Inc. has become aware is under the age of 13 , Legacy.com , Inc. will make reasonable efforts to contact the child 's parent , to inform the parent about the types of information Legacy.com , Inc. will collect , how it will be used , and under what circumstances it will be disclosed , and to obtain consent from the child 's parent to collection and use of such information .
Although Legacy.com , Inc. will apply these children 's privacy terms whenever it becomes aware that a user who submits Personally Identifiable Information is less than 13 years old , no method is foolproof .
Legacy.com , Inc. strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise their children 's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment .
These tools also can prevent children from disclosing online their name , address , and other personal information without parental permission .
Personally Identifiable Information collected from children may include any of the information defined above as Personally Identifiable Information with respect to general users of the Services and may be used by Legacy.com , Inc. for the same purposes .
Except as necessary to process a child 's requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured through the Services , Legacy.com , Inc. does not rent , sell , barter or give away any lists containing a child 's Personally Identifiable Information for use by any outside company .
A child 's parent or legal guardian may request Legacy.com , Inc. to provide a description of the Personally Identifiable Information that Legacy.com , Inc. has collected from the child , as well as instruct Legacy.com , Inc. to cease further use , maintenance and collection of Personally Identifiable Information from the child .
If a child voluntarily discloses his or her name , email address or other personally-identifying information on chat areas , bulletin boards or other forums or public posting areas , such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties .
Legacy.com , Inc. and/or the Affiliate Newspaper ( s ) are the sole owner ( s ) of all non-personally identifiable information they collect through the Services .
This paragraph shall not apply to Material subject to the license granted by users to Legacy.com , Inc. pursuant to Section 3 of the Terms of Use governing the Services .
The security and confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use .
From time to time , we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and no data transmissions over the web can be guaranteed 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION
You may modify and correct Personally Identifiable Information provided directly to Legacy.com , Inc. in connection with the Services , if necessary .
Legacy.com , Inc. offers users the following options for updating information :
Send an email to us at Contact Us ; or
Send a letter to us via postal mail to the following address :
Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations
You may opt out of receiving future mailings or other information from Legacy.com , Inc .
If the mailing does not have an email cancellation form , send an email to Contact Us detailing the type of information that you no longer wish to receive .
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND AD DELIVERY
This Service contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our visitors .
This Privacy Policy applies only to Legacy.com and not to other companies ' or organizations ' Web sites to which we link .
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites .
Legacy.com works with third parties , including , but not limited to Adtech US , Inc. and Turn Inc. ( collectively , the `` Ad Delivery Parties : '' ) , for the purpose of advertisement delivery on the Services including online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) and multi-site advertising .
The non-personally identifiable information collected about a consumer 's visits to the Services , including , but not limited to , certain information from your Web browser and your IP address , may be used by third parties , including the Ad Delivery Parties , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
These Ad Delivery Parties retain data collected and used for these activities only as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate Legacy.com business need , or as required by law .
The Ad Delivery Parties may also set cookies to assist with advertisement delivery services .
The Ad Delivery Parties adhere to the Network Advertising Initiative 's Self-Regulatory Code of conduct .
Legacy.com shall obtain your prior express consent ( opt-in ) before using any of your sensitive consumer information as that term is defined in the NAI Principles .
Please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on the Services and link to a third party 's website , then Legacy.com 's Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personally Identifiable Information collected on that third party 's website and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your Personally Identifiable Information will be handled .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may periodically edit or update this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you provide information on this Web site .
Your use of the Services after changes of the terms of the Privacy Policy have been posted will mean that you accept the changes .
Questions regarding the Legacy.com Privacy Policy should be directed to Contact Us or
Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ) Top
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( `` California customer '' ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Legacy.com , Inc. does not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from one of our Affiliate sites , the privacy policy of our Affiliate will apply to the collection of your information unless the Affiliate 's privacy policy specifically states otherwise .
You should review the privacy policy of the Affiliate to understand what information may be collected from you and how it may be used .
California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing Contact Us .

This privacy policy applies only to the websites and services controlled by LG Electronics USA Inc .
( `` LGEUS '' ) where this privacy policy is posted or referenced and through information collected via customer services calls to the LGEUS or an LGEUS affiliate call center ( collectively , the `` Sites '' ) .
This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline or to information that is posted or provided by third parties .
BY USING THE SITES , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES .
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Sites and does not apply to information collected by LGEUS through any other means .
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information ; and ( 2 ) Non- Personally Identifiable Information , such as your IP address or cookies .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
LGEUS collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites :
We may collect your first and last name and product or service details if you contact us with a question related to our products or services ;
We may collect your first and last name , mailing address and billing information if you purchase a product or service on the Sites ;
We may collect registration details about a product or any hardware that you purchase from LGEUS and this information may be tied to your name and mailing address ;
We may collect your first and last name , mailing information , email address and billing information if you download information from a Site ;
We may collect your name , email address or phone number if you contact us with a question .
We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and/or
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites .
If you do not want LGEUS to collect your personally identifiable information , please do not provide it to us .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
`` Non-Personally Identifiable Information '' can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , location , gender or interests .
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view .
Cookie -- A `` cookie '' is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites .
For example , when someone visits a page within the Sites , a cookie is placed on the user 's machine ( if the user accepts cookies ) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously .
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie , or you may choose to block cookies with your browser , but if you do , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites .
Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies .
While they are harmless , they may contain nonpersonally identifiable information and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted .
Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted.at lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view .
Product Information -- We may collect registration information or other details about your product or service .
Unless this information is tied to your name or address , it is not considered personally identifiable .
We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Sites .
If you do not want LGEUS to have access to this information , please do not visit our Sites .
Use of Information Collected Via the Sites
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , ;
To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new products or services from LGEUS , or other third parties , or to forward promotional materials to you ;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you ;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion ;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy or the Terms of Use Agreement , if necessary ;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites ; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or other inquiry .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws , including combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :
To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you purchase or download an item from a site , we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the item to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
In addition , if you purchase a product via the Sites , we may need to share your data with third parties in order to have that product delivered to you and installed as you requested .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
To our parent company , subsidiaries and affiliates in order to better serve you .
LGEUS may have to share your data with these parties in order to provide you with services that have been requested by you , or so that we can ensure our services and products are meeting your needs .
For example , in some instances LGEUS may be required to transfer your data to our parent company in Korea in order to provide you with a product or service requested by you .
To strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service .
If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information .
To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on LGEUS 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personally identifiable information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us .
To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of LGEUS or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users .
To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information , we do not otherwise use , share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above , in the Section A ( 2 ) .
We may share this non-personal information with third parties .
Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13
LGEUS does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use the Sites .
If you are under 13 please do not attempt to register on the Sites or send us any Personal Information .
E. International Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , LGEUS may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from Asia or the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as those countries and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :
the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
From time to time , we communicate with users who subscribe to our services via email or text message .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on the Sites or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties .
The opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed .
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of the email .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any product review board , chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
Third Party Web Sites
This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites .
The Sites may contain links to other web sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites .
With respect to purchase transactions through the commerce solution which is accessible through the Sites , end users may be required to provide personally identifiable information ( including credit card information ) directly to a third party retailer in connection with the sale of products through the Sites , and any information so disclosed to such third party shall be governed by such third party 's privacy policy .
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion .
When we do , we will also revise the `` last update '' date at the bottom of this privacy policy .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to LGEUS is done at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems .
We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software .
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites .
We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
Governing Law / Venue / Forum
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and by the federal laws of the United States , excluding their conflicts of laws provisions .
All disputes , controversies and disagreements between the parties arising out of or related to this privacy policy shall be exclusively submitted for , resolved and finally settled by , binding arbitration .
The arbitration shall be conducted by three ( 3 ) arbitrators exclusively in Bergen County , NJ , in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association .
The Parties waive any objection that might be made on the ground that such venue may be in an inconvenient forum..
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding LGEUS 's disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us :
LG Electronics USA , Inc .
Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632
Effective Date : June 21 , 2011
Last Updated On : June 21 , 2011

Lifehack.org has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices covers all of the Lifehack.org sites .
Your use of Lifehack.org Sites indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms in effect .
Lifehack.org sites contains links to other sites .
Lifehack.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Log files and Cookies
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Web site .
We use cookies to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site .
Our sites ' registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like your name and email address ) , and we will not pass this information to any other organization .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
The advertisement delivered to users by varies advertisers .
Advertiser does not acquire or collect any personal information about you .
Your name , address , phone number , and email address all remain your private properties .
Advertiser may , however , collect information which is specific to how you use the Internet .
Third parties partners like advertiser may use cookies on our sites .
We have no access to those cookies and have no control and access to them .
This privacy statement does not cover the use of such cookies .
If you have subscribed to our daily email newsletter , you can opt-out and unsubscribe from within the email newsletter that you receive .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Regardless of later updates , we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use .

Privacy Policy of Linguee GmbH
Confidentiality and protection of your data is of paramount importance to Linguee GmbH ( hereinafter `` Linguee '' ) .
The protection of personal data collected , processed , and used in connection with your visit to our website is very important to us .
Collection and use of your personal data is protected exclusively in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations .
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the German Federal Data Protection Act ( BDSG ) and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the German courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this agreement .
Any translation of the German language or German law version of this agreement ( the `` Original Agreement '' ) is provided for convenience only and you agree that in the event of a conflict between the translated version and the Original Agreement , the provisions of the Original Agreement shall prevail .
Data Controller for the purpose of German data protection law :
Amtsgericht Kln , HRB 64606
Purpose and scope of data protection
The purpose of the Data Protection Act is to protect individuals against infringement of their right to privacy as the result of the handling of their personal data .
Personal data , as laid down in Section 3 ( 1 ) of the German Federal Data Protection Act ( BDSG ) , is any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person i.e name , address , email-address or telephone number and possibly data on usage .
Data on usage is the data necessary in order to use our website e.g . characteristics to identify the recipient of the service , details of the beginning and end of the of the scope of the respective usage and details of the telemedia used by the recipient of the service .
Increased protection is required for special categories of personal data such as information on racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade-union membership , health or sex life .
Data collection and processing
On accessing a Linguee website , your internet browser and Linguee Premium / Professional automatically transfers data .
The following data is stored separately from other data which is possibly transferred to us :
time and date of visit ,
web browser and version ,
utilised operating system ,
website from which you are visiting us ( referrer URL ) ,
name of requesting domain ,
amount of transmitted data ,
notifications of successful data retrieval and
when using a web browser , the search term .
The above data is stored solely for technical reasons and will not , at any time , be associated to a specific person .
Additionally , Linguee will log the IP address of each enquiring computer .
This is necessary in order to analyse requests , ensure the security of Linguee 's system , prevent unauthorised retrieval of the contents of our database and prevent fake comments .
Data entered by users of subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional
Should you wish to continue use of the subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional after expiration of the free test phase , a simple registration is necessary .
Registration requires that you provide your name , email address , user name , password and the requested payment information .
This data is not only necessary in order to create and manage your user account , but also to allow the maximum use of all Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional features .
Linguee may also use this data in order to answer , at request , questions , suggestions or complaints .
As an additional feature , Linguee Professional also offers users the chance to create their own personal translator profile in the translator database .
Translators may provide profile information such as name , location , associations/organisations , language pairs , native tongue etc .
The information provided for your translator profile is optional and not required in order to use Linguee Professional .
Please note that all information you voluntarily provide for your profile may , for example , be used to recommend you as a translator to other users .
The Linguee website allows you to voluntarily set up a free user account .
There are several advantages of being a registered user : enjoy search results free of advertising , suggest words and translations , keep track of your suggestions and edited entries and participate in vocabulary discussions .
In order to register , you need to provide a login name , your full name , your email address and choose a password .
Your full name is not visible to other users .
Naturally , you alone decide which data you would like to provide us with .
We at Linguee are committed to the principle of data economy and avoidance .
However , missing information may lead to restrictions in the use of Linguee Premium and Linguee Professional .
In order to process a payment , you will be redirected to the chosen payment service provider , where you will be asked to provide the necessary information for the handling of the payment ( e.g . credit card details ) .
Linguee itself has no access to your payment information .
Solely the respective payment service provider is responsible for data collection and processing .
Should future payments be settled differently , Linguee will forward the information for payment to the appropriate payment provider ( bank , credit card company etc . ) .
Furthermore , the disclosure of your personal data without your express prior consent may generally only occur under the following exceptional circumstances :
In cases where it is deemed necessary in order to aid investigation of unlawful platform usage or legal proceedings , personal data will be made available to criminal prosecution authorities and , if necessary , to injured third parties .
However , personal data will only be forwarded to the abovementioned in the presence of solid evidence of unlawful and/or abusive conduct .
Data may also be disclosed should such disclosure aid the enforcement of terms and conditions or other agreements .
Linguee is obliged by law to provide information upon request of certain public authorities i.e . criminal prosecution authorities , revenue authorities and authorities pursuing administrative offences entailing fines .
Occaisionally , to enable us to provide you with our services , we are reliant on contractual partners and external service providers , for example in the areas of advertising campaigns ( sent only with your express prior consent ) , customer service and the processing of payments ( credit card , billing address etc . ) .
In the abovementioned cases , it is necessary that we forward information to the relevant party for further processing .
In order to protect your right to privacy , our external service providers are carefully selected and periodically reviewed .
The service providers are only allowed to use the data for purposes stated by Linguee .
The service providers are also contractually obliged to handle your data in expressly in accordance with this privacy policy and German data protection laws .
Linguee GmbH is a continually developing company .
It is therefore possible that Linguee GmbH may change it 's legal form , or choose to buy or sell individual subsidiaries , company shares or units .
In the event of such a transaction , customer/user information will be transferred together with the transferred part of the company .
Linguee will ensure that each transfer of personal data to third parties ( in the aforementioned manner ) will be conducted in accordance with this privacy policy and the relevant data protection laws .
Search terms and search history
If you click on a word for which you require a translation while using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional , the whole paragraph in which the word is embedded is sent to Linguee .
This helps in offering you with a translation in the appropriate context .
In order to calculate and display the results , search queries , including the context in which they are sent , are stored on a short-term basis in the main memory on a Linguee server .
Data is not stored beyond the aforementioned retention period .
Please note that Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional is an automated process and is unable to detect the inclusion of personal data in the transmitted paragraphs .
As a result of which , clicking on words found in paragraphs which contain personal data of third parties and/or sensitive data is strictly prohibited .
Sensitive data is data containing information on racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade-union membership , health or sex life .
Depending on the your version of Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional , you may allow that your search history be stored .
This can be done by changing your profile settings .
As a result , your search history may then be included in your future translation searches .
However , this is only possible if you have chosen to use this feature .
Linguee offers a free newsletter service .
The Linguee newsletter keeps subscribers informed about the latest Linguee news , surveys , new products or services and additional information of interest .
Furthermore , we also provide information regarding offers and products from our cooperation partners .
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time .
Each newsletter contains information about how to unsubscribe with future effect .
Linguee stores so-called `` Cookies '' , in order to provide you a large array of features and an easy-to-use service .
`` Cookies '' are small files which , with the help of your browser , are stored on your computer .
If you do not wish that `` Cookies '' , you can disable `` Cookies '' by changing the settings of your internet browser on your computer accordingly .
Please note that this may limit the functionality of our service .
Linguee also uses `` Cookies '' from our cooperation partners .
This is how our offers are provided with advertisements , for example from DoubleClick/Google , pilot media GmbH und Co. KG , Group M , Ligatus GmbH , Adcloud GmbH , Criteo GmbH , AudienceScience ( Germany ) GmbH und Nugg.ad AG .
Linguee may place ( or identify ) a unique Cookie , from the customer referred to in the advertisement , on your browser .
By placement of the advertisement , information about your visit to the website is collected e.g . how often you have seen an advertisement .
No further personal data e.g . your name or address , is collected or forwarded .
It is therefore not possible for you to be identified on the basis of this information .
If you object to information regarding this purpose , in connection with your use of our online service , being forwarded , you may deactivate the interest-based advertising with one of our cooperation partners :
Google - Zum deaktivieren bitte hier klicken
Please note , the implementing your revocation may require configuration of a permanent Cookie on your computer !
This website uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses `` Cookies '' i.e . text files stored on your computer , enabling an analysis of website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional usage .
The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website ( including your abbreviated IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by a Google server in the United States .
Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Preofessional , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
When using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional , no search requests or sections of text you click on will be forwarded to Google .
If you object to a website analysis , you can deactivate Google Analytics with a browser add-on .
Google AdSense / AdExchange
Should Google AdSense or Google AdExchange ( a Google Inc. , USA ( `` Google '' ) advertisement service ) display advertisements on this website ( text ads , banners etc . ) , your browser may store a Cookie from Google Inc. or sent from a third party .
The information stored in the Cookie may be recorded , collected or analysed by Google Inc. or a third party .
Additionally , Google AdSense uses `` Web Beacons '' ( small invisible graphics ) to gather information , with which simple data such as website visitor traffic can also be recorded , collected and analysed .
The information generated by the Cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of this website is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use the information gathered for the purpose of evaluating use of the website in view of the AdSense advertisements .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process thie information od Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
You can prevent the storage of Cookies on your hard drive and the display of web beacons by choosing `` accept no Cookies '' ( phrase may vary with every web browser ) in your browser settings .
In Internet Explorer under `` Tools / Internet options / Privacy / Advanced '' , then check `` Override automatic Cookie handling '' and `` Block '' First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies and uncheck `` Always allow session Cookies '' .
In Firefox under `` Firefox Menu / Preferences / Privacy '' , then set `` Firefox will '' to `` use custom settings for history '' , uncheck `` Accept Cookies from sites '' and uncheck `` Accept third-party Cookies '' .
Further information can be found under .
For marketing purposes , the Linguee website uses Criteo SA ( Unterer Anger 3 , 80331 Munich , Germany ) technology to collect and store information , in anonymous form , about website users ' surfing behaviour .
Criteo analyses the users ' surfing behaviour , allowing a targeted and personalised banner with recommended products to be displayed when visiting other websites .
You will find a small `` i '' ( visible by mouse over ) in the bottom right corner of each banner displayed .
By clicking on it , you will be directed to a website , which explains the systematics and also offers an opt-out .
By clicking the `` Opt-Out '' , a Cookie will be placed which will prevent the banner from being displayed in the future .
Data is , under no circumstances , used to personally identify website visitors .
The data collected by Criteo is used solely to improve the advertisement offers .
The collected information is not forwarded to third parties and is not used to other purposes .
Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure
Data is collected anonymously during this process .
The ( Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure ) range measurement uses a Cookie `` ivwbox.de '' or an electronic signature ( created using automatically transmitted information from your computer ) , to help recognise computer systems .
IP adresses are processed in anonymous form only and are not stored .
This range measurement procedure was developed in compliance with data protection legislation .
The aim of the range measurement is to acquire statistical information regarding intensity of usage and number of users of a website .
Individual users are not identified at any time .
Your identity remains protected at all times .
You will not receive advertisements from this system .
User statistics of websites and online services from members of the German `` Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbetrgern e.V . ''
Besides publishing data , IVW regularly verifies the rule- and data protection compliancy regarding usage of the Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure .
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed for the aforementioned purpose .
Should it be required by law that certain data is retained , this data will be blocked .
The data is then no longer available for further use .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Linguee reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time .

At LinkedIn , our fundamental philosophy is members first .
That value powers all of the decisions we make , including how we gather and respect your personal information .
We 've crafted the policy below to be as clear and straightforward as possible .
Our aim is for youour membersto always feel informed and empowered with respect to your privacy on LinkedIn .
Visit our Safety Center for tips on using LinkedIn smartly and securely .
View our California DNT notice
Uses & Sharing of Personal Info
Your Choices & Obligations
Introduction Last revised on September 12 , 2013
Our mission is to connect the world 's professionals to enable them to be more productive and successful .
We protect your personal information using industry-standard safeguards .
We may share your information with your consent or as required by law as detailed in this policy , and we will always let you know when we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy has been updated to give you a better understanding of how we treat your data and also to call your attention to new features .
Please review this Privacy Policy .
Please click here to read our summary of the changes .
LinkedIn 's mission is to connect the world 's professionals to enable them to be more productive and successful .
Our registered users ( Members ) share their professional identities , engage with their network , exchange knowledge and professional insights , and find business opportunities .
We believe that our service allows our Members to effectively compete and achieve their full career potential .
The cornerstone of our business is to focus on our Members first .
Maintaining your trust is our top priority , so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy :
We protect your personal information and will only provide it to third parties : ( 1 ) with your consent ; ( 2 ) where it is necessary to carry out your instructions ; ( 3 ) as reasonably necessary in order to provide LinkedIn features and functionality to you ; ( 4 ) as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation ; or ( 5 ) as necessary to enforce our User Agreement or protect the rights , property , or safety of LinkedIn , its Members , and the public .
We have implemented appropriate security safeguards designed to protect your information in accordance with industry standards .
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time , and if we make material changes to it , we will provide notice through our website , apps , or other services ( LinkedIn or Service ) or by other means so that you may review the changes before you continue to use LinkedIn .
If you object to any changes , you may close your account .
Continuing to use LinkedIn after we publish or communicate a notice about any changes to this Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes .
What information we collect
Our Privacy Policy applies to anyone with a LinkedIn account .
If you live in the U.S. , LinkedIn Corporation controls your information .
If you live outside the U.S. , LinkedIn Ireland controls your information .
If you reside in the United States , then the personal information provided to or gathered by LinkedIn is controlled by LinkedIn Corporation , 2029 Stierlin Court , Mountain View , California 94043 .
If you reside outside the United States , then the personal information provided to or gathered by LinkedIn is controlled by LinkedIn Ireland , Gardner House , Wilton Place , Wilton Plaza , Dublin 2 , Ireland .
If you have any concern about providing information to us or having such information displayed on the LinkedIn services or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement , you should not become a Member of LinkedIn or visit our website .
If you have already registered , you should close your account .
We collect your personal information in the following ways :
When you create an account with us , you provide us with information ( including your name , email address , and password ) that we use to offer you a personalized , relevant experience on LinkedIn .
To create an account on LinkedIn , you must provide us with at least your name , email address , and a password .
You can choose to provide further information about yourself during the registration process ( for example , your gender and location ) .
We use this additional information to provide you with more customized services like language-specific profile pages , updates , and content , more relevant ads , and more valuable career opportunities , and it may appear on your LinkedIn profile that is viewable by others .
You understand that , by creating an account , LinkedIn and others will be able to identify you by your LinkedIn profile , and you allow LinkedIn to use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement .
We may also ask for your credit card details if you purchase certain LinkedIn services .
You can add professional details like your job title , education , and skills to your profile .
A complete profile helps you be found by other people for opportunities .
It also means we can show you relevant ads and content .
After you create an account , you may choose to provide additional information on your LinkedIn profile , such as descriptions of your skills , professional experience , and educational background .
You can list honors , awards , professional affiliations , LinkedIn Group memberships , networking objectives , companies or individuals that you follow , and other information including content .
With your approval , your connections may provide recommendations and endorsements of you .
Providing additional information enables you to derive more benefit from LinkedIn by helping you express your professional identity ; find other professionals , opportunities , and information ; and help recruiters find you .
It also enables us to serve you ads and other relevant content on and off LinkedIn .
Address Book , LinkedIn Contacts , and Other Services That Sync with LinkedIn
We collect information when you sync non-LinkedIn content like your email address book , mobile device contacts , or calendar with your account .
We use this information to improve your experience and allow you and your network to be better connected .
You can remove your address book and any other synced information whenever you 'd like .
You may use the LinkedIn contacts importer to upload individual contacts or your entire address book into LinkedIn .
LinkedIn stores this information and uses it to help you manage it with LinkedIn Contacts , which can be your primary resource for storing , organizing , and utilizing your contact information .
We also use this information to enhance your LinkedIn experience by helping you to grow your network by : identifying your contacts already on LinkedIn ; providing a template to send invitations to your contacts that have not registered with LinkedIn ; and suggesting people you may know but who may not be in your LinkedIn Contacts .
LinkedIn may also use this information to show you and other LinkedIn members that you share the same uploaded contacts who may or may not be LinkedIn members .
Please note that when you send an invitation to connect to another individual ( a connection ) , that person will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation .
LinkedIn will also remind you of pending invitations .
Your LinkedIn connections will also have access to your email address .
LinkedIn makes other tools available to sync information with LinkedIn , and may also develop additional features that allow members to use their LinkedIn account in conjunction with other third-party services .
For example , LinkedIn 's iPad and iPhone applications allow you to sync your device 's calendar with LinkedIn to show you the LinkedIn profiles of meeting attendees .
Another example are software tools that allow you to see LinkedIn and other public social media information about the people you email and leverage LinkedIn to help you gain insights from and grow your network .
If you grant these products ( mobile applications or other LinkedIn applications that sync external email services ) permission to access your email accounts , they will access your email header information in order to match it to LinkedIn and other public social media profiles .
LinkedIn 's products that sync with external email services will also temporarily cache message content for performance reasons ; however , the cached message content will be temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by LinkedIn and its service providers .
Any information that you upload or sync with LinkedIn is covered by the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy .
You can remove your information at your convenience using the features LinkedIn makes available or in accordance with Section 3 .
You can remove your address book and any other synced information at any time .
When you contact our Help Center , we collect information to respond to your questions and better serve you .
When you contact LinkedIn 's Help Center , we collect information that helps us categorize your question , respond to it , and , if applicable , investigate any breach of our User Agreement or this Privacy Policy .
We also use this information to track potential problems and trends and customize our support responses to better serve you .
Using the LinkedIn Site and Applications
We collect information when you visit LinkedIn , use our mobile applications , and interact with advertising on LinkedIn .
We collect information when you use the LinkedIn website , LinkedIn applications ( for example , LinkedIn for iPhone or Android ) , and LinkedIn platform technology ( such as Share on LinkedIn plugins for publishers ) .
For example , we collect information when you view or click on ads , import your address book , join and participate in groups , participate in polls , install a LinkedIn mobile application , and share articles on LinkedIn .
Using Third-Party Services and Visiting Third-Party Sites
We collect information when you use your LinkedIn account to sign in to other sites or services , and when you view web pages that include LinkedIn plugins .
You can opt out of our collection of plugin impressions anytime .
We receive information when you use your LinkedIn account to log in to a third-party website or application .
Also , when you visit a third-party site that embeds LinkedIn professional plugins ( such as Share on LinkedIn for publishers ) we receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser .
If you are logged in as a LinkedIn Member when you visit sites with LinkedIn plugins , we use this information to recommend tailored content to you .
LinkedIn will use this information to personalize the LinkedIn-provided functionality on third-party sites , including providing you insights from your LinkedIn network and allowing you to share information with your network ( 1st and 2nd degree connection on LinkedIn ) .
Users wishing to disable this personalization may opt out here .
LinkedIn 's retention of this data is addressed in Section 3.2 .
We do not use this information for advertising .
LinkedIn may provide reports containing aggregated impression information to companies hosting LinkedIn plugins and similar technologies to help them measure LinkedIn-generated traffic to their websites .
You can opt out of LinkedIn using your impression data by clicking here .
We use cookies to help personalize your LinkedIn experience and show you relevant ads .
We use cookies and similar technologies , including mobile device identifiers , to help us recognize you , improve your LinkedIn experience , increase security , measure use of our Services , and serve advertising .
You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools .
For more information , including the types of cookies found on LinkedIn , please read LinkedIn 's Cookie Policy .
By visiting LinkedIn , you consent to the placement of cookies and beacons in your browser in accordance with this Privacy Policy and LinkedIn 's Cookie Policy .
Advertising Technologies and Web Beacons
We target ads to you on and off LinkedIn , based on information you included in your profile and your use of LinkedIn .
We give you a number of ways to opt out of these ads , including through the Ad Choices icon shown with any LinkedIn ads on third-party sites .
If you do not want to receive LinkedIn ads on third-party sites , you can opt out .
We target ads to Members both on and off LinkedIn through a variety of ad networks and ad exchanges , using :
Advertising technologies like web beacons , pixels , ad tags , cookies , and mobile identifiers as permitted by mobile platforms both on and off LinkedIn ;
Member-provided profile information and categories ( for example , product managers in Texas ) ;
Information inferred from a Member 's profile ( for example , using job titles to infer age , industry , seniority , and compensation bracket ; or names to infer gender ) ;
Your use of LinkedIn ( for example , your LinkedIn search history ) or clicking on a LinkedIn ad ;
Information from advertising partners which we use to help deliver ads more relevant to you .
We do not share personally identifiable information with any third-party advertiser or ad network , although your profile is visible to other LinkedIn Members and through public search depending on your settings .
LinkedIn may show you sponsored content in your Network Update Stream ( NUS ) , which will be designated as sponsored content and will behave like other NUS updates .
If you take social action ( for example , if you like or comment on the sponsored content ) , your action will be seen by your network and other LinkedIn Members who are shown the sponsored content after you have acted on it .
LinkedIn ads that are delivered on third-party sites contain the label Ads by LinkedIn .
You may opt out of these ads served to you on third-party sites here .
The Ad Choices icon shows you that we adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance 's self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising .
Log Files , IP Addresses , and Information About Your Computer and Mobile Device
We collect information from the devices and networks that you use to access LinkedIn .
This information helps us improve and secure our Services .
When you visit or leave LinkedIn by clicking a hyperlink or view a plugin on a third-party site , we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to which you are directed .
Also , advertisers receive the URL of the page that you are on when you click an ad on LinkedIn .
We also receive the internet protocol ( IP ) address of your computer or the proxy server that you use to access the web , your computer operating system details , your type of web browser , your mobile device ( including your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system ) , your mobile operating system ( if you are accessing LinkedIn using a mobile device ) , and the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier .
We may also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have set up , which we use to show you local information ( for example , weather information ) on our iPad application .
We are constantly innovating to improve our Services , which means we may create new ways to collect information on the Service .
LinkedIn is a dynamic , innovative environment , which means we are always seeking to improve the services we offer you .
We often introduce new features , some of which may result in the collection of new information ( for example , when the Endorsements feature launched , we began collecting information about skills for which Members were endorsed and the individuals who endorsed them ) .
Furthermore , new partnerships or corporate acquisitions may result in new features , and we may potentially collect new types of information .
How we use your personal information
At LinkedIn , we take pride in our mantra of Members first , which means that above all else we strive to use your information to provide you world-class services in a professional and trustworthy manner .
Consent to LinkedIn Processing Information About You
When you join LinkedIn , you acknowledge that information you provide on your profile can be seen by others and used by us as described in this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement .
The personal information you provide to us may reveal or allow others to identify aspects of your life that are not expressly stated on your profile ( for example , your picture or your name may reveal your gender ) .
By providing personal information to us when you create or update your account and profile , you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of LinkedIn 's User Agreement and freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of your personal information in ways set out by this Privacy Policy .
Supplying information to us , including any information deemed sensitive by applicable law , is entirely voluntary on your part .
You have the right to withdraw or modify your consent to LinkedIn 's collection and processing of the information you provide at any time , in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement , by changing your Settings , changing your profile , or by closing your account .
We communicate with you using LinkedIn messaging , email , and other ways available to us .
We may send you messages relating to the availability of the Services , security , or other service-related issues .
We also may send promotional InMail messages to your LinkedIn inbox .
You can change your email settings at any time .
We communicate with you through email , notices posted on the LinkedIn website , messages to your LinkedIn inbox , and other means available through the Service , including mobile text messages and push notifications .
Examples of these messages include : ( 1 ) welcome and engagement messages - when you register on LinkedIn , we may send you a series of emails to inform you about how to best use LinkedIn as well as new features ; ( 2 ) service messages these will cover service availability , security , and other issues about the functioning of LinkedIn ; ( 3 ) promotional messages these include both email and InMail messages ( InMail messages are only delivered to your LinkedIn InBox ) , and may contain promotional information directly or on behalf of our partners , including job opportunities and information from companies that are hiring .
These messages will be sent to you based on your profile information and messaging preferences .
LinkedIn tracks the open rate of your InMails to provide your InMail acceptance score .
You may change your email and contact preferences at any time by signing into your account and changing your email settings .
You can also opt out of promotional messages by sending a request to LinkedIn Help Center .
Please be aware that you can not opt out of receiving service messages from LinkedIn .
With certain communications you send on LinkedIn , the recipient can see your name , email address , and some network information .
Many communications that you initiate through LinkedIn ( for example , an invitation sent to a non-Member ) will list your name and primary email address in the header of the message .
Messages you initiate may also provide the recipient with aggregate information about your network ( for example , how many people are in your network ) .
Other communications that you initiate through the Services , like a request for an introduction , will list your name as the initiator but will not include your personal email address contact information .
Once you have connected with an individual , regardless of who sent the invitation , your contact information will be shared with that individual .
We use the information you provide on your profile to customize your experience on LinkedIn .
We use information that you provide to us to customize your experience and the experiences of others on LinkedIn .
For example , when you sign in to your account , we may display the names of new Members who have recently joined your network or recent updates from your connections and companies you follow .
We also use aggregated information from your network to show you content , such as news relevant to you , your industry , or your profession .
Sharing Information with Affiliates
We may share your personal information with our LinkedIn affiliates outside of the LinkedIn entity that is your data controller ( for example , LinkedIn Corporation may share your information with LinkedIn Ireland , or other LinkedIn operating entities ) as necessary to provide the Services .
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy , you are consenting to this sharing .
Additionally , if you opt-in to binding your LinkedIn account with SlideShare.net , a site owned by LinkedIn but operating under its own user agreement and privacy policy , both LinkedIn and SlideShare.net will receive and share information about your use of their respective services to improve your experience on each .
For example , SlideShare will be able to recommend better content to you based on your LinkedIn content preferences .
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Any information you put on your profile and any content you post on LinkedIn may be seen by others .
We do n't provide any of your non-public information ( like your email address ) to third parties without your consent , unless required by law , or as described in Sections 2.6 and 2.14 of this Policy .
Other people may find your LinkedIn profile information through search engines ( you can choose which parts of your public profile are accessible to public search engines in your settings ) , or use services like Twitter in conjunction with your LinkedIn account .
LinkedIn offers a public profile feature that allows Members to publish portions of their LinkedIn profile to the public Internet .
This public profile will be indexed and displayed through public search engines when someone searches for your name .
You may choose the parts of your profile that search engines index or completely opt out of this feature in your settings .
However , third-party search engines may not automatically update their caches , which may contain old public profile information .
Unless you delete it , your profile on LinkedIn is always viewable on the LinkedIn Services .
We do not rent or sell personal information that you have not posted on LinkedIn , except as described in this Privacy Policy .
We will not disclose personal information that is not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other LinkedIn services , such as Groups and Company Pages , without your consent or to carry out your instructions ( for example , to process payment information ) unless LinkedIn has a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with a legal requirement or process , including , but not limited to , civil and criminal subpoenas , court orders or other compulsory disclosures ; ( 2 ) enforce this Privacy Policy or our User Agreement ; ( 3 ) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties ; ( 4 ) respond to Member service inquiries ; or ( 5 ) protect the rights , property , or safety of LinkedIn , our Members , or the public .
See Section 2.14 for additional details about LinkedIn 's compliance with legal requests for information .
LinkedIn supports middleware providers that offer archiving solutions to firms subject to financial services regulation , which , with your permission , facilitate the archiving of your communications and other LinkedIn activity by a third party for compliance purposes .
Content distributed through LinkedIn 's sharing features and third-party integrations may result in displaying some of your personal information outside of LinkedIn .
For example , when you post content to a LinkedIn Group that is open for public discussion , your content , including your name as the contributor , may be displayed in search engine results .
Also , if you have bound your LinkedIn account to your Twitter account , you can easily share content from LinkedIn to Twitter .
Further , LinkedIn allows third parties to look-up profile information ( subject to your privacy settings ) using your email address or first and last name information through its profile API ( see Section 2.7 .
Third parties ( for example , your email provider ) may give you the option to upload certain information in your LinkedIn contacts onto their own service .
If you choose to share your LinkedIn contacts , you will be granting your third party provider the right to store , access , disclose and use your LinkedIn contacts in the ways described in such third party 's terms and privacy policy .
Developers Using LinkedIn Platform Services
We work with developers to build Platform Applications using LinkedIn 's developer tools .
Whether you use Platform Applications is up to you .
If you have given a Platform Application access to your LinkedIn account , you can revoke that permission anytime .
Also , you can opt out of providing information to developers through your connections .
We collaborate with and allow third parties to use LinkedIn 's developer platform to offer services and functionality in conjunction with LinkedIn .
These third-party developers have either negotiated an agreement to use LinkedIn platform technology or have agreed to our self-service API and Plugin terms in order to build applications ( Platform Applications ) .
Both the negotiated agreements and our API and Plugin terms contain restrictions on how third parties may access , store , and use the personal information you provide to LinkedIn .
If you choose to use a Platform Application , you will be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and user agreement of the third-party developer .
To revoke permission granted to a Platform Application , please visit your settings .
Note , however , that even if you revoke the permission granted to a Platform Application , your connections may still be using the Platform Application , so the Platform Application may still have access to certain information about you , just as your connections do .
You may opt out of providing information to third-party developers through your connections by accessing the Turn on/off data sharing with third-party applications control in the Groups , Companies , and Applications tab under settings .
We conduct our own surveys and polls and also help third parties do this type of research .
Your participation in surveys or polls is up to you .
You may also opt out of getting invitations to participate in surveys .
Polls and Surveys may be conducted by LinkedIn , Members , or third parties .
Some third parties may target advertisements to you on the results page based on your answers in the poll .
LinkedIn or third parties may follow up with you via InMail regarding your participation unless you have opted out of receiving InMail messages .
We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls .
If the delivery of incentives requires your contact information , you may be asked to provide personal information to the third party fulfilling the incentive offer , which will be used only for the purpose of delivering incentives and verifying your contact information .
It is up to you whether you provide this information , or whether you desire to take advantage of an incentive .
Your consent to use any personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it .
LinkedIn is a member of the Council of American Survey Research Organizations ( CASRO ) and abides by CASRO guidelines for market research .
You may opt out of participating in surveys by changing your settings to stop receiving these inquiries and requests .
LinkedIn helps you search for other professionals , companies , groups , professional content , and jobs .
You can search for Members , employment opportunities , information about companies , and community content from LinkedIn Groups on LinkedIn .
For example , you can find Members with particular expertise or experience , or Members that you may know from your industry or profession .
You can also find employment opportunities and information about companies .
You can also find content from LinkedIn Groups and LinkedIn Today .
We use personal information from LinkedIn , including Member profiles , Groups content , and Company Pages , to inform and refine our search service .
You are responsible for any information you post on LinkedIn , and this content will be accessible to others .
If you participate in LinkedIn Groups , share content on your Network Update Stream , or import a blog or other content , you should be aware that any information you choose to disclose using these services can be read , collected , and used by other Members in these forums , developers , and other third parties .
LinkedIn is not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these forums .
Some content in LinkedIn Groups may be public and searchable on the Internet if the group owner has not closed the group for public discussions .
You can identify closed groups by the padlock icon next to the group name .
You can remove your LinkedIn Groups posts at any time .
However , others may have copied and used the information that you shared .
Testimonials and Advertisements Placed through LinkedIn Ads
If you provide any testimonials about our goods or services or place advertisements through the LinkedIn Ads , we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties .
Testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided .
For more information about LinkedIn Ads , please see the LinkedIn Ads Terms of Use .
We offer a premium service to recruiters , which can be used to search for , organize , and communicate with potential candidates .
Subscribers to this service may export limited information from members ' public profiles to effectively manage candidate sourcing .
You can control how your information is exported by changing which parts of your public profile are accessible to search engines .
We offer customized people-search functionality along with organizational and communications tools as part of our LinkedIn Recruiter premium service .
LinkedIn Recruiter allows subscribers generally , enterprises and professional organizations - to export limited information from Members ' public profiles , such as name , headline , current company , current title , and location ( for example , San Francisco Bay Area ) , in order to effectively manage candidate sourcing .
You may limit or prevent LinkedIn Recruiter subscribers from exporting your profile information by configuring your public profile visibility settings to restrict access to these fields .
We do not provide email or other contact information to Recruiter subscribers .
However , if you post that information as part of your profile it will be available to others .
A LinkedIn Recruiter subscriber may also manage and store information it has independently obtained about you outside of the Service , such as a resume , in its licensed LinkedIn Recruiter platform .
Any personal information obtained independently of LinkedIn services are not under LinkedIn 's control but are subject to the policies of the LinkedIn Recruiter subscriber .
We store such information on behalf of the LinkedIn Recruiter subscriber who can remove it at any time .
We do not further process such information .
Pages for Companies , Schools , Influencers , and Other Entities
Companies and other entities can create pages on LinkedIn .
If you follow one of these pages , you 'll be listed as one of the company 's followers , and non-identifiable information about you will be provided to the page 's administrators .
LinkedIn allows companies , schools , charities , and other organizations as well as thought leaders and influencers to create pages dedicated to their brand , business , and mission .
These pages are public , and any communications or information shared through them will be accessible by the entity that created them .
If you follow a page , you will be listed among the page 's followers , which can be viewed by others .
LinkedIn uses aggregate information about followers and viewers to provide data about the page 's performance ( for example , visits and updates ) .
Compliance with Legal Process and Other Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if compelled by law , subpoena , or other legal process , or if necessary to enforce our User Agreement .
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information , profile information , or information about your activities as a LinkedIn Member when required by law , subpoena , or other legal process , or if LinkedIn has a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( 1 ) investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies ; ( 2 ) enforce the User Agreement , investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , or protect the security or integrity of our Service ; or ( 3 ) exercise or protect the rights , property , or safety of LinkedIn , our Members , personnel , or others .
Disclosures to Others as the Result of a Change in Control or Sale of LinkedIn Corporation
If there is a change in control or sale of all or part of LinkedIn , we may share your information with a third party , who will have the right to use that information in line with this Privacy Policy .
We may also disclose your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of the assets of LinkedIn Corporation , a subsidiary , or division , or as the result of a change in control of the company or one of its affiliates , or in preparation for any of these events .
Any third party to which LinkedIn transfers or sells LinkedIn 's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy .
Your Choices & Obligations
Rights to Access , Correct , or Delete Your Information , and Closing Your Account
You can change your LinkedIn information at any time by editing your profile , deleting content that you have posted , or by closing your account .
You can also ask us for additional information we may have about your account .
You have a right to ( 1 ) access , modify , correct , or delete your personal information controlled by LinkedIn regarding your profile , ( 2 ) change or remove your content , and ( 3 ) close your account .
You can also contact us for any account information which is not on your profile or readily accessible to you .
If you close your account , your information will generally be removed from the Service within 24 hours .
We generally delete closed account information and will de-personalize any logs or other backup information within 30 days of account closure , except as noted below .
Please note : Information you have shared with others ( for example , through InMail , network updates , content sharing , or LinkedIn Groups ) or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have closed your account or deleted the information from your own profile .
LinkedIn Groups content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source .
In addition , you may not be able to access , correct , or eliminate any information about you that other Members copied or exported out of LinkedIn , because this information may not be in our control .
Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache .
We keep your information for as long as your account is active or as needed .
For example , we may keep certain information even after you close your account if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations , meet regulatory requirements , resolve disputes , prevent fraud and abuse , or enforce this agreement .
We retain the personal information you provide while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you services .
LinkedIn may retain your personal information even after you have closed your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations , meet regulatory requirements , resolve disputes between Members , prevent fraud and abuse , or enforce this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement .
We may retain personal information , for a limited period of time , if requested by law enforcement .
LinkedIn 's Customer Service may retain information for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only , but we generally delete or de-personalize closed account data consistent with Section 3.1. , except in the case of our plugin impression data , which we will try to de-personalize at the time of collection , but in any event , we will de-personalize within 7 days .
Please respect the terms of our User Agreement , our Policies , and your fellow LinkedIn Members .
As a Member , you have certain obligations to other Members .
Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations and others have become commonplace in communities of like-minded Members such as LinkedIn :
You must , at all times , abide by the terms and conditions of the current Privacy Policy , User Agreement , and other policies of LinkedIn .
This includes respecting all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties , such as trademarks or copyrights .
You must not upload or otherwise disseminate any information that may infringe on the rights of others or which may be deemed to be injurious , violent , offensive , racist , or xenophobic , or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of LinkedIn and its community of Members .
You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others .
Any violation of these guidelines or those detailed in our User Agreement or elsewhere may lead to the restriction , suspension , or termination of your account at the sole discretion of LinkedIn .
You have to meet LinkedIn 's minimum age requirements to create an account .
Visit our Safety Center for tips on using LinkedIn smartly and securely .
As described in Section 2.3. of the User Agreement , persons must be of Minimum Age to use LinkedIn .
Please visit LinkedIn 's Safety Center for additional information about safely using LinkedIn .
TRUSTe and Safe Harbor
We partner with TRUSTe because we take your privacy seriously and are committed to putting you and all of our Members first .
TRUSTe certifies our compliance with the TRUSTe program and verifies our compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor programs .
If you ca n't resolve a complaint through LinkedIn Customer Support , you may also contact TRUSTe .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
LinkedIn has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and its practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy , you should first contact LinkedIn .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet , by fax at 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept . ( click for mailing address ) .
The complaint should include the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
LinkedIn complies with the U.S.-E.U . and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
LinkedIn has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will notify you when we change this Privacy Policy .
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information , or to the Privacy Policy , we will provide notice to you on the Service or by some other means , such as email .
Please review the changes carefully .
If you agree to the changes , simply continue to use our Service .
If you object to any of the changes to our terms and you no longer wish to use LinkedIn , you may close your account .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that LinkedIn has about you and your account .
Using LinkedIn after a notice of changes has been communicated to you or published on our Service shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices .
California 's Shine the Light Law
We do n't share any of your personal information with third parties for direct marketing .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , known as the Shine The Light law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties .
Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge .
Under Section 1798.83 , LinkedIn currently does not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We take privacy and security seriously and have enabled HTTPS access to our site ( turn on HTTPS ) , in addition to existing SSL access over mobile devices .
Also , please know that the Internet is not a secure environment , so be careful and select strong passwords .
We have implemented security safeguards designed to protect the personal information that you provide in accordance with industry standards .
Access to your data on LinkedIn is password-protected , and sensitive data ( such as credit card information ) is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the LinkedIn Services .
To protect any data you store on our servers , we also regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks , and we use a tier-one secured-access data center .
However , since the Internet is not a 100 % secure environment , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to LinkedIn .
There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information .
Please note that emails , instant messaging , and similar means of communication with other LinkedIn Members are not encrypted , and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means .
Please help keep your account safe by using a strong password .
How To Contact Us

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail , aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit , and information volunteered by the consumer ( such as survey information and/or site registrations ) .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service , and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes , except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if Listal is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Listal will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
INFORMATION GATHERING AND USAGE
When you register for Listal we ask for information such as your name and email address
Listal uses collected information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , services improvement , contact , and research .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are required to login to the Listal service , we use cookies to store information , such as your personal preferences when you visit our site
Listal uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware , software , networking , storage , and related technology required to run Listal .
Listal may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances , such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service .
Listal may periodically update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address specified in your Listal account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
We use third party advertisements on listal.com to support our site .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites ) .
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Googles DoubleClick , which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising ( including some Google AdSense advertisements ) .
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ( interest based targeting ) .
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history ( For example , if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas , you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site , such as on a site about hockey ) .
DART uses non personally identifiable information .
It does NOT track personal information about you , such as your name , email address , physical address , telephone number , social security numbers , bank account numbers or credit card numbers .
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings , or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security .
However , this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites .
This could include the inability to login to services or programs , such as logging into forums or accounts .
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program .
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies , the next time you visit a site running the advertisements , a new cookie will be added .
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to tom at listal.com

LiveJournal Inc. takes your privacy seriously .
We are committed to making best efforts to protect your personal information and to give you as much control as possible over the privacy of the content you post on the Service .
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) applies to the LiveJournal Service worldwide ( the Service ) , but may not cover the content you share with third party advertisers , web developers , or service providers that may appear on the Service , or support LiveJournal products or services , which are subject to their respective privacy policies .
Safe Harbor Principles : LiveJournal is a social media platform that hosts user-generated content .
LiveJournal does not control , condone , endorse , or assume responsibility for any of the content posted by our users .
European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact LiveJournal at :
LiveJournal , Inc .
Attn : Safe Harbor Compliance Unit
28 2nd St. Third Floor
San Francisco , CA 94104
Account and Profile Information
Registration : LiveJournal collects certain personal information when you register for the Service , including your name , date of birth , contact information ( collectively , identifiable personal information ) .
We ask for your date of birth in order to verify that you are over 13 years of age , but you are free to hide your date of birth or just the year you were born as well as all other identifiable personal information that you do not wish to share .
Profile : You are encouraged to provide as much non-identifiable personal information as you like once you register for the Service , including your interests , schools , and other biographical data .
This will help you find friends and communities on the Service .
LiveJournal will not resell your identifiable personal information to third parties .
We may , however , aggregate and share generalized data and demographic information about you , such as your age , gender , geographic region , and analytical data describing your use of , and interaction with , any part of the Service , including , but not limited to , third party products , services , sponsored contests , sweepstakes , and advertisements .
Transactions : LiveJournal may collect and retain records regarding purchases you make on the Service as well as transactions involving third party products , services , and other offerings .
Browser : LiveJournal automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookies , and the pages you request .
How We Use IP Addresses
LiveJournal may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users , depending upon how you access the Service .
By posting to another user 's Journal or a Community , you may display your IP address , depending on the settings of that Journal or Community .
IP addresses , browser , and session information may be used for a variety of reasons , including to :
Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers .
Estimate the number of users visiting LiveJournal from various geographic regions .
Track public and internal access to content , services , and/or resources .
Monitor and prevent fraud , Spam , and abuse .
Deliver more relevant advertisements to you .
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
If you configure your browser to reject cookies , however , you may not be able to use some LiveJournal or third party products or services .
LiveJournal allows some third parties that advertise and/or offer products and services on the Service to set and access their cookies on your computer when you visit their web sites , subject to their respective privacy policies .
Third parties are not granted access to LiveJournal 's cookies .
Special Rules Regarding Children
You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Service .
Users who are found to be under 13 years of age may be suspended from the Service without notice .
Users who are over 18 years of age and who register as being under 18 years of age may be suspended without notice .
Users who are under 18 years of age and who register as being over 18 years of age may be suspended without notice .
Any content that is determined to have been posted by a user who was under 13 at the time of posting will also be deleted .
We will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 , and any information inadvertently gathered will be promptly deleted .
LiveJournal : Whenever you post and/or provide personal information through use of this Service , you understand that you are sharing your information with LiveJournal , organizations that may hold an interest in LiveJournal , their divisions and/or subsidiaries , and any of LiveJournal 's divisions and/or subsidiaries , and/or assigns .
Their use of your personal information is subject to this Policy , but may be modified anytime by posting an updated Policy at this URL .
It is your responsibility to check this Policy on a regular basis .
Use of the Service constitutes your consent to the terms described herein .
No Resale of Identifiable Personal Information : We will not share or resell your identifiable personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
LiveJournal may display relevant ads based on non-identifiable personal information , such as browser type , region detected on the basis of information located in the Network field of the Internet Address , and your use of , and interaction with , any part of the Service .
Billing : LiveJournal may use your personal information in order to investigate or complete a transaction ( such as processing a payment for a service you ordered ) .
Email : LiveJournal may use your email address to contact you regarding important Account or Service updates .
We will do our best to offer an opportunity to opt-out of non-essential communications .
Username : Whenever you post content or send a message on the Service , your LiveJournal ID ( Username ) may be visible to other users , depending on your privacy settings .
Any information you post on the Service , including , but not limited to , content posted in your Journal , Communities , or your Profile page , may be accessible through use of your Username .
Public Content : Whenever you post content on the Service and set the privacy setting to Public or Everybody , you understand that this information may be accessible by anyone with Internet access , whether or not they are logged into LiveJournal .
In addition , any content you post publicly may result in unsolicited communications from other parties .
You should further understand that any personally identifiable information and/or content that you post on LiveJournal that is viewable by other users may be copied and/or shared without your consent .
LiveJournal can not be responsible for any loss or damages relating to any information you post on the Service .
LiveJournal may repost public entries , in whole or in part , on the LiveJournal homepage or other LiveJournal pages in order to help users find friends and communities based on mutual interests .
Third Parties : LiveJournal may share your identifiable personal information with third parties under the following circumstances :
Operations : In the course of business , it may be necessary to grant access to internal systems that contain your personal information in order to improve our operations and Service , including , but not limited to , outside service providers , contractors , and vendors .
Whenever practicable , we will obtain confidentiality agreements that are consistent with this policy and take reasonable measures to limit access to your personal information .
Sponsored Contests and Giveaways : Should you choose to participate in a sponsored contest , sweepstake , or give-away and/or if you request information from a third party advertiser or service provider , we may transfer personal information that you have specifically agreed to share .
We will do our best to warn you when you are agreeing to share your information with a third party and let you know whether the third party 's privacy policy applies .
Ad Service : LiveJournal may deliver relevant ads to you based on general demographic data , stated interests , and/or your use of , and interaction with , any part of the Service , subject to your privacy settings and Account type , as described in our TOS , which is integrated by reference herein .
LiveJournal will not share your identifiable personal information with third party advertisers , but may aggregate and share non-identifiable generalized data about you with third parties , including demographic information and your viewing of , and interaction with , advertisements displayed on the Service in order to improve the relevancy of ad service , third party offerings , and related campaigns .
Ad Networks : Advertisements that appear on LiveJournal may be delivered to users by LiveJournal or one of our advertising partners ( or `` ad networks '' ) .
Ad networks include third party ad servers , ad technology vendors , and/or research firms .
Ad networks may set cookies and/or include a file , called a web beacon , enabling ad networks to provide auditing , research , and/or reporting to advertisers .
Please note that none of your identifiable personal information will be shared with our advertisers through their use of cookies or web beacons .
Third Parties : LiveJournal works with third parties , including advertising companies and website analysis firms , who use their own cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your surfing activities when you visit our site and other third party sites .
This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you advertisements tailored to meet your preferences ( and likely interests ) while you are on our site and others .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data your non-personally identifiable information , you may either visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt out , or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies of NAI members .
Legal Process : We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , to establish and/or exercise our legal rights , or to defend against legal claims under U.S. law .
Safety and Security : We may share your personal information with U.S. Law enforcement officers to investigate , prevent , or take action to prevent or stop illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of LiveJournal 's TOS , and/or if it is necessary to comply with , and/or cure a potential violation or breach of , U.S. law .
Sale of Business : In the course of business , we might negotiate to sell all or part of our business .
In such transactions , your personal information may be shared or transferred to the buyer , but shall remain subject to this Policy .
Such Policy may , however , be updated or amended at any time .
The revised policy will be posted here for your review .
Internet Security : Any content posted over the Internet or a wireless network can not be guaranteed 100 % private or secure .
Whenever you post content anywhere on the Service , we will make reasonable efforts to ensure your privacy in the following manner :
Safeguards : We use physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information .
Passwords : We require you log-in with a password to access personal Account information .
Encryption : In certain areas , LiveJournal uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions .
Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , or altered by breach of our firewalls and secure server software .
Security Breach : If LiveJournal learns of a security systems breach , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
We may also post to the LiveJournal News and/or Support pages .
Email : By using this web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues .
Please note that we will never ask you to submit personal information or to verify the status of your personal information in any electronic communication .
Editing or Deleting Your Account
Account Information : You can edit your LiveJournal Account information at any time .
Account Deletion : You can delete your LiveJournal account at any time by visiting our Account Deletion page .
Please notice that it may take some time for all of your content to be deleted and purged from our servers .
We reserve the right to retain and/or keep records of your personal information to the extent it is necessary to protect LiveJournal 's legal interests or comply with court orders , legal process , or other regulatory requirements under U.S. law .
Please note that we will respond as quickly as possible , but it may take a few days for us to respond to your request .
Effective Date : December 12 , 2010

LiveScore , and its affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information .
During the process of delivering an information to you via our website , LiveScore does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name , address , phone number , or e-mail address .
However , LiveScore may or may not obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider youuse to connect to the Internet , your browser type , the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) , or what screen resolution do you use .
The information collected by LiveScore is used for the purpose of improving your browsing experience on our website .
In some cases , you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey , registering for an online competiton , signing up for a newsletter or personalizing your LiveScore pages .
If this does occur , LiveScore will under no circumstances use such personal information for any purposes other than the ones you have provided them for .
What are cookies and why do we use them
LiveScore , as well as most sites on the Internet , uses `` cookies '' to enhance your experience on the web .
LiveScore can not use these cookies to personally identify you in any way .
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser from a World Wide Web Server .
This block of data can be anything , a unique user ID generated by the server , the current date and time , the IP Address of where the browser is logged onto the net or any other chunk of data that you want .
After a browser receives a cookie it will then send that cookie to the server that set it whenever it is appropriate and required/requested .
The browser will only send the cookie to the server that originally set it .
This means that the server ca n't tell if your browser has cookies that other sites have sent .
An HTTP Cookie can not be used to get data from your hard drive , get your email address or steal sensitive information about your person .
The LiveScore Web Server ( s ) will send a Cookie to a Client system when our adserver serves an ad in order to record unique ID associated with this ad so that should you decide to click on the ad , your browserknows which advertiser 's web page to redirect you to .
We may or may not also use cookies to enhance your experience on our website ( personalization , ... ) .
We believe cookies to be harmless , and will eventually be to everyone 's benefit ( end users , as well as site builders ) .
from The World Wide Web Consortium
`` Cookies can not be used to steal information about you or your computer system . ''
Third party ad serving
If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies .
Please consult your web browser 's Help documentation for more information .
LiveScore also works with some other third parties that serve ads to this site ( i.e . Doubleclick , Realmedia , 24/7 , Zedo , ... ) .
We only choose to use ad serving solutions of companies whose Privacy Policy is in line with ours and if you would like to find out more about how they manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site , or if you have any additional questions about our dedication to consumer privacy , please contact us at LiveScore

The LivingSocial privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information and other information you submit to us through LivingSocial .
By accessing or otherwise using the LivingSocial websites , e-mails or other services ( collectively LivingSocial ) , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy ( which is incorporated into and forms a part of the LivingSocial Conditions of Use ) and consent to the processing of your information according to the Privacy Policy .
Use and Disclosure of Information
Choices About Your Information
Third Party Advertising and Sites
Children 's Personal Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
We collect the following types of information :
Personal Information that You Provide
In general , we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through LivingSocial .
We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on LivingSocial .
For example , our registration and login process requires you to provide us with your name , valid e-mail address and password of your choice .
Use of some of our services may require you to save a delivery or shipping address .
When you personalize your profile and use the features of LivingSocial , we will collect any information you voluntarily provide , and we may also request optional information to support your use of LivingSocial , such as your year of birth , gender and other demographic information .
We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of LivingSocial , such as photos , reviews , ratings and other information you choose to submit .
We may also collect information about you and your friends who use LivingSocial from any social network you may have connected from , in order to provide you with a more personalized experience .
For instance , we may collect your user name or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through LivingSocial in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and connections .
To enable payment for services purchased through Living Social , we collect and store billing and credit card information .
For example , when you purchase a Deal , you submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal .
When you sign up for , or win , any contests , sweepstakes or other activities that we make available on LivingSocial , we will collect the information designated along with such activity , which may include contact information such as your address and phone number .
If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you , we will collect your e-mail address and other related information .
Additionally , we collect any information that you voluntarily enter , including Personal Information , into any postings , comments or forums within the LivingSocial community .
Personal Information from Other Sources
We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered or interacted , companies who we have partnered with ( collectively , Partners ) or other third parties .
We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you .
E-mail and E-mail Addresses
If you send an e-mail to us , or fill out our Feedback form through LivingSocial , we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail , including attached files , and other information you provide .
We may use and display your full name and e-mail address when you send an e-mail notification to a friend through LivingSocial or the social network from which you have connected to LivingSocial ( such as in an invitation , or when sharing your content ) .
Additionally , we may use your e-mail address to contact you on behalf of your friends ( such as when someone sends you a personal message ) or to send notifications from a social network or other website with which you have registered to receive such notifications .
We may also use your e-mail address to contact you for things such as notifications of limited-edition shop sales and other related information .
You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below .
Information Collected Via Technology
As you use LivingSocial , certain information may be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers ' server logs , including your Internet protocol address , browser type and operating system .
We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed , or on which of the advertisements displayed on LivingSocial you clicked .
An Internet protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet .
In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer internet access provider , your IP Address probably varies from session to session .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site .
We may use both session Cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent Cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with LivingSocial .
Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions .
In order to use our services offered through LivingSocial , your web browser must accept Cookies .
If you choose to disable Cookies , some aspects of LivingSocial may not work properly , and you may not be able to receive our services .
Mobile & Location Information
If you use mobile-enabled services provided by Living Social , such as any LivingSocial mobile application made available by us , we may receive information about your use of our services from your mobile device while you use our applications or services .
This may also include information about your precise location if you have enabled location-based services on your mobile device .
Certain applications or services may also require addition information collection , such as information to be sent when you are not logged into LivingSocial for alerts services , and the terms of such collection will be identified when you subscribe to or sign up for such services or applications .
Certain information you post or provide through LivingSocial for public posting , such as your name , profile , comments , collections and reviews , may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of LivingSocial , including without limitation , social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate .
Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through LivingSocial , this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others , including people outside the LivingSocial community .
Please also be aware that if you choose to share or tweet deals or your purchases , they will become publicly available on the Facebook and Twitter websites .
It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish .
We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of LivingSocial available to others , and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise .
You may choose to log in or access Living Social using the Facebook Connect feature or by downloading the LivingSocial mobile app through Facebook or another third party platform .
By doing this , you are authorizing that third party platform to send us certain information from your account with them , and you authorize us to collect , store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the third party platform .
If you provide feedback to us , we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose , provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information .
We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
You agree that any such comments and any e-mail we receive becomes our property .
We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you .
Use and Disclosure of Information
In general , Personal Information and other information you submit or share with us is used for the following purposes by LivingSocial : to enable your access to our services ; to provide , maintain , protect , develop and improve LivingSocial ; to fulfill your requests for products and services ; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners ; and to offer you additional information , opportunities , promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf , or from our partners or our advertisers at your request .
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , we do not sell , trade , rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with third parties , unless you ask or authorize us to do so .
We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers or affiliates who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of LivingSocial and to help us communicate with you .
Examples of such services include sending e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , voucher management services , processing payments ( including credit card payments ) and providing customer service .
We limit information provided to the aforementioned affiliate and third party service providers to the extent necessary for them to provide the services and require such service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us .
We may share some or all of your Personal Information ( other than credit card information ) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provide the Deal .
If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy , you may not use LivingSocial .
Certain Deals may expressly require you to submit information for fulfillment at the point of purchase , and Merchants may separately request information from you as necessary to redeem the Voucher you have purchased , or for their own purposes .
A merchant 's collection and use of any information shall be governed by that Merchant 's own privacy policy .
Additionally , we do share your content preferences and other information with social networks you have connected with LivingSocial , along with those companies and persons you have asked us to share your information with .
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with LivingSocial affiliated and group companies that are under a common control , so that they may send daily deal e-mails to you , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy .
We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our site .
This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from , what actions they took on our site and where visitors went when they left our site .
If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here .
In addition , HasOffers provides us with analytics services related to downloads of our mobile app .
If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here .
We may also develop non-personal information concerning LivingSocial users , using de-identification processes to help ensure that such information can not reasonably be re-associated or connected with you as an individual .
Generally , we aggregate this information and use it in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of LivingSocial .
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of de-identified information ( i.e. , that is not connected with you as a user ) in any way , and we reserve the right to use and disclose such information to our partners , advertisers and other third parties in our discretion .
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy , and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer 's assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) to protect and defend our rights or property , you , or third parties .
You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein .
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use and sharing of your Personal Information .
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes .
Despite your indicated e-mail marketing preferences , we may send you administrative e-mails regarding LivingSocial , including , for example , administrative and transactional confirmations , and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner .
If you use Living Social services provided through mobile devices , you may have additional choices , including over whether location services are enabled .
Additionally , if you use other social media services in connection with Living Social , the providers of these services may provide you with additional choices concerning the types of data shared with LivingSocial .
Third Party Advertising and Sites
We may enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on LivingSocial .
These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies , Web Beacons ( which are usually small , transparent graphic images ) or similar technologies in order to monitor information related to the serving of their advertisements , and may use information gathered over time and across Web sites in order to make the ads you receive more relevant .
Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser .
We also engage in remarketing to market our sites , products and services or those of our trusted advertising partners across the web : when a user visits our site , a Cookie is dropped on the user , and advertising networks may deliver targeted advertisements to users with this Cookie .
We do not share any of your Personal Information with our remarketing ad networks or advertisers .
You have choices about third-party advertising : both the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance allow you to opt out from online behavioral advertising by their participating companies .
LivingSocial may contain links to other websites or may make third-party applications available to our users .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites or applications .
We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit or application they use .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through LivingSocial and does not apply to these third-party websites or applications .
The ability to access information of third parties from LivingSocial , or links to other websites or locations , is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties , their products , their services , other websites , locations or their content .
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure .
Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information , no company , including us , can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information .
Children 's Personal Information
LivingSocial does not direct its websites to children under the age of thirteen .
We market families-related products or services for purchase by adults .
We require registered users of the site to be at least eighteen years old .
Protecting the privacy of children is very important .
If we obtain actual knowledge that a registered user is under eighteen , we will promptly delete information associated with such account .
By using LivingSocial , you are representing that you are at least eighteen years old .
Access to Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you .
We may charge a reasonable fee for this service .
We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up-to-date .
You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate .
You may change any of your profile information by editing it in the profile settings page .
Personal or other information about you collected on LivingSocial sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which LivingSocial or its affiliates , subsidiaries and services providers maintain facilities .
LivingSocial complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of information from European Union Member Countries .
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , please visit the Safe Harbor Website .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision at our discretion , and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information , we will post an alert on this page or may otherwise post an alert on the LivingSocial website .
If you object to any such changes , you must cease using LivingSocial .
Continued use of LivingSocial following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
If you are a California resident , you may request that we provide to you ( i ) a list of the categories of personal information about you that LivingSocial has disclosed to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes during the calendar year preceding your request , ( ii ) the names and addresses of such third parties , and ( iii ) if the nature of the third parties ' business can not reasonably be determined from their names , examples of the products or services marketed , if known to LivingSocial , sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties ' business .
How to Contact Us
Last updated : January 22 , 2013

We appreciate the trust you place in L.L.Bean , and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information .
Our privacy policy , updated on July 1 , 2013 , describes the information we collect and how we use it .
We always welcome your questions and feedback .
For privacy-related issues , please contact us at :
L.L.Bean , Dept . CFM
Freeport , ME 04033
Phone from US : 800-559-0747 , ext . 58138
Phone from outside US : ( Access Code ) + 207-552-3028
Using Information We Collect
Information We Share with Others and Your Privacy Rights
Your Choices about Communication from L.L.Bean
Third Party Catalog Opt-Out Services
Cookies and Pixel Tags
How We Use Email
Direct to Business Preferences
Links to Other Sites
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Questions or Comments ?
We may collect information ( including name , address , telephone number , email address , transaction information , credit card information and date of birth ) when you :
Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site
Make a purchase at one of our stores ( we do not require personal information , such as zip , name , address or email , as a condition of accepting payment by credit or debit card )
Return an item or make an exchange
Inquire about our services
Receive a gift package
Create an account at llbean.com
Sign up for L.L.Bean email updates
Register for an Outdoor Discovery Schools adventure
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey , promotion or event
Maintain an L.L.Bean Visa Card account
We maintain the data that you provide us , along with a record of your purchases , in a secure database .
To best serve you , we may combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable sources , including our credit card issuer , Barclays Bank Delaware , whose policies meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards .
We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using clickstream data gathered with `` cookies '' and other online tools such as `` pixel tags . ''
See Cookies and Pixel Tags for further information .
Using Information We Collect
At L.L.Bean , we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you 've requested .
To do this , we collect information that allows us to :
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Send you L.L.Bean email updates
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Information We Share with Others and Your Privacy Rights
We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected .
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than L.L.Bean .
From time to time , we make our mailing list ( names and addresses only ) and general shopping activity available to reputable companies whose products or services we believe will be of interest to you and whose privacy practices meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards .
We do not share email addresses for this purpose .
If you do not want to receive mailings from other reputable companies and prefer that we do not share any information with these companies , please contact us .
If you apply for the L.L.Bean Visa Card , you provide the financial and personal information needed to process your application directly to Barclays Bank Delaware , the issuer and the administrator of the credit card program .
Barclays Bank Delaware is independent of L.L.Bean and has its own privacy and security policies .
On rare occasions , we may disclose specific information upon governmental request , in response to a court order , or when required by law to do so .
We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation .
We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes .
Your Choices about Communication from L.L.Bean
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us .
If you prefer not to receive catalogs or email updates from L.L.Bean or if you prefer to receive them less frequently , please visit the My Account section of llbean.com or contact us at the address shown below .
You can also unsubscribe from our email updates using the link provided in each edition of the email .
If you do not wish to receive other communications from us , such as surveys , please contact us at :
L.L.Bean , Dept . CFM
Freeport , ME 04033
800-559-0747 , ext . 58138
So that we can be sure to identify you correctly , please be sure to provide us your exact name and address , or the mailing label from your catalog .
Because mailings are planned in advance , it may take several weeks for your request to become effective .
If due to human error you continue to receive unwanted communications , please contact us again , and we will make every effort to correct the situation .
To opt-out of direct personalized advertising on the Internet from L.L.Bean , click here .
Third Party Catalog Opt-Out Services
Many third-party services are available to help you opt out of catalog mailings .
After careful consideration of customer service , data protection , privacy and fees , L.L.Bean no longer honors requests made by these organizations .
We do not think you should have to pay third parties to opt out of catalog mailings .
We prefer to hear from you directly so we can best meet your needswe want you to be satisfied with the communications you receive and are happy to honor your preference requests .
Contacting us is easy ; please refer to Your Choices About Communication from L.L.Bean in the section above .
Cookies and Pixel Tags
A cookie is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer .
Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site .
They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience , so the information you receive is more relevant to you .
For example , we use cookies to :
Remember what items are in your Shopping Bag
Recognize you when you return to our Web site
Enables faster checkout , if you have created an account at llbean.com
Study how our customers navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site searches
Deliver personalized marketing from L.L.Bean
If you set your browser to refuse cookies , please call us at 800-221-4221 to place your order .
We also use pixel tags tiny graphic images to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site .
Pixel tags also enable us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us .
We may also contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf .
We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than L.L.Bean .
We also contract with third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet .
To do this , they will collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements .
These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie or pixel tag industry standard technology used by most major Web sites .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
To opt-out of this type of messaging , please click here .
How We Use Email
When you provide us your email address , we will email you as necessary to process your order , respond to a request or provide customer service .
For example , after you place an order at llbean.com , you will receive an email confirmation and , in most cases , an email with package tracking information .
Recipients of our email gift cards will receive an email notifying them of the gift and instructing them how to redeem it .
We may also send promotional emails about products , special offers , services or events we believe may be of interest to you .
It is our intent to send promotional emails only to those who wish to receive them .
We provide instructions on how to unsubscribe in each email and within the My Account section of llbean.com .
Direct to Business Preferences
Please note that the My Account section of our Direct to Business Web site , located at llbeanbusiness.com , is not designed to change catalog mailing and email preferences .
If you prefer not to receive Direct to Business catalogs or email updates please contact us at :
L.L.Bean , Dept . CFM
Freeport , ME 04033
800-559-0747 , ext . 58138
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites to enhance the functionality and shopping experience .
These sites operate independently of L.L.Bean and have established their own privacy and security policies .
For the best online experience , we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit .
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
To update your customer information ( name , address , telephone number and email address ) , please contact us at the address above .
A limited amount of purchase information may also be available to you .
To protect your privacy , we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information .
It is our intent to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you or received from a partner .
We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data .
We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities .
It is our practice to use encryption whenever we receive or transmit sensitive data .
When you make a purchase , request a catalog or create an account on our Web site , your transactional information is transmitted in a safe , encrypted format .
See About Security for details .
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
From time to time , we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change , we will post these changes on our Web site .
We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically .
Questions or Comments ?
For questions , comments or assistance , we invite you to contact us .
The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing .

Protecting your personal information and privacy is important to the Library .
We collect , use , and share information obtained from our online visitors and subscribers to Short Message Service ( SMS ) notifications only in the following ways :
We will only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide .
We will only use the personal information you provide for its intended purpose .
We will only disclose personal information to a government agency if required by law .
We will only disclose personal information to contractors or associates to carry out your requests ; these third parties follow our privacy policy or prominently display their own .
We will not disclose your personal information to other outside parties without first obtaining your permission .
We provide a safe online environment for children and follow COPPA principles .
We have implemented safeguards to protect any information collected .
For more information follow these links :
Types of Information Collected
Information Collected for Measurement and Customization ( Cookies )
Children 's Privacy Policy
Types of Information Collected
The Library collects several types of information , although never for commercial marketing use :
Information Collected for Measurement and Customization ( Cookies )
The Library has implemented safeguards to protect this information , including only providing access to designated Library staff members that require this access to perform their duties .
The Library of Congress strives to provide the best experience for our Web and SMS users .
To that end , the Library automatically collects and stores the following non-personally identifiable information :
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet ,
The Internet Protocol address of your Internet provider 's gateway , or in some cases , the computer you are using ,
The date and time you access the Library 's site ,
The URL of the pages you visit and files you download ,
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site ,
Characteristics of your system , and
Search terms used to come to the site and while on the site ( in aggregate only ) .
This information allows us to improve our website design , presentation and system performance .
We collect this information from users who read , browse and/or download information from the Library 's websites .
Additionally , if you choose to receive our Library Alerts via text message delivered to cell phones by SMS messaging , we automatically collect your cell phone number so we can send you the Library Alerts .
You can opt out of our Library Alerts at any time .
Information Collected for Measurement and Customization ( Cookies
The Library wants to provide our users with the best online experience possible .
As such , we use commercial software products to analyze and report on aggregated web metrics data .
This data is generally retained indefinitely to support the mission of our Library of Congress web properties .
The Library uses three types of information collecting tools on its various websites : session cookies , persistent cookies , and other customization tools .
`` Cookies '' are small files that a website transfers to your computer to allow the site to remember specific information .
If you do not want cookies to be transferred to your computer , you may choose to opt out of their use by modifying your browser options .
While you will still be able to access most features of the Library 's websites , certain features may not work as well or may be unavailable to you .
Session cookies do not contain personal information and once you close your browser , the cookies disappear .
The Library uses session cookies on our site for technical purposes such as to enable you to more easily navigate throughout the Library 's websites .
Session cookies only collect non-personally identifiable data .
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time and across multiple sessions .
The Library never uses persistent cookies to collect personal identifiable information about our website visitors .
The Library uses persistent cookies to improve our web metrics by distinguishing between new and returning visitors ; to prevent repeated prompting to complete our customer satisfaction survey , to anonymously aggregate data on how visitors use our sites and to remember preferences that you voluntarily provide in order to create a more seamless experience .
For example , the myLOC.gov site has a remember me sign-on option .
Choosing to use this option will set a persistent cookie .
Customization tools allow you to voluntarily provide information to personalize and improve your online experience on a particular Library website , such as myLOC.gov .
For example , you may choose to build your personal collection of items associated with your online account .
This information is saved on our servers .
In order to use certain features of the Library 's websites , you may need to submit personal information so we can respond appropriately .
We will inform you what information we require and will only use it for the stated purpose .
Examples include making a purchase from the Library 's online gift shop , registering at myLOC.gov , requesting a response on a feedback form , and participating in the Library 's wikis or blog areas .
By providing the information , you are giving consent to the Library to use the information for the stated purpose ; if you do not want to provide the information , the feature will not be available to you .
For example , you will not be able to personalize your experience on myLOC.gov .
Occasionally , we may associate or contract with third parties in order to better serve you , for example , to fulfill your online order , or provide you with requested information or email updates , to collect your voluntarily provided feedback .
Those sites will either follow our privacy policy or display their own .
Except for the foregoing exceptions and for authorized government law enforcement activities , the Library does not provide personal information to outside organizations without first obtaining your permission .
Children 's Privacy Policy
Children are naturally curious about our world and the Library considers it part of its mission to reach out to them in creative and educational ways that protect their privacy .
Certain Library websites offer educational content to children under 13 and this privacy policy , which complies with COPPA ( the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ) , will be available at these sites by a link .
Some of these sites provide games and activities , and occasionally , we collect personally identifiable information in order to complete the one-time game or activity .
We do not use the information for any other purpose and delete the information as soon as practical .
For example , in our Lifelong Literacy area , children can create an online picture postcard and email it to a friend .
In order to send the online postcard , we need both email addresses as well as the child 's first name so that the recipient will know who sent the card .
This information is not retained .
If the child chooses to post the online postcard in our gallery , we will not post any personally identifying information .
If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has made a request for information , for example through our Ask a Librarian forms , we will respond to the request and any identifying information will be deleted once we have responded .
Similarly , if we become aware that a child under 13 posted personally identifiable information on any of our websites , we will also delete that information .
In order to register for a myLOC account , a child under the age of 13 must provide an email address .
The child will also have to complete the parent 's or teacher 's email approval box so the Library can notify the adult of the registration and our privacy practices .
That email will also allow the adult to revoke the child 's account .
Like all registered myLOC users , a child can select a remember me sign-on option that sets a persistent cookie on the child 's computer .
As noted above , this cookie may be removed by modifying the browser .
The Library will disclose information about a child under the age of 13 if it is necessary to protect the child or the site itself , or to respond to law enforcement .
Additionally , if parents want us to delete any collected personally identifiable information about their children under the age of 13 , they can also contact us at the website address listed above .
Linking to the Library 's Website
As a publicly supported U.S. Government institution , the Library generally does not own rights in its collections and what is posted on its website .
Therefore , it does not charge permission fees for use of such material and generally does not grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute material on its website .
However , the Library requests that your link to the Library 's website be presented in a manner that does not give the impression that the Library is making an express or implied endorsement of any good or service provided on your website and that the link is presented in a manner that clearly indicates that the user is leaving one site and accessing another .
About Our Web Surveys
The Library uses various types of online forms and surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
Primarily , the Library uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey on an ongoing basis to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with various Library of Congress web properties .
The ACSI survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors ; it is voluntary and does not collect personal information .
The Library may also use other third party forms and surveys allowing you to provide feedback .
All information you submit is voluntary .
If you are randomly selected , a pop-up window will lead to the survey .
The survey uses a persistent `` cookie '' to recognize that you have been invited to complete the survey and block subsequent prompts .
If you have set up your Internet browser to ignore or disable pop-ups , you will not be able to be randomly selected for the survey .
If you have disabled JavaScript in your browser , but are interested in responding to our survey if randomly selected , you will want to enable JavaScript and reload the website now .
If you get the survey pop-up request , please consider completing it for us .
Thank you for your time and comments .
August 30 , 2012

Lonely Planet Privacy policy
Last updated : 15 November 2013
At Lonely Planet , we understand that privacy is really important .
So we have prepared this privacy policy to fill you in on who we are , how we collect and what we do with your personal information , and how you can find out more about our privacy philosophy and the personal information that we collect about you .
Who are we ?
What we collect and why
Information about other people
What about 'cookies ' ?
You tell who ?
Complaints , comments or corrections ?
Other Lonely Planet privacy policies :
So who are we
Lonely Planet operates through different companies around the world that are all part of the Lonely Planet family .
Individual Lonely Planet companies sometimes need to share personal information with other companies in the group to let us provide the quality products and standard of service you 've come to expect of us .
If corporate structure excites you , click here to learn more about the Lonely Planet family of companies .
What do we collect and why do we collect it
There are situations in which we ask you to give us information about yourself .
This information includes things like your name , address , e-mail address , and phone number .
In some situations you may be able to interact with us anonymously or by using a pseudonym .
If customers choose to purchase Lonely Planet products or services , we collect their credit card details and other identifying information in order to process orders and provide customer service .
The types of purposes for which we collect information about individuals include the following :
obtaining , responding to and managing feedback from travellers
allowing people to share their experiences with fellow travellers on our bulletin boards and managing communications on our bulletin boards to ensure that posts and messages submitted by users to Thorn Tree comply with our community guidelines and website terms & conditions
processing purchase orders and providing technical support
contacting travellers with information and updates ( like exciting travel news , great offers , promotions , special events , competitions and surveys ) from Lonely Planet ( but only if they have asked us to ) .
Our information and updates may also include information from our partners and other companies in the Lonely Planet group ( click here to learn more about the Lonely Planet family of companies ) .
managing our competitions and contacting the winners
personalising or improving the way Lonely Planet content is presented to you across a range of platforms ( see our `` Cookies Policy '' for more information )
We may also collect information about individuals involved in businesses , and this is mainly for :
preparing listings and reviews in our publications ( our writers may collect personal information in the course of gathering material for inclusion in our products , although you wo n't always know who they are at the time as we need to get the real story ! ) .
sending information about Lonely Planet and our products to our media and other industry contacts
distributing our products to distributors and retailers .
If you work for us ( as an employee or under contract ) we keep information about you in the context of that relationship .
There are some differences in how we deal with that type of personal information because of the relationship , plus some housekeeping stuff .
If you are in this group and want further information on how we deal with information about you , please contact your Human Resources manager or the person who manages your relationship with us .
Information about other people
One of the best things about the Lonely Planet community is that everyone is keen to share their views and experiences with others ( if you do n't believe us , just check out the thousands of daily posts at the Thorn Tree ) .
We welcome your contributions , but please respect the privacy of others and do n't share their information unless you have their permission .
If you want to include information about yourself we 'll take it that you understand how our services work and are happy for that information to be shared .
If you are unhappy that personal information about you has been included in one of our products or on one of our bulletin boards , please let us know .
Where reasonable and possible we will remove that information at the next practical opportunity - where it has been included in one of our publications that may be the next reprint or next edition .
Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about cookies used on LonelyPlanet.com
The security of your personal information is important .
Lonely Planet has in place proper security measures to protect your personal information .
We may share personal information amongst companies in the Lonely Planet family .
We may also disclose that information to our travel writers and other contractors who help us put together Lonely Planet products and services and , where relevant , to our business partners who assist us in providing these products and services , or to successors in title to our business .
This may involve transferring your data from one country to another .
By giving us your personal information or interacting with us , you acknowledge and agree to our use of your data on a global basis , but if you have any concerns about this please let us know .
If legal or health and safety issues arise we may also have to make disclosures to relevant organisations to deal with these matters .
Complaints , comments or corrections
You generally have a right to access the personal information Lonely Planet holds about you ( although there are exceptions ) .
For some Lonely Planet services you can access your registration and keep your personal information up to date online .
To access , correct , or update your other personal information , or if you have any questions about personal information , please contact us by email or by writing to us at Locked Bag 1 , Footscray , Victoria 3011 , Australia .
A world without lawyers
is a nice thought .
However , for the time being the information handling activities of the Lonely Planet Group are governed by privacy laws throughout the world .
For instance , in Australia that means being guided by the Australian Privacy Principles .
In Europe the regulations are based on EC Directive 95/46/EC .
You want to sign up to a newsletter but you 're worried it 'll open the floodgates of spam .
Here 's what we will and wo n't do if you sign up with us .
Lonely Planet collects your email address so we can send you the newsletters you 've subscribed to .
You will always have the option to unsubscribe .
Sleep easy , we will not sell your email address to marketing companies for spamming .
But we may need to disclose your email address to contractors who help us provide the newsletter service , and amongst companies in the Lonely Planet family including entities located in a different country to you .
You can manage your subscriptions and update your email address through our newsletters page at any time .
If you 'd like to find out more or if you have any questions about how we handle personal information generally , please read our full privacy policy .
Shopping online is as convenient as it gets , but handing over all your personal details might give you the shivers .
Here 's why we need your information and what we do with it .
When using Lonely Planet 's online shop , you may choose to supply Lonely Planet with 'personal information ' in order to purchase products online .
We collect this information so that we can fulfill your order and speed your products directly to you .
Without this information we would not be able to process your order or contact you if there are any issues .
If you 've asked to hear more about Lonely Planet we will use your personal information to send you what you 've asked for .
Rest assured , we will not sell your contact details to marketing companies for spamming , but we may disclose information about you to business partners who help us provide these services , such as credit card payment processing companies , and other companies in the Lonely Planet family including entities located in a different country to you .
If you 'd like to find out more , please read our privacy policy .
Travellers love giving feedback and we love receiving it .
If you 're wondering what happens now that we have your comments and information , here 's what goes down .
By submitting feedback , you may be supplying Lonely Planet with 'personal information ' .
We collect this information so that we can use your comments to improve our products , acknowledge your contribution in the next edition , and we might even reward the very best feedback with a free ebook chapter .
We might edit , reproduce or incorporate your comments in other Lonely Planet products , such as guidebooks , websites and digital products , so let us know if you do n't want your comment reproduced or your name acknowledged .
If you 're giving feedback within our online communities , please respect the privacy of others and be respectful generally .
Fear not , we will not sell your contact details to marketing companies for spamming , but we may disclose information about you to our authors and amongst companies in the Lonely Planet family , including to people located in a different country to you .
You have some rights to access personal information that we hold about you ( but there are exceptions - what good is a rule without them ! ) .
If you 'd like to find out more about this or if you have any questions about how we handle personal information generally , please read our full privacy policy .
In addition to our general privacy policy , the following applies in relation to our journalism and publishing activities .
We collect information from many sources in order to provide the best travel information that we can .
In some cases ( mainly for preparing listings and reviews in our publications ) this will include personal information about individuals ( things like the name of an individual who runs a hotel , restaurant or tour company ) .
In order to present unbiased and accurate information and opinion in our travel publications , we can not always identify ourselves .
After all , we need to get the real story !
Complaints , comments or corrections
Lonely Planet is keen to share the views and experiences of others but if you are unhappy that personal information about you has been included in one of our products , please let us know .
Remember , this means personal information about you as an individual , not information or opinions about your business .
Where reasonable and possible we will remove that personal information at the next practical opportunity - where it has been included in one of our publications that may be the next reprint or next edition .

The Lottery Post privacy policy is simple :
When browsing Lottery Post forums and messages , no personally identifying information is collected or used .
When you register as a Lottery Post Member , we will collect minimal personal information , including e-mail address and country .
Much of what we ask for is optional .
We do not provide any third party company or individual with any of the information that is posted at Lottery Post , or that is provided when you register .
When you post a message or when you register to become a member , we put a `` cookie '' on your PC for your convenience .
The cookie 's main function is to retain your login information on your PC so you do n't have to retype it the next time you post a message .
The cookie takes up practically no space on your PC hard drive , and is completely harmless .
Lottery Post is not a part of , or related in any way to , any government agency or lottery .
If you have any questions about our Privacy Statement , please contact us .

Lowe 's respects your concerns about privacy .
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we collect on Lowes.com and other official Lowe 's sites ( including mobile sites ) that link to this Privacy Statement , the Lowe 's Career Website hosted on brassring.com , official Lowe 's survey forms and sweepstakes entry forms on third-party sites and applications that link to this Privacy Statement , official Lowe 's mobile applications that link to this Privacy Statement ( the `` Mobile Applications '' ) , and from use of the in-store Wi-Fi network ( the `` Store Wi-Fi '' ) ( collectively , the `` Site '' ) .
The credit-related areas of the Site are covered by different privacy notices that appear on the credit application pages or that you receive in connection with your credit accounts , as applicable ; the term `` Site '' does not refer to these areas .
In some cases , a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to the website or online service .
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Site , how we may use that information and with whom we may share it .
The Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information .
We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices .
You may choose to provide us with personal information ( such as name , contact details and payment information ) , such as :
Contact information , such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address , and your title or occupation .
Login and access credentials ( such as username and password ) for Lowe 's accounts .
Payment information , such as your payment card number and expiration date .
Date of birth .
The geolocation of your device ( such as if you opt to use the `` Find Near Me '' feature of the mobile-optimized portion of our websites or our Mobile Applications ) .
The unique ID number associated with certain Lowe 's accounts .
Certain information about your Lowe 's purchases returns or exchanges .
Personal information in communications and other content you submit , such as photographs , product information and details about your projects and property .
Social media IDs , such as for Facebook or Twitter
Personal information you submit in your capacity as an independent contractor of Lowe 's , such as gender , ethnicity and identification numbers such as your NRDS ID number .
Personal information you submit in connection with a job application on the Career Website , such as your name , contact information , Social Security Number , date of birth , employment status , employment history , education information , references , rsum , immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States , driver license information , personal or family employment affiliation with Lowe 's , criminal record , and , on a voluntary basis for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US , gender , race and ethnic background .
Information We Collect by Automated Means
When you use our Site , we may collect certain information by automated means , using technologies such as cookies , Web server logs , Web beacons and JavaScript .
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device .
Our Site may use HTTP cookies , HTML5 cookies , Flash cookies and other types of local storage ( such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage ) .
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies .
You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel .
Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site or other websites and online services .
In conjunction with the gathering of information through cookies , our Web servers may log information such as your device type , operating system type , browser type , domain , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located .
The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet .
They also may log information about your interaction with this Site , such as which pages you visit .
To control which Web servers collect information by automated means , we may place tags on our Web pages called `` Web beacons , '' which are small files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies .
We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details your interactions with the Site .
We may use third-party Web analytics services on our Site , such as those of Google Analytics .
These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site .
The information collected by the technology ( including your IP address ) will be disclosed to these service providers , who use the information to evaluate your use of the Site .
To learn about opting out of Google Analytics , please click here .
We may use the information collected through automated means to provide a better tailored shopping experience and for market research , data analytics and system administration purposes , such as to determine whether you 've visited us before or are new to the Site , and for compliance with our legal obligations , policies and procedures .
We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites , including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below .
Information Collected Automatically by the Mobile Applications
If you elect to install the Mobile Applications , the information we collect may include the following :
Your geographic location , including within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area .
Information about your use of the Mobile Applications .
The type of device you use and its operating system .
Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier ) .
Your use of mobile coupons in a Lowe 's transaction .
This information will allow push notifications and other targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , and shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services .
It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement .
Information Collected Automatically by Store Wi-Fi
If you elect to use the free Store Wi-Fi available at Lowe 's stores , we will collect information such as the following :
The URLs and content of the pages you visit on any website ( e.g. , on yahoo.com or Lowes.com ) using your mobile device , and , on some websites , information you submit through online forms .
The apps on your mobile device that use the Store Wi-Fi .
Your geographic locations within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area within the range of the Store Wi-Fi .
How long you use the Store Wi-Fi at particular locations .
The type of device you use and its operating system .
Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier and MAC address ) .
Browser information and IP address .
The address of the store where you use the Store Wi-Fi .
This information will allow targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as specific coupons based upon the sites and pages you visited , special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , including competitive offers based upon other websites that you may be viewing , shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services .
It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement .
Data about your activities online is being collected on our Site for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests .
You may choose whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose .
This section of the Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise that choice .
You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties .
These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of the technologies described in the Information We Collect By Automated Means section above , and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests .
The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site , such as the pages you have viewed .
This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network , such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network .
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
To learn more about ad networks , including how to opt out , click here .
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect through the Site to :
Provide , administer and communicate with you about products , services , events and promotions ( including by sending you newsletters , coupons and other marketing communications ) .
Process , record and track your purchases , payments and rebates .
Process , evaluate and respond to your requests , inquiries and applications .
Manage our customer information databases .
Operate registrations , including on MyLowe 's and Lowes.com .
Administer contests , sweepstakes and surveys .
Create , administer and communicate with you about your accounts .
Customize your experience with our Site .
Provide you with in-store navigation and mapping services .
Allow you to find locations near you .
With respect to personal information we collect through our Career Website , evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding possible employment .
Operate , evaluate and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; performing market research , data analytics and data appends ; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing ; analyzing our products , services and Site ; administering our Site ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities ) .
Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure and quality .
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , industry standards and our policies and terms , such as our Terms and Conditions of Use .
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of the collection .
We may share personal information we collect on the Site with certain service providers , some of whom may use the information for their own purposes .
We also may share your information among our affiliates , joint marketing partners and companies that fulfill orders placed with us , who may send you marketing information .
In addition , we may share personal information we collect on the Site at your request .
We may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or legal process , such as a court order or subpoena ; ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as law enforcement authorities ; or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical , financial or other harm , injury or loss ; ( iv ) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity ; or ( v ) to assist in collecting debt owed by you .
We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets ( including , without limitation , in the event of a reorganization , dissolution or liquidation ) .
Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement .
Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you by updating your profile within your Lowe 's authenticated account , using the settings pages on certain websites or contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
Lowe 's Customer Care CON8
North Wilkesboro , NC 28659
For any of these options , please include your name , address , phone number and email address in the request , and let us know how you provided us with the information .
Account Profile and Communications Preferences Generally
You may access the profile page of certain accounts you maintain on our Site to modify certain personal information associated with your profile and indicate certain communications preferences .
Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you through email by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link in an email you receive from us , by updating certain subscriptions within certain Lowe 's authenticated accounts , within settings pages or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
To exercise your preferences regarding the collection of data for targeted advertising , please follow the directions in the Interest-Based Advertising section above .
To stop the collection of information via Store Wi-Fi , disconnect from the Store Wi-Fi network .
Please note that disconnecting from the Store Wi-Fi network will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Mobile Applications ' collection of your location .
To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Mobile Applications section below .
To stop collection of information by the Mobile Applications , delete the applications from your device .
To stop only the collection of information from the geolocation services available on your device ( such as your device 's GPS functionality ) , use your device 's settings to deactivate the Mobile Applications ' access to those services .
Please note that deactivating this access will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Store Wi-Fi 's collection of your location .
To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Store Wi-Fi section above .
The Lowe 's Privacy and Security Statement
To exercise a choice under a prior version of this statement , contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below .
Notice to California Customers
Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code 1798.83 , if you are a California resident , you may ask us to provide you with ( i ) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and ( ii ) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year .
To make such a request , please contact us as follows :
Lowe 's Customer Care
Attn : Privacy Team California Marketing Choices CON8
North Wilkesboro , NC 28656
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Site against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing .
Links to Other Websites
This Site contains links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us .
Linked websites , including those operated by Lowe 's , may have their own privacy notices , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them .
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that we do not control , any use of those websites or the privacy practices of those websites .
Updates to Our Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws .
We will post a notice on Lowes.com and certain other parts of the Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was updated .
We participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBBOnLine program .
Further information about this program and its dispute resolution process is available at the Better Business Bureau 's website .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us as indicated below .
When you contact us about personal information we hold about you , please let us know where you provided us with the information .
Lowe 's Customer Care
Attn : Privacy Team CON8
North Wilkesboro , NC 28656

Information on our privacy statement
Collection and processing of personal data
Limitations on use and disclosure of personal data
Enforcement of and compliance with this privacy statement
Any personal information collected during visits to our websites is processed in accordance with the provisions of German law .
Our data protection policy also complies with the internal data protection guidelines of the Lufthansa Group .
Our websites may contain links to other providers ' websites that are not covered by this privacy statement .
Lufthansa respects your personal privacy .
Collection and processing of personal data
Lufthansa stores your personal information if you provide it to us yourself , for example , during registration , as part of a survey or competition , or during contractual transactions ( e.g . booking a flight ) .
Furthermore Lufthansa analyses traffic on its website in order to understand our customers ' requirements and , based on these , to continually improve our site .
For this reason we store the IP address of a visitor 's Internet Service Provider as standard .
The IP address is not linked to a specific person .
Only anonymous , aggregate data is evaluated for statistical purposes during web analysis .
Data from individual uses of our website is stored for error analysis .
This information is used solely for correcting errors and is deleted after a two week storage deadline .
Lufthansa uses cookies to track visitor preferences and to improve the design of its websites accordingly .
Limitations on use and disclosure of personal data
This enables us to offer you a customized service and/or can also save you from having to enter the same information twice .
We only utilize as much information as is necessary .
We will not share your personal data with third parties .
You will be advised of this accordingly .
Some of our services give you the opportunity to store personal information ( e.g . FAQ ) .
Such information will only be used to respond to your current inquiry .
After your inquiry is closed , this information will not be retained without requesting your permission to do so .
If Government agencies or authorities ask us to collect or share personal data , we will do so only within the appropriate legal frameworks .
We require our employees , suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality and data secrecy in accordance with Article 5 of the German Federal Data Protection Act .
All airlines are required by law to provide the US Customs and Border Protection with the flight and reservation details of every passenger entering the USA .
This information is to be used exclusively for security purposes .
Further information is available here .
We would like to use your data to tell you about our products and services and those of our partners , and also to conduct occasional surveys .
You decide whether or not you would like to be contacted by us .
If you change your mind , you can alter your preferences at any time in the 'Newsletter and SMS services ' section under 'My Account ' > 'My Profile ' .
If requested , Lufthansa will confirm whether we store personal data about you and what this data is .
Despite our best efforts to ensure that this stored data is accurate and up-to-date , it may be incorrect .
If it is , we will correct it on request .
You can update most of your personal details yourself at any time under 'My Account ' > 'My Profile ' .
If changes occur to your personal details , please update your profile as soon as possible .
Lufthansa uses technical and organizational security measures to protect the data we hold about you against accidental or deliberate manipulation , loss , deletion or unauthorized access .
Our security measures are being improved continuously as new technology develops .
The processing and transmission of data is encrypted by the SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) protocol .
Enforcement of and compliance with this privacy statement
Deutsche Lufthansa AG is committed to complying with the articles of its data protection policy as described above .
Should you have any questions regarding the handling of your personal information , please contact our Group Data Protection Manager .
Together with data protection staff , this manager is also your point of contact for requests for information , suggestions or complaints .
Lufthansa Group Data Protection Manager
You may also send us your data protection inquiries by e-mail .
SSL : Encrypted communication via the internet
To ensure the highest possible security for the transmission of your data between your web browser and our internet system we use the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encrypting technology .
SSL enables an encrypted communication respectively transfer of documents via the internet between web browser and web server .
If your current browser is not SSL-enabled you can download the most up-to-date version for the two most popular web browsers .
Both products support SSL and are available for numerous operating systems .
Should the configuration of your computer not permit an installation please contact your system administrator .
API ( Advance Passenger Information )
What does API mean ?
Supplementing of API data in the case of Canada
What does API mean ?
A growing number of destination countries oblige the airlines that fly to them to transmit passenger data before an aircraft lands in one of them .
Usually , these legal regulations encompass the transmission of data on the passengers ' identity and travel documents ( passport , visa ) .
As a rule , an airline does not have these data , so it must collect them shortly before an aircraft departs , which increasingly is being done by means of the so-called 'machine-readable zone ' in the new travel documents .
Collection of the data is done solely for immediate transmission to the authorities of the destination country .
Extension of the API obligation in the European Union is planned over the next few years .
Supplementing of API data in the case of Canada
In addition , Canadian law obliges airlines that fly to the country to supplement the data transmitted within the framework of API by those stored in certain fields of the reservation record ( PNR ) of the passengers involved .
Canada and the European Union concluded an agreement to implement this legally prescribed transmission .
The European Union 's supervisory authorities for data protection confirmed that the data transmission provided for in this agreement was compatible with EU data protection regulations .
The agreed content of the reservation record ( as far as it is available ) has been transmitted since the end of April 2006 as a supplement to the standard API data .
The Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) requires you to provide your full name , date of birth , and gender for the purpose of watch list screening , under the authority of 49 U.S.C . section 114 , the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R parts 1540 and 1560 .
You may also provide your Redress Number , if available .
Failure to provide your full name , date of birth , and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area .
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice .
Cookies : Personalized surfing
Lufthansa Cookies : No risk
Depending on how your browser is set the cookie will either be saved or rejected .
If the file is saved our web server will be able to recognize your computer .
When visiting the website again or when switching between functions where you need to enter a password the cookie can save you additional entries .
Cookie simplify visits to sites that require the entry of user data .
You can only book a flight after you have entered your password .
Lufthansa Cookies : No risk
Cookies in general are no danger to your computer as they are only text file and not programs .
Some companies using this technology collect the information regarding consumer behaviour generated with the cookies for market research and advertising purposes .
You can either set your browser to receive our cookies or use our website without the cookie function .
In this case all text entries in forms will not be saved for further enquiries .
You will have to re-enter this information every time you visit our site .
Your browser might show a warning message if it receives a cookie .
With every query of a new Lufthansa page the identification cookie needs to be sent , so the warning message can be disturbing .
These settings can be individualized for every website .
Access to reservation information by US Homeland Security authorities
Agreement between the USA and the European Union
Specific aspects of the disclosure of information by Lufthansa
Agreement between the USA and the European Union
All airlines are legally required to disclose the flight and reservation details ( also known as the Passenger Name Record or PNR data ) of every passenger travelling to the USA to the American Customs and Border authorities ( Department of Homeland Security ) .
This information will be used solely for the purposes of combating terrorism .
The disclosure of the information and its use by the US authorities were regulated in an agreement between the European Union and the United States on 6 July 2007 .
This agreement was ratified by the German Federal Parliament ( Bundestag ) on 20 December 2007 .
The relevant law can be viewed at the address below , along with details of the agreement and the American undertaking regarding data protection :
Information about the law
Specific aspects of the disclosure of information by Lufthansa
For more information about the data which Lufthansa is obliged to pass on to the US authorities , please see the FAQs .
Register of proceedings of the data protection officer
Public register of proceedings regarding the processing of personal data
Pursuant to 4g II pg . 2 of the BDSG ( German Data Protection Act ) a data protection officer will provide information regarding data appearing in points 1 - 8 of this document in accordance with 4e sent .
1 BDSG upon request presented in an appropriate fashion .
Name of the responsible post
Dr. Christoph Franz ( Chairman )
Address of the responsible post
Authorized Director of Data Processing :
Dr. Christoph Kollatz , FRA CA ( Employee-related IT )
Dr. Christoph Klingenberg FRA IM ( Customer-related IT )
Company Data Protection Officer : Dr. Barbara Kirchberg-Lennartz , FRA DSB
Purpose of data collection , processing , or use
The business purpose of the company is domestic and non-domestic air traffic and the operation of all transactions and facilities connected to air travel and its demands .
For reasons demanded by business purposes , the company is authorized to establish branch offices and facilities both domestically and abroad , to participate in other companies both domestically and abroad , to acquire and to establish such companies , as well as to enter into all transactions including joint venture contracts .
It may cede its operations wholly or partially to such companies .
Data is collected , processed , and used for the above-mentioned purpose .
Highlights of the processing of personal data are the following areas :
Human Resources ( Administration and Development )
Suppliers ( Administration according to GoB criteria ( German GAAP )
Shareholders ( Administration and Support )
Customers ( Reservations , Customer Relationship Management )
Head Office and Management functions pursuant to the EDP General Employee/Works Council Agreement between Lufthansa AG and labor-management relations agencies
Description of groups of persons affected and their related data or data categories
Customer data , employee data , shareholder data , as well as data from suppliers , to the extent that this is necessary to fulfil the purposes specified in 4 .
Recipients or categories of recipients to whom data may be disclosed
Public service authorities where high-priority legal regulations demand , external contractors according to 11 BDSG , as well as external offices and internal Lufthansa departments , for fulfilling the purposes specified in 4 .
Statutory periods for deleting data
After expiration of storage obligations and periods as decreed by regulatory authorities , the relevant data is routinely deleted .
Any data to which this does not apply is deleted if it is not needed fur the purposes specified in 4 .
Planned transmission of data to other countries
Data is transmitted to authorities , customers , and suppliers in various countries within the context of conducting transactions that fulfill the business purpose in accordance with the above-named international regulations .
Deutsche Lufthansa AG takes safeguarding measures pursuant to 9 BDSG by practicing caution when awarding contracts , by maintaining appropriate quality regulations , and by training its staff .
Group data protection officer

Last Modified : 9/6/13
Lumos Labs , Inc .
( Lumos Labs or we ) knows your privacy is important to you and we are committed to providing a safe and secure user experience .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Lumosity Terms of Service , and applies to the use of Lumosity online at Lumosity.com and on mobile devices ( collectively , Lumosity or Services ) .
It describes how we collect , use , secure , and share information of our users and individuals whose payment details are used to purchase Lumosity ( collectively , you ) .
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information at Lumos Labs
No Disclosure to Third Parties for Their Own Marketing Purposes
When We Share Your Personal Information With Third Parties
Accessing , Reviewing , and Deleting Your Information
Security of Personal Information
Outside the United States Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information
What Information We Collect
Information you provide .
You are not required to create a Lumosity account to gain access to many areas of Lumosity .
If you do create an account , we ask for certain information to process your registration , including an email address and password .
If you subscribe to a paid account , we request additional information , including your full name and payment method details .
To help personalize your experience , we also ask for certain , limited demographic information , including your first name , gender , date of birth and education level .
Providing most of this information is optional .
We also allow you to upload a photo of yourself and select your preferences for training , language , and receiving email communications .
If you sign in to Lumosity using your Facebook or other third party credentials , we will use that service to authenticate you .
We may also collect other information that you have agreed may be provided by that third party , such as your username , name , e-mail address , date of birth and gender .
We collect this information so that it can be used for the purposes explained in this Policy .
We may supplement the information you provide to us with additional information gathered from other sources , such as publicly available information .
Data we collect .
In addition to the information you provide to us , when you use Lumosity , we may also automatically collect and store information about the computer , mobile device , or other devices you use to access Lumosity and about how you use Lumosity .
For example , we collect and store data about the games you play and your performance in those games .
We may also collect and store information such as your browser type , IP address , language , operating system , unique device identifier , the date and time of your visit , the pages you view and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting Lumosity .
Our use of cookies .
To collect information , we use cookies and other standard web technologies ( e.g. , pixel tags ) .
Cookies are small text files placed on the browser of your computer or mobile device when you visit a website that collect non-personal information .
We use persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to Lumosity .
We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of Lumosity , to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but allow you to disable cookies through the options or preferences menu of your browser .
Please be aware that disabling cookies could interfere with the functionality of Lumosity .
Third parties whose products or services are accessible in Lumosity , including social networking services like Facebook , may also use cookies or similar tools .
Please review their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other privacy practices .
The third-party advertising and analytics companies with whom we or our advertisers partner , including Google and New Relic , may place a unique cookie or utilize similar technologies on your browser in order to collect non-personal information about your visits to Lumosity .
If you would like more information about this practice and how to control how this information is used by these companies , please visit the following links :
How We Use Your Information at Lumos Labs
We use the information we collect to operate and provide you with Lumosity .
This includes , but is not limited to :
Authenticating your login and processing your payments ;
Personalizing your Lumosity experience and customizing your training program ;
Allowing you to monitor your performance and progress in Lumosity , by , for example , presenting charts and graphs of your performance to you ;
Customizing and delivering information about our products and services by email ;
Providing customer service and sending confirmations about your account ;
Protecting our intellectual property or other rights ; and
Managing and improving our business , our games , and our training .
You can opt out of receiving most emails by navigating to your Email Notifications page , but we reserve the right to email you to confirm transactions or to address account issues , such as when you make a purchase , or you request a reset password .
We also reserve the right to use non-personal information ( e.g. , de-identified or aggregate data ) for any purpose .
For example , we show aggregate performance measures to users to allow them to evaluate their performance against other Lumosity users .
Also , in connection with our Human Cognition Project , we may disclose performance statistics to university collaborators to evaluate , study , and improve the effectiveness of our programs or human cognition more generally .
In these situations , all data is disclosed either in aggregate form or with information that can identify you removed .
In addition , when we work with university collaborators , we contractually prohibit them from attempting to re-identify individuals from data that has been de-identified .
No Disclosure to Third Parties for Their Own Marketing Purposes
We believe in protecting your privacy , and therefore do not provide your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes .
When We Share Your Personal Information With Third Parties
We may share your personal information in the following ways :
Service providers and agents .
We may share your information with certain third parties selected by us to help support our operations .
These include , for example , services that help us process payments , analyze web traffic , send emails , and track customer service requests .
In addition , we may share limited personal information to third parties that help us market or advertise Lumosity .
These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and we contractually require them to protect your information consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information with our corporate affiliates , such as entities under common ownership or control .
We may sell , transfer , or otherwise share some or all of our assets in connection with a merger , reorganization , business transaction , or in the event of bankruptcy .
In such scenarios , your information may be one of the assets transferred .
We will post a notice or otherwise notify you before the information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Compliance with law and law enforcement requests , and protection of our rights .
We may disclose your information when we have a good faith belief we are required to do so by law , or in response to a subpoena , court order , or other legal mechanism .
We may also disclose your information when we have a good faith belief that disclosure may prevent fraud and abuse of Lumosity or its users or protect our property rights .
We may disclose your information when we believe we have your consent to do so , such as when you contact customer service and ask us about your account , or when we have the consent of someone we believe is authorized to consent on behalf of you , such as the individual associated with the payment method for your account .
If you have expressly agreed to participate in a research study with us or with a third party that incorporates your personal information collected by Lumosity , we also may disclose your information for the purpose of facilitating the research to which you have consented .
Accessing , Reviewing , and Deleting Your Information
You can access , review and correct the registration and demographic information we have collected about you by logging into your account and navigating to the Account page .
You may also access or delete the information all of the information we have collected about you by contacting us at the contact information listed below .
While we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests , if allowed by applicable laws , we reserve the right to impose certain requirements and restrictions on such requests , such as limiting our production of information to certain formats .
Security of Personal Information
We have implemented and maintain reasonable security practices to protect against the unauthorized access , use , modification , destruction or disclosure of your personal information .
For example , we use one or more of SSL encryption , firewalls , and anti-virus software .
However , no method of transmission or storage is completely secure , and we therefore can not guarantee absolute security .
Outside the United States Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information
If you access Lumosity outside of the United States , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of your personal information to , and the collection and processing of such personal information in the United States .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
If we make material changes , we will provide advance notice to you either by email , by posting a notification on Lumosity or by posting an updated TOS on Lumosity 45 days in advance of the effective date of the updated TOS .
Please note that , for existing users , unless otherwise provided by applicable law , your continued use of Lumosity following the effective date means that you agree with , and consent to be bound by , the updated TOS .
We welcome inquiries or comments about our Privacy Policy via our help center here .
You may also send a letter to the following address :
153 Kearny Street , 6th Floor
San Francisco , CA 94108

Effective as of February 23 , 2010
We at Lyricsfreak.com respect the privacy concerns of the users of this site and have created this privacy policy to explain ( 1 ) what information we gather from you when you visit our site , ( 2 ) how we may use such information , ( 3 ) your choices concerning how we may use such information and ( 4 ) the security measures we take to protect such information .
Some information is collected on this site automatically through our technology ; other information is collected only when you choose to give it to us ( e.g. , when you set up an account , register for a contest or sign up for a specific online transaction ) .
Information We Gather Automatically
When you visit this site , certain non-personally identifying information is recorded automatically by the standard operation of our Internet servers .
Information such as the type of browser being used , its operating system , and your computer 's Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address ( a number that your Internet service provider assigns to your computer whenever you surf the Internet ) is gathered in order to facilitate our online operations and to assure an efficient online experience for you .
We may use or share this information for security purposes , to generate group statistics about our user community , or as required by law .
Among the purposes for which we may use such generally non-personally identifying information is for identification purposes in the event of an emergency threatening life or property , or where proper legal process allows using such information .
For instance , we may use your IP address or other automatically recorded information , in cooperation with your Internet provider , to attempt to identify you if it is necessary to contact you or to bring legal action against you because you are violating the Terms of Service for use for this site , may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with our company 's rights or property , or may be adversely affecting other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
Personal Information You Provide To Us
We may request personally identifying information from you in a variety of contexts .
For example , you may provide such data to us if you : ( 1 ) complete an online registration form ( e.g. , registering for an account , various sign-up forms for receiving email newsletters , registering for special offers , entering a contest/sweepstakes or responding to a survey ) ; ( 2 ) fill out an order form to request information ; ( 3 ) register to participate in message boards and chat rooms ( if any ) and other community features ; or ( 4 ) purchase any products or services from us or another Lyricsfreak.com business .
In such cases , the personally identifying information we request may include your name , email address , mailing address and zip code , phone number , and , where appropriate , a valid credit card number with expiration date ( collectively , `` Personal Information '' ) .
In addition , we may collect other non-personally identifying information such as your date of birth , gender , country of residence , language preference , hobbies and other information regarding your interaction with our site such as your viewing and listening habits , preferences and other customized activities in which you participate .
Of course , you never have to answer any of the questions we ask you ( nor choose to view or listen to any multimedia content or otherwise interact with our site ) , but refusal to do so may limit the products or services we can offer or provide to you .
When you provide Personal Information to us , we may use that data to create a `` Profile Page for you , which will be held in a database using reasonable security measures to protect the data from unauthorized access .
Others outside Lyricsfreak.com will not be allowed to see the data on your Profile Page except with your consent ( see below ) .
If you register to set up an account , you will be able to access your Profile Page at any time in order to update your individual Personal Information listed therein ( see below under `` How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information ? '' for more details ) .
How Can Your Personal Information Be Used
When you purchase products or services from Lyricsfreak.com we will use your Personal Information to fulfill your order and for customer service .
Many online customers are particularly concerned about their credit card information , which we will share only as required by companies involved in your transaction ( e.g. , fulfillment , billing , mailing , storage or delivery services ) .
We will not share your credit card information with any other Lyricsfreak.com company or third party unless that company needs the number for the fulfillment or delivery of your order .
We do not rent , sell or share credit card information with promotional partners or other third parties .
We may have links to third party-operated sites that sell or license certain music , videos , or other goods mentioned , provided , or promoted on Lyricsfreak.com .
Lyricsfreak.com and its parent company are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not in our immediate control .
We may use your Personal Information and other non-personally identifying information we collect to update you about our products or services or to contact you about exciting offers of new products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
You always have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from us by opting out .
You may opt out by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive or by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
With Other Lyricsfreak.com-Related Companies
When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com , we may share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with other Lyricsfreak.com related companies .
As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from other Lyricsfreak.com related companies that include offers of products or services tailored to your interests .
These communications might include , for example , emails or mailed literature about new products or services , promotions , discounts , sales , openings of new facilities or websites or other similar information .
You have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from other Lyricsfreak.com-related companies that we may provide your information to by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive , or by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
Finally , without any specific approval from you , we may develop general aggregate data ( i.e. , data that can not be used to identify specific individuals ) about our user community that is partly based on information about you and your transactions with Lyricsfreak.com .
For example , hypothetically , you might be one of 1,000,000 customers between the ages of 25 and 35 .
We may share such aggregate statistics with other Lyricsfreak.com-related companies without your consent .
When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com in connection with a contest , we may share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with the sponsor or sponsors of such contest .
By entering a contest , you are allowing such sponsor or sponsors to use such Personal Information and to contact you in connection with the contest and in accordance with their own privacy policies .
When you give Personal Information to Lyricsfreak.com , we may ask you to allow us to share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers .
In such instances , our general practice is to ask you to `` opt-in '' to share such data and information on , for example , a specific promotion , registration page or sweepstakes .
However , in some instances , we may ask you to `` opt-out '' from sharing such data and information with a given promotional partner or third party advertiser in connection with a specific promotion , registration page or sweepstakes .
If you prefer , you may give us blanket permission to share your Personal Information with all of our promotional partners and third-party advertisers .
Conversely , you may also choose not to allow us to share your Personal Information with any other companies outside Lyricsfreak.com .
If you consent to share your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers , you are allowing such parties to use such Personal Information and to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You have the option to change your mind and to stop us from further sharing your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers by contacting Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
We will not retrieve any Personal Information shared with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers prior to your decision to opt-out .
If you wish to limit or discontinue receiving further communications from a promotional partner or third-party advertiser , please contact that company directly in the manner indicated in its own communications with you .
Without any specific approval from you , Lyricsfreak.com may develop general aggregate data ( i.e. , data that can not be used to identify specific individuals ) about you that is partly based on information about you and your transactions us .
We may share such aggregate statistics with promotional partners and third-party advertisers without your consent .
Finally , we may use your Personal Information in connection with third-party advertisers who serve ads to you while visiting a Lyricsfreak.com site .
These third-party advertisers may use your Personal Information ( not including any personally identifying information you may provide ) in order to generate advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like to know more about this practice and to obtain information about how third-party advertisers use your Personal Information to select advertisements please click here .
For Legal Enforcement Purposes
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information , including credit card information , as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service for this site or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with our company 's rights or property , other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
In such circumstances , we will , where possible , require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of any Personal Information so disclosed .
As an Asset of Lyricsfreak.com
We thank you for entrusting us with your Personal Information , and also should inform you that for business purposes , the information that you provide and that we collect through your usage of the service is also an asset of Lyricsfreak.com and will become part of our normal business records .
If Lyricsfreak.com or a substantial part of our business is sold or otherwise transferred to a third party , such as a legal successor in interest , your Personal Information may be transferred to that third party .
How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information
You can access , review , update and correct Personal Information you have provided us by accessing your Profile Page .
If you prefer , you can also contact us by sending an email to Webmaster email and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
Lyricsfreak.com cares about the security of your Personal Information .
We follow generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use such Personal Information .
When you provide credit card information , we use secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption for that data .
Despite many advances in information security technology and procedures , however , no commercially deployed method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we do strive to use modern and commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems .
For Parents Concerning the Privacy of Information on Their Children
We are a general audience site that does not knowingly collect data or accept registrations from children under 13 years of age .
Currently , we do not collect any age-specific data on our site .
If , in the future , we decide to collect any age-specific data on our site , we will , at a minimum , take reasonable steps to ensure that any users who may be under 13 years of age ( and who attempt to complete the registration process on our site ) are directed to another site within the Lyricsfreak.com family which specifically complies with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , or COPPA .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file that an Internet site can place on your computer 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make using this site easier by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you , keeping track of your shopping cart when you visit an online store or other similar purposes , and to help identify you whenever you return to our site , so you do not need to reenter your identification information .
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
However , you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent ( note : you may need to consult your browser 's `` Help '' area for instructions on how to do that ) .
If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie , some parts of this site will not function properly or may perform considerably slower .
For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty downloading tablatures , watching videos or utilizing the Community Forums .
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images ( called `` Clear GIFs '' , `` Single-Pixel GIFs '' , or `` Web Beacons '' ) that allow us to count page views or to access cookies .
In general , any electronic image viewed as part of a web page , including an ad banner , can act as a Clear GIF .
Typically , though , Clear GIFs are very small ( 1-by-1 pixel size ) files .
They are often invisible on a web page , but their presence can be detected within many Internet browsers by setting your browser to view web page `` sources '' .
Clear GIFs are so small in order not to use valuable space on the computer screen that is better used to display helpful content .
We may also include Clear GIFs in our email products in order to determine information about the opening and reading of such emails .
In addition , some advertising networks that serve ads on our web site may occasionally use Clear GIFs within banner advertisements .
Clear GIFs set by Lyricsfreak.com generally are not used to collect , gather , monitor , or share personal information about our users , though they can be used in conjunction with cookies to record particular actions .
We use Clear GIFs primarily to compile aggregated , anonymous statistics about web site or email product usage .
Message Boards , Chat Rooms and Instant Messaging
If you visit a message board , chat room or utilize an instant messaging service on this site , if any , you are solely responsible for the content of messages you post there .
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personal Information ( for example , your name , street address , email address , or telephone number ) on message boards , chat rooms or instant messaging services , that information can be read , collected and used by other users of these services and may result in unsolicited messages , both commercial and otherwise .
You agree that by participating in such online public forums , you will not use such forums for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Lyricsfreak.com community guidelines that may be in effect from time to time in connection with such service .
We reserve the right to terminate your access to this site or to take other protective steps if you violate those terms .
Links to Other Sites
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the content or practices of web sites operated by companies outside of Lyricsfreak.com that may be linked to this site .
You should not assume that their privacy policies or practices are the same as those followed by our company or by other Lyricsfreak.com companies .
Visitors to any such web sites should refer to their respective privacy policies and practices .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about our Privacy Policy , you can contact our customer service department at Webmaster email .
When we receive such inquiries about our Privacy Policy , we will use the Personal Information ( such as your email address ) only to respond to your question or comment .
However , if your question raises one or more issues that affect our promotional partners , we may also share your question with them in order to provide a response .
Changes in This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify , alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time , so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we make changes that we consider material in our privacy practices , we will notify you in this space .
We may also attempt to notify you of any such material changes to our privacy practices via email or by placing a notice on our home page .
Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
By using this site , you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Lyricsfreak.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy .

Privacy Policy for Macmillan Dictionary
We take your privacy very seriously .
Please read this privacy policy .
It will help you to understand how we use your personal information .
If there is anything in this policy that you do not understand , or you have a question about how we use your personal information , please write to us at the address given at the end of this policy .
We may change this privacy policy at any time , so please check it each time you visit this website .
By using our website , you are agreeing that we can use your personal information as it says in this privacy policy .
IMPORTANT NOTE : If you are under twelve years old , you must obtain your parent 's or guardian 's permission before you send us any personal information .
We may ask for proof that your parent or guardian has given his/her permission before we collect any personal information from you .
We think it 's important for parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on our website .
If your child is younger than 12 , we ask you to play an active role in safeguarding his or her privacy when using our website .
What personal information do we collect
We may collect various types of personal information from you ( such as your name , address , email address and interests ) when you register on our website , sign-up to our newsletter , make an enquiry , send us anything to appear on our website , or enter one of our competitions .
Please remember that if you send us something to go on our website and it includes any personal information , that personal information may be seen by anyone who looks at our website so think carefully before you send us anything ! Please do not send us anything to appear on our website which includes any personal information that you do not want everyone to see .
Also , please do not send us anyone else 's personal information without getting that person 's permission first .
When you visit our website , we may collect your computer 's `` IP Address '' .
An IP Address is a very long number that identifies your computer .
We collect your computer 's IP address for technical reasons so that we can send and receive information to you over the internet .
Like most other websites , we use cookies .
A cookie is a small file that is sent from our system and gets stored on your computer .
We use cookies to collect information about how people use our website ( for example , how many people have visited a particular part of our website or how long they spend looking at certain pages ) .
This type of information is really useful because it helps us to understand which parts of our website are popular so that we can make it better .
We also use cookies to make your visit to our website better , for example by letting the website remember your choices or your name when you return to the website .
You can tell your computer not to accept cookies from our website .
If you do decide not to accept cookies from our website , it 's possible that some of the parts of our website might not work as well .
By using our site you are agreeing to us using cookies as described in this privacy policy .
How do we use your personal information
We may use your personal information to answer your queries or run a competition that you may have entered ( e.g . so that we can let you know if you have won anything , send you your prizes , and let other people know who the winner was ) .
If you send us anything to appear on our website , we may use your name , so that we can give you credit for the thing you sent us .
If you provide us with any information about your interests , we may use it to decide what types of books we should be publishing in the future .
We may also use your personal information to learn more about the type of people who are interested in our website and our books .
When you give us your personal information , it may get sent to other countries ( some of which might be outside of Europe ) so it can be stored on computers there .
Some countries outside of Europe do n't have laws which protect your personal information in the same way as European countries do .
However , whenever we do send your personal information to other countries , we 'll take steps to ensure that it 's treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy .
We try to keep your personal information safe and secure .
However , please note that the internet is not completely secure and we are not responsible for anything that happens to your personal information as it is being sent from your computer to us .
Will we ever give your personal information to someone else
We are part of a group of companies , so we may occasionally give your personal information to other companies within our group , where , for example , we reorganise the way our group of companies is structured .
Generally , your personal information will only be used by people who work for us ( some of whom may work in our offices abroad ) .
However , we also use various other companies to provide services to us ( e.g . to run some of the technical parts of our website ) , some of those companies may need to have access to your personal information so they can do their job however we will always require them to treat your personal information securely .
If another company wants to buy our company ( or certain parts of it ) , we may provide your personal information to that company .
We may also need to give your personal information to someone else if we have to do so for legal reasons .
Will you ever be contacted
Where we have your permission , we may email you from time to time to tell you about our new products and some of the stuff we 're doing .
Where we have your permission , we may also give your email address to other companies so they can email you about their products .
Our website contains links to other websites .
We are not responsible for those other websites and how they treat any personal information you give them .
Those other websites will have their own privacy policies which you should read .
This privacy policy only applies to this website .
This website is operated by a company called `` Macmillan Publishers Limited '' , which is also known as `` Macmillan Dictionary '' , `` Macmillandictionary Blog '' .
Macmillan Publishing Limited is a company registered in England .
Our registered number is 00785998 .
Our registered office is at :
We also want to make sure your personal information is correct and up-to-date .
When was this Privacy Policy last updated

MakeupAlley is committed to protecting the privacy of our users .
We sometimes collect personal information from our users .
MakeupAlley maintains the confidentiality , security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users .
We do not disclose personal information to any outside party .
When registering for MakeupAlley.com or any of its related services , we ask you to provide certain personal information .
This information is for internal use only and will not be distributed or sold to any parties outside MakeupAlley .
We strive to create contests and content which require a very minimal amount of information from our users .
Our online surveys and contests sometimes ask users for contact information ( like their email addresses ) or information about their hobbies or interests .
This information is also only for internal purposes and will not be shared with any party outside MakeupAlley .
You should be aware that when you are on MakeupAlley.com you might be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
Every site on the web has a different privacy policy and different policies regarding your personal information .
The privacy policies and the practices of sites outside of MakeupAlley.com and all of its services are beyond our control .
It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policies of any and all websites you visit on the world wide web .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information .
Always be aware of where you end up on the web .
By using this site , you signify your assent to the MakeupAlley privacy policy .
If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our site .
Your continued use of our site following posted changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes .
You can send email to us with any further questions .
At MakeupAlley , we recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy .
We use the information we collect on our site to provide you with a superior experience .
When you register , we will ask you to set up an account , which includes your name , e-mail address and optionally your mailing address and various beauty related questions .
In addition , we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive e-mail from MakeupAlley or sponsors or partners keeping you informed of news or features .
We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release .
We will not give , sell , rent , or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party , unless legally required to do so .
We may share non-personal , summary , or aggregate data with partners and other third parties .

Effective as of February 22 , 2011
Malayala Manorama Co Ltd .
( `` Malayala Manorama '' or `` we '' ) operates manoramaonline.com , fasttrackworld.com , gulfmanorama.com , manoramanews.com the Malayala Manorama iPhone application , the Malayala Manorama iPad application , the Malayala Manorama Android application , the Malayala Manorama Java/Symbian application , Malayala Manorama Windows application and any other Malayala Manorama owned and controlled URL , Mobile site and mobile application ( collectively , the `` Site '' ) , Malayala Manorama messaging services , video services , RSS feeds , podcasting services , mobile services , and any other feature , content , or applications offered from time to time by Malayala Manorama in connection with Malayala Manorama ' business ( collectively , the `` Malayala Manorama Services '' ) .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , Malayala Manorama is a general audience site , is not targeted to children , and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy describes Malayala Manorama 's collection and use of users ' personal information ( e.g. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) .
It also describes generally Malayala Manorama 's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , user interests , demographics and site usage ) to the extent such information is associated with a particular user or user account .
This Privacy Policy applies to all `` users , '' including both visitors ( users who use some of the Malayala Manorama Services without being registered ) and `` Members '' ( users who have registered with Malayala Manorama ) .
SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON Malayala Manorama SERVICES User Submitted Information
Registration Information is the information that Members must provide to use at registration in order to create a profile ( also called an `` account '' ) , and includes display name , email address , year of birth , zip code , and country .
Malayala Manorama Collected Information
Malayala Manorama Services Activity Information .
When users access the Malayala Manorama Services , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Malayala Manorama Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Malayala Manorama Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it .
We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) , which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier .
Web sites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the web site can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site .
We may use these technologies to anonymously collect and store information about your usage of the Malayala Manorama Services , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run , and advertisements you have seen .
If Malayala Manorama wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Malayala Manorama provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent .
Third parties that support the Malayala Manorama Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing users to share content or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Malayala Manorama does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through the Malayala Manorama Services .
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Site and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture .
Public information and posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines .
To improve the quality of the Malayala Manorama Services , we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties .
If you access the Malayala Manorama Services through a third-party connection , log-in , website , app or service , we may also collect your public user ID associated with that third-party service , and any information or content you have permitted that third party service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address , and any information you have made public in connection with that service and which the third party shares with partner services .
When you access the Malayala Manorama Services through a third party service , or when you connect the Malayala Manorama Services to a third party service , you are authorizing us to collect , store and use any and all information or content you have made public in connection with that service in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Means of Notice and Choice .
This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Malayala Manorama provides you with notice about its collection and use of your personal information .
Malayala Manorama will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission .
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the Privacy Policy section of the Website .
The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website .
It is the responsibility of each User to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy .
Location of Data .
The Malayala Manorama Services are hosted in the United States .
If you are a user located inside or outside India , you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States .
Indian data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The Malayala Manorama Services may also be linked to sites operated by Malayala Manorama affiliates ( i.e. , that are part of the `` Affiliated Companies '' ) or third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer games or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
Malayala Manorama is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Malayala Manorama Services via a link , enable a third-party service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site .
Additionally , although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the Malayala Manorama corporate Privacy Principles , users who visit an Affiliated Company site should still refer to its separate privacy policy , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
We use the information we collect from and about users for the following purposes :
To provide and manage the Malayala Manorama Services .
We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Malayala Manorama Services and features to you including to measure and improve those services and features , to personalize your experience by delivering relevant content , advertising and marketing messages , to provide you with customer support , and to respond to inquiries .
We may use aggregated , anonymous data about use of and activity on the Malayala Manorama Services to assist us in this regard and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Malayala Manorama Services .
Malayala Manorama may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Malayala Manorama Services .
These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to Site .
We may use the information you provide to us , and information we collect about your use of the Malayala Manorama Services through cookies and other technologies , to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the Malayala Manorama Services .
We may work with third-party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you .
We do not share your non-public personal information with these third parties , but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see on the Malayala Manorama Services .
As noted above , these third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable information such as demographic information , aggregated information , and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests .
To contact you .
Malayala Manorama may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or notifications related to the Malayala Manorama Services to the email address you provided to us at registration or to your account .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from Malayala Manorama , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as you are a member , such as notifications of changes to the Malayala Manorama Services or policies .
To protect the rights of Malayala Manorama and our users .
There may be instances when Malayala Manorama may disclose user information without providing notice or choice , including situations where Malayala Manorama has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Malayala Manorama , our Affiliated Companies or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety and security of users of the Malayala Manorama Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Malayala Manorama sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Malayala Manorama may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Malayala Manorama uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
ACCESS , REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE
Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site .
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies .
Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact Malayala Manorama at :
Malayala Manorama Co Ltd
P.B No . 26
K.K Road , Kottayam .

This privacy policy explains what information is collected when you use the Web sites , applications , content and services of Manta.com and its affiliated properties ( Manta ) , why this information is collected , and how we use it to improve your experience .
Manta is provided by Manta Media , Inc. and its affiliates ( `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
Your Manta information consists of personally identifiable information collected or received about you when you make purchases from us , when you register with us , when you set up profiles to share with others , when you interact with other users on Manta , or when you log in to Manta as a registered user and interact with Manta products and services .
Your Manta information may include ( a ) registration-related information ( such as name , address , telephone and fax numbers , email address ) ; ( b ) member profile about yourself that you can share with others ; ( c ) a profile on your business or your profession that you desire to share with others , ( d ) transaction-related information ( such as credit card or other preferred means of payment , or a history of products purchased through us ) ; ( e ) information about your visits to Manta or our other web sites , pages and services ; ( f ) your responses to our offerings and advertisements ; ( g ) information about the features or offerings you use from us ; ( h ) your billing and shipping information ; ( i ) customer service information ; and ( j ) other information specifically related to your use of a particular Manta feature or offering .
Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information and other information that we may append or match to your information .
When you register with us , sign up for an application or service , become a member of a company profile or make recommendations on the service , we use certain information we collect from you ( your name , business , and location of your business ) to set up a profile on your behalf to share with others , and which information will be available by search to help you promote your business or profession .
After you register with Manta , you may provide additional member information about yourself ( member profile , company profile ) and add company profile information about your business in the My Profile area on Manta .
Such member and company profiles could include , at your option , a description of your skills or products , experience , education and membership in organizations .
Also in the My Profile area , you can control what information you want to share with others .
We may offer you services to send invitations via Manta or email addresses if they are not Manta users in order to connect with others on Manta .
The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow us to help expand your network .
You understand and agree that when you send an invitation to connect to another user , that user will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation .
Your connections will also have access to your email address .
You may not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you .
You Consent to our Collection of Information
By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your Manta account , interacting with Manta 's services and features , or adding any additional details to your profile , you understand and agree that we may process information about you and make information about you available to others .
In addition , if you post any information about yourself on areas of Manta that are publicly accessible , such as message boards or forums , you understand and agree that such information will be available to others .
Google , Inc. supplies the mapping services on Manta .
How Manta Information Is Used
Your Manta information is used to operate and improve the features , offerings and content presented to you by us ; to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you ; to fulfill your requests for products , programs , and services ; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries ; to conduct research about your use of our products ; to share information about you and your business ; to communicate with other users and business contacts ; and , to help offer you other products , programs , or services that may be of interest or relevance to you .
Your Manta information will not be shared with third parties for marketing purposes unless it is necessary to fulfill a transaction you have requested , or in other circumstances in which you have given your consent to the sharing of your Manta information to affiliates , partners , agents or other parties whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you .
Since Manta is design to help companies and business professionals network with others , Manta is designed so that certain information about you and your business is available to others on Manta and via search engines , including , your name , and location of your business , and to help you communicate with companies and business professionals .
As we explain below , you can add , enhance , modify or delete what information is made available to others in the My Profile area of Manta .
We may use your Manta information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers .
We may use agents and contractors in order to help operate Manta and provide Manta services to you .
Their use of information is limited to these purposes .
The contents of your online communications , as well as other information about you as a Manta user , may be accessed and disclosed in response : to lawful governmental requests or legal process ( for example , a court order , search warrant or subpoena ) , in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user , that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person , when necessary either to protect our property , or for us to render the service you have requested .
In the event that our ownership was to change as a result of a merger or acquisition by another company , your Manta information may be transferred .
We will provide you notice prior to any such transfer of your Manta information .
In the My Profile area on Manta , you have the following choices :
You may review , enhance , add , change or delete such information in the My Profile area .
You may choose to make your member profile available to search engines through the My Profile area .
You may control how other users may send you messages .
You may change your settings to control visibility on Manta .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to block access to your information upon termination of your account ; however , you understand and agree that certain information may be retained by us as part of our standard back up and archiving process .
Any e-mails that you receive that contain marketing promotions will provide an option to remove your name from future mailings ; provided , however , you understand and agree that this exclusion does not apply to notices we provide you about your Manta services .
Cookies , Advertising Networks
We may place `` cookies '' on your Web browser .
Cookies are small pieces of information or text files that a website sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes , which information is stored in a file on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies make Websurfing and browsing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate and improve your use of Manta .
Please note that you will not be able to access and use all of Manta 's features if you delete or refuse to accept cookies .
For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set certain personalized preferences , and/or you may have difficulty completing transactions on Manta .
Also , we , and certain third party companies under agreement with us , may deploy cookies , pixel tags , web beacons or similar technologies to collect and assemble non-personal , demographic , behavioral and technical information about the use of Manta from our users in order to group such users that share a common interest into general interest categories ( collectively , Audience Segment Cookies ) .
Such Audience Segment Cookies , which do not identify you personally , may be placed when you access Manta , share content from Manta , when advertisements are presented on Manta , and/or when you respond to advertisements or other offerings on Manta .
We and these third party companies may use such non-personally identifiable information in combination with your visits to Manta and other sites in order to present advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you , to measure the effectiveness of Manta and advertisements , and to help predict the characteristics and preferences of our audiences and the audiences of our third party companies .
We may share certain information about you as a user that is not personally identified to you ( such as user industry and position ) with certain advertising network providers in order to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks .
The use of cookies by ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies .
Please click here to find out what choices you have to `` opt out '' of the targeted advertising delivered by these networks .
Many of the advertising networks participate in the opt-out program offered by the Network Advertising Initiative .
Our mobile applications may include location-based services .
These services may include applications that can help you search and find businesses located near you .
When you sign in and use our location-based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide our services to you .
We may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device .
We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers .
By using our location-based services , you authorize us to locate your device and to record , compile and display your location .
We may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as , users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN numbers and users ' network access identifier information .
We may use third party providers to help operate our services .
Google , Inc. provides our location-based mapping services .
You may discontinue any location-based service by going to the location services settings on your device and turn off GPS and other settings that can locate your device .
Our applications may give you the ability to store your log-in credentials on a mobile device so that you can be logged-in automatically when your launch our services .
You may deactivate the automatic feature by using the log-off feature on our applications .
You understand that you are solely responsible if someone else obtains access to your mobile device if it is lost or stolen .
You agree to notify your mobile carrier promptly to prevent unauthorized access to your device and your Manta profile .
You may also notify us if you believe your profile has been compromised .
We make available a secure page for entering sensitive information , protected by industry-standard SSL encryption technology .
This technology encrypts your information prior to transmitting it over the Internet .
We maintain the confidential information you provide us in a secure database .
We further require credentials such as a user identification ( e.g. , email address ) and password to limit access to registered accounts .
Please keep in mind that while we have established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of you Manta information , we can not guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy ( for example , in the event of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or our policies ) .
If you have further questions or concerns that have not been addressed in this statement , please send your inquiries to :
c/o Manta Media Inc .
Columbus , Ohio 43240
Please be sure to include your name , address and daytime phone number so we can contact you .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically .
If there are significant changes to our information practices , you will be provided with appropriate online notice .
You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from us as well as for special features and services not described in this Policy that may be introduced in the future .
Last Updated : April 16 , 2013

Manchester United is a group of companies which includes Manchester United Limited , Manchester United Football Club Ltd and Manchester United Interactive Ltd ( together `` MU '' , `` we '' and `` us '' ) .
For a full list of companies in the Manchester United Group please click here .
MU takes the privacy of all its fans , customers and website users very seriously and takes great care to protect your information .
This privacy policy explains what information we collect about you , how we may use it , and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure .
We also explain your rights and how to contact us .
Please note , this website contains links to other websites which are provided for your convenience .
We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this site .
We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit .
By using this website and giving your information to us , you indicate your consent to us and our commercial partners collecting and using your personal information in accordance with the terms set out in this policy .
What information do we collect
In order to provide you with services , we may collect personal information about you from our website , telephone conversations , emails and written and verbal communications .
We may , for example , keep a record of your name , address , delivery address , email address , telephone number and credit card details .
We may also record details of any disability or health needs you may have at the time of booking an event or service which will take place at the stadium or any of our other premises to help to ensure your safety .
We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners .
How will we use your information
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded , used , and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy .
We will primarily use your personal information to provide our products and services to you and , for example :
- to administer and provide products and services you request
- to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable
- for fraud screening and prevention purposes ( see below for further details )
- for record keeping purposes
- to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer
- to track activity on our website
- to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences and to calculate the level of any loyalty reward due to you
Disclosure of your information
In order to provide our products and services to you , we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf .
These will include , for example , delivery organisations , fraud screening companies ( see below ) and mailing houses .
In these circumstances , we will ensure that your information is properly protected .
Fraud Prevention and Screening
In order to combat credit and debit card ( payment card ) fraud , MU uses 3rd Man Limited to provide payment card fraud screening services .
In order to do this , MU provide 3rd Man with details of all transactions where made using a payment card .
This information includes :
- name , address and contact details of the purchaser ;
- details of products/services purchased ; and
- financial/payment details ( including credit card details ) .
3rd Man will then analyse and ( if applicable ) match this data with details of other transactions provided to it by other retailers/service providers in order to assess if there is a fraud risk associated with the purchase .
On completion of this analysis , 3rd Man will provide MU with a risk assessment for that particular purchase and we may cancel any transaction if we reasonably consider that it presents a fraud risk to MU .
In such circumstances , MU will act in good faith in attempting to contact any purchaser of goods or services to allow them the opportunity to pay using cleared funds .
If you have any further queries as to the details of this service , please contact us at the address set out below .
Please note that while the information disclosed to 3rd Man and the results of any assessment will not be directly disclosed to any other third party , they may be used by 3rd Man to make risk assessments on behalf of other customers .
Where we do provide 3rd Man with this information we will ensure that your information is properly protected .
MU commercial partner programme
Manchester United teams up with a selection of carefully chosen commercial partners , an up-to-date list of our partners is available by clicking here or from the address below .
Our commercial partner programme is designed to support the Club and also to bring customers , fans and website users a diverse range of MU associated and MU branded offers ( such as MU Finance offers ) at competitive prices .
MU and/or these commercial partners would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers available to you and about a range of other MU initiatives in a number of ways , including by post , telephone , text/picture/video message , digital television , fax or by email .
If you express an interest in an offer from one of our commercial partners , that partner may let us know .
This enables us to take your views and interests into account when choosing our commercial partners and developing the programme .
What to do if you do not want to receive details of offers
Please be assured , you are under no obligation to buy anything or to participate in any MU initiatives , however , if you prefer not to be contacted either by us or any of our commercial partners , you can opt out by clicking the relevant boxes on the screen upon which you provide information or by writing to us by mail or email ( see the section `` How to contact us '' below ) .
You can change your mind at any time .
Please note , if you do opt out of receiving information , we and/or our commercial partners will be unable to keep you informed of new services , products , events or special offers that may interest you and our ability to inform you of ticketing opportunities may be affected .
Use of your information outside the European Union
Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information are situated outside of the European Union .
In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your personal information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom .
If we do transfer your personal information to other territories , we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this privacy policy .
In common with many other website operators , we may use standard technology called 'cookies ' on this site .
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit .
For further , more detailed information on how we use cookies , please refer to our Cookie Policy .
We take the security of your personal information seriously .
When you submit your credit card details to us , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your information .
In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our paper based systems and computerised databases from loss and misuse , and only allow access to them when it is absolutely necessary to do so , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the personal information contained within them .
We may monitor or record telephone calls for security purposes and to improve the quality of services that we provide to you .
Changes to this privacy policy
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review .
From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies .
Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies .
Updating and correcting information
Please include your name , address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person .
We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes .
Your rights to access your personal information
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you .
We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make .
The current fee is 10.00 .
How to contact us
Telephone +44 ( 0 ) 161-868-8000
Mail Data Protection Officer , Manchester United Limited , Sir Matt Busby Way , Old Trafford , Manchester , M16 0RA
Fax +44 ( 0 ) 161-868-8818

We at Compare Infobase Limited & MapsOfIndia.com are committed to safeguarding your online privacy .
Please do read the following policy to understand how your private information will be treated while you make full use of our e-shopping or other offerings .
This policy may change from time to time so please come back to check periodically .
Compare Infobase Limited or its subsidiary MapsOfIndia.com may collect the information explained herein under .
What identifiable information is collected from me ?
MapsOfIndia.com may collect information in several ways from different parts of our network of Web sites .
MapsOfIndia.com may ask you for personal information at times , including , but not limited to , when you enter in a contest or promotion sponsored by MapsOfIndia.com and/or our other contracted partners ; when you browse for travel arrangements looking at the images on the site and when you report a problem with one of our sites or services .
MapsOfIndia.com occasionally may also ask site user to complete surveys that are use for internal research .
Wherever MapsOfIndia.com collects personal information an effort is made to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page .
What are cookies and how MapsOfIndia.com uses them ?
As combined part of offering and providing customised and personalised services , MapsOfIndia.com may use cookies to store and track your information .
A cookie is a miniscule amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server that may be stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Generally , we use cookies to :
Cache your personalised settings for items such as route language and default country location .
Determine whether you are using a public computer so that any MapsOfIndia.com settings changed while using a public computer do not affect the next user 's ability to use MapsOfIndia.com
Roughly Estimate our audience or browsers .
Each fresh browser trying to access MapsOfIndia.com may be given a cookie .
That maybe used to determine the extent of repeat usage by the user .
Assist us to track the number of visits to and business activities at the MapsOfIndia.com or MapsOfIndia.com store , and to track and process the items in your shopping basket .
Track your progress and number of entries or queries in some of our promotions , and contests .
When a Compare Infobase-hosted promotion uses cookies , the information written to the cookie may be used to track the entries , submissions made , and status in prize drawings list .
Measure certain specific traffic patterns to the site , track the areas of MapsOfIndia.com network of Web sites visited , track the Web site or geographical location through which you came to MapsOfIndia.com and your visiting patterns in average .
We use this research to understand our users ' visit habits and browsing preferences of if they are similar or different from one another so that we can make each visit by you on MapsOfIndia.com better then last one .
We may use this information to better the content , banners , and promotions that you and other users will be likely to see on our sites .
MapsOfIndia.com also collects geophysical IP addresses for system and server administration and to report visiting information to our advertisers .
Other advertising networks that may serve advertisings onto MapsOfIndia.com network may also use their own cookies .
MapsOfIndia.com and its advertisers may also use small pieces of code called ''web beacons '' or electronic images that are sometime called `` single-pixel GIF '' to collect anonymous and average advertising patterns , such as counting hits , browser type , time spent viewing a page , type of page views , promotion views , or advertising responses .
These `` web beacons '' may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our anonymous cookie policy .
MapsOfIndia.com does not allow access or sell other advertisers or their advertising networks , information collected from you .
Maps of India never stores your access credentials ( User-Name and Password ) of your social media accounts like Facebook , Twitter etc . on its servers .
Maps of India authenticates your requests using Oauth , under which you pass your access credentials directly on the respective social media sites Facebook , Twitter etc . thus limiting the possibility of any unauthorized use of your access credentials .
Who is collecting information ?
When you are visiting a MapsOfIndia.com site and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information for use by MapsOfIndia.com alone , unless it is specifically stated otherwise .
Some MapsOfIndia.com services may be offered in conjunction with a third partner .
In order to provide this service to you , it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner company .
In such cases you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer .
Where as if you do not want your data to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of such data by not using that particular service at all .
Sometime promotions that run on MapsOfIndia.com network sites may be sponsored by companies other than MapsOfIndia.com or may be co-sponsored by MapsOfIndia.com and another company .
Some or all data collected during such a promotion may be shared with the sponsor .
In the event of data being shared , you will be notified prior to the time of data collection or transfer .
So you can decide whether to participate in the promotion , if you do n't want your data to be shared .
Please be advised that MapsOfIndia.com advertisers or Web sites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you .
Such information practices of those Web sites linked to MapsOfIndia.com are expressly not covered by this privacy statement .
With who else MapsOfIndia.com will share my information ?
As a thumb rule , MapsOfIndia.com will not wilfully disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under extraneous circumstances , such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below .
Described herein under are some of the ways that your information may be shared or disclosed .
Sponsors & Business Partners : MapsOfIndia.com may disclose your personal information to business partners or sponsors , but this is specifically and expressly described to you at the time of data collection or prior to transferring the data .
Some or all data collected during a MapsOfIndia.com promotion may be shared with a sponsor .
If a part of personally identifying data about you will be shared , we will tell you before we collect or transfer the data .
During many promotions offers you may be requested for additional information from sponsors .
By requesting more information , you give MapsOfIndia.com permission to transfer your personal information to the sponsor so they can fulfil your request .
In majority of instances , only your email address will be shared .
Third Party Data & Data Comparisons : Under confidentiality agreements , MapsOfIndia.com may match user information with third party data .
Also , MapsOfIndia.com discloses patterned user statistics in order to describe our services to prospective partners , advertisers , and or other third parties , and for other lawful purposes .
Miscellaneous : MapsOfIndia.com may also disclose user information in such cases where we have reason to believe that disclosure of this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) Compare Infobase Limited 's or MapsOfIndia.com 's rights or property , other MapsOfIndia.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
MapsOfIndia.com may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law or law-enforcing agency requires it .
Do I have choices or controls regarding collection , use , and distribution of my identifiable information ?
Upon your express interest about receiving offers or information from MapsOfIndia.com and our partners under confidentiality , may occasionally send you e-mail or postal mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you and only if you indicated that you do not object to these offers .
Any time you can easily unsubscribe from MapsOfIndia.com 's mailing list and no longer receive such offers and mailings .
On some types of MapsOfIndia.com promotions , we will ask for your email address in order to update you on your score , entries , and status in prize drawings .
Your participation in these types of promotions , may automatically enlist you to receive promotion-related email .
Sometime these promotion-related emails may include targeted advertisements .
You also have choices with respect to cookies .
By modifying your browser preferences , you have the choice to accept all cookies , to be notified when a cookie is set , or to reject all cookies .
If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use some of MapsOfIndia.com services that require the use of cookies in order to participate .
MapsOfIndia.com as a policy does not sell or rent your information to anyone .
We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer .
You can choose not to use a particular service or not to participate in certain promotions or contests , if you do not wish to allow such data sharing .
How much protected is my personal financial information ?
To keep your personal financial information private is vital and important to us .
As with all personal information , MapsOfIndia.com will never rent or sell your personal financial information .
Your use of certain services or features , known to us , may help us to offer you better and more relevant content and advertisements .
Yet as with all personally identifiable information , we do not make this available to any third parties without your permission .
Please note that there may be places on the MapsOfIndia.com network of Web sites where you can transmit credit card information in order to complete a purchase transaction or for verification purposes .
Any time we ask for a credit card number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format .
We use best industry-standard , SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption technology .
This sophisticated encryption process ensures that prying eyes are unable to decode your personal data when it travels from your computer to ours .
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss , misuse , or alteration of information ?
It may not be a norm but the fact remains that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure always .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , MapsOfIndia.com can not ensure or warrant the total security of any information you transmit to us or for our online products purchase or services , and you do so at your own risk .
But once we receive your transmission , we strive and make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems .
What else should I know about my privacy ?
Do keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through email , on mailing lists or in chat areas - that information can be seen and collected and used by others .
In nutshell , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the other public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Finally , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any registration information .
Please be careful and responsible on your own whenever you 're online .
Is there any children 's privacy ?
Yes , the safety of children is very important to us .
Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to MapsOfIndia.com or to anyone online for that matter .
MapsOfIndia.com does not share personal information about users under the age of 13 with third parties under any circumstances unless there is a special situation and such information is requested by law enforcing agency and we do not sell or rent personal information about any of our users , regardless of their age .
In addition , MapsOfIndia.com will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 13 without first obtaining their parents ' permission .
MapsOfIndia.com is an information site and we encourage the children to use the same and as a policy we never display by way of direct or any third party agreement , any pornographic material .
Visit gis.mapsofworld.com - a portal on GIS information , industries and services .
Join Us | Site Map | Disclaimer | FAQs | Our Office Location | Surfing Agreement | Our Affiliates | Suggest a Map | Advertise with Us | Wallpapers | Greeting Cards | Screen Savers | Product Portfolio | Copyright & Terms of Use | Be Our Affiliate | Privacy Policy | Become Our Sponsor
Compare Infobase Limited.Compare Infobase Limited
( An ISO 9001:2008 Certified Company )
C-62 , Community Center , Janakpuri , New Delhi-58 ( India )
Tel : +91-11-25542045 , 41588013/14
You may contact between 08.00 to 20.00 hours IST
Fax : + 91-11-25547264 Mobile : +91 ( 0 ) 9910492371
USA No . - +1 ( 408 ) 351-3380
We accept online payments through : Master Card ICICI Visa

Personally Identifiable Information is information by which a person can be identified such as name , address , telephone number , SSN , e - mail ID and date of birth .
Should MOW ask you to provide Personally Identifiable Information when using this website , you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
MOW may change this policy from time to time by updating this page .
You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are comfortable with any changes .
This policy was last updated on August 7th 2013 .
MOW may collect Personally Identifiable Information
MOW may use 'cookies ' and 'web beacons ' to manage your status and verify your identity
MOW may collect geophysical IP Address/browser information/other technical information for system and server administration .
MOW may collect other information relevant to surveys and offers .
What does MOW do with the information collected
MOW requires this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service , and in particular for the following reasons :
To fulfill the services you have asked MOW to perform
For internal record keeping .
To improve MOW products and services .
MOW may periodically send promotional e - mail about new products , special offers or other information which MOW think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided .
However , you may unsubscribe yourself to such promotional e - mails through the link provided in every such e - mail itself .
From time to time , MOW may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes .
MOW may contact you by email , phone , fax or mail .
MOW may use the information to customize the website according to your interests .
With whom MOW shares the information
As a thumb rule , MOW will not willfully disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with any third party except under following conditions -
When Information is forwarded to Service Providers to fulfill the services you have asked MOW to perform .
When MOW is legally compelled to provide the information to the Law Enforcement Authorities or government regulatory or administrative or similar agency as part of a judicial or administrative proceeding to disclose the Information .
MOW is committed to ensure that your information is secure .
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure MOW has put in place suitable physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information MOW collects online .
While MOW strives to protect your personal information , MOW can not ensure or warrant total security of any information you transmit over the transmission medium .
MOW website may contain links to other websites or advertisements which drive you to another website .
However , once you have used these links to leave MOW website , you should note that MOW does not have any control over that other website .
Therefore , MOW can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites as such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy .
You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question .
MOW Website has contracted with third party vendors , including Google , who use cookies to serve ads based on a User 's prior visits to MOW .
Google 's use of Double Click cookie enables it and its partners to server ads Users based on their visits to MOW .
Users may opt out of the use of Double Click cookie for internet based advertising by visiting the Ads Preference Manager .
This site has contracted with Travel Ad Network and its third party ad-serving technology provider Atlas , a Microsoft Corporation Subsidiary , to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website statistics , advertisement 'click-throughs ' , advertisement impressions , and/or other activities on our website .
Where authorized by us , Travel Ad Network may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors .
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the Advertiser .
For more information about how the information is collected and used by Travel Ad Network , please see Travel Ad Network 's privacy policy

How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
How To Access , Correct Or Update Your Information
Contact Us About Privacy
The Dow Jones Privacy Policy
Effective October 26 , 2013
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( `` Dow Jones '' , `` us '' or `` we '' ) want you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites , mobile sites , applications ( `` apps '' ) , electronic newsletters and widgets ( collectively the `` Dow Jones Online Services '' ) that link to this Privacy Policy .
If there is a conflict between this Policy and a Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement , the Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement will take precedence .
This Policy describes Dow Jones 's collection and use of users ' Personal Information .
It also describes generally Dow Jones 's practices for handling Other Information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) collected through our Dow Jones Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device , user or user account .
As described more fully below , we share information with our affiliated companies ( `` Dow Jones Affiliates '' ) for the purposes described in this privacy policy .
A list of Dow Jones Affiliates is available here .
By using the Dow Jones Online Services or by providing personal information to us , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
The Dow Jones Online Services are a network of general audience sites , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 years of age .
Dow Jones and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you :
`` Personal Information '' is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , credit or debit card number , profile picture , or social media account ID .
Personal Information from You
We collect Personal Information when , for example , you register for or subscribe to certain products or services , create a profile , participate in a sweepstakes , contest or game , take a survey , visit our Dow Jones Online Services , use an interactive feature ( such as Chat or Email This ) , or participate in a community forum .
Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties , such as social media services , commercially available sources , Dow Jones Affiliates , business partners , and , if applicable to you , the third party provider of your subscription .
The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include , for example , your name , contact information , information about your transactions , purchase history , or relationships with various product and service providers , and your use of certain applications .
For example , if you access a Dow Jones Online Service through a social media service or connect a Dow Jones Online Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends list , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service .
When you access the Dow Jones Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Dow Jones Online Service to social media services , you are authorizing Dow Jones to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
`` Other Information '' is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as browser information , app usage data , information collected through cookies and other technologies , demographic information , and aggregated information .
Other Information You Submit
We collect Other Information when you submit it to us .
It may include your gender , zip code , birthday , education , occupation , financial information ( such as your income , investments , portfolio transactions and value , and other information ) , and interests .
Other Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Other Information about you from third parties , including , for example , demographic data , information about your interests , and information about your activities on other websites
Other Information We Collect Automatically When You are Online
When you access and interact with our Dow Jones Online Services , we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Dow Jones Online Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , potentially including your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Dow Jones Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( `` UDID '' ) , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device .
Dow Jones and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) when you visit or use the Dow Jones Online Services .
Third parties that support the Dow Jones Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as providing users with the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , customizing content based on usage , or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect Other Information .
Please see the Dow Jones Cookie Policy here for more information about our use of these technologies .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our Dow Jones Online Services .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below .
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law , then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information , and when we do , we treat the combined information as Personal Information .
To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content , products and offers tailored to you , we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Dow Jones products , services and websites .
In addition , we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from Dow Jones Affiliates or business partners .
To provide and manage our services .
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products and services and features to you , including : to process and fulfill your subscription , to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us , to measure and improve those services and features , to allow you to comment on content and participate in online games , contests , promotions or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , including online chats , and to respond to inquiries .
Some Online Services use the information we collect in site-specific ways .
To provide you access through DJX .
Some enterprise users have access to DJX , which allows you to sign into several Dow Jones websites with the same user ID .
If you are a DJX enterprise user who previously subscribed to one or more products in the DJX suite , we may use Personal Information you provided to transition your account to a DJX subscription .
If you are a new DJX enterprise subscriber , your account will be set up with a DJX user ID .
Please note that all subsidiaries of Dow Jones & Company , Inc. that provide products and services included in DJX will use your Personal Information to provide those products and services .
To provide you access to Collaboration Tools .
Some of our Online Services contain `` Collaboration Tools '' that allow you to share content and communicate with other users .
If you choose to use the Collaboration Tools , some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these Collaboration Tools .
To deliver relevant content and recommendations .
To make your experience more interesting and personalized , we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Dow Jones Online Services .
For example , if you use WSJ.com and Factiva.com , we may use your WSJ.com reading history to personalize the content delivered to you on Factiva.com .
To deliver relevant online advertising .
The Dow Jones Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you ( in certain cases , such as with respect to financial information , only with your express permission ) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the Dow Jones Online Services or another service provided by Dow Jones , Dow Jones Affiliates , or unaffiliated third parties .
( See Information We Collect , above , for details on the types of information we may use . )
As noted above , we may work with third party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you .
Information about your activities on our Dow Jones Online Services and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests .
To allow social sharing functionality .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Dow Jones Online Services and your social media service .
To contact you .
Dow Jones and Dow Jones Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and services .
To help make these promotional materials more relevant to you , we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you promotional materials .
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from us , you can change your account setting through the appropriate link on the website account services page or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of , such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to Dow Jones products and services or policies .
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app .
We may also use your information to respond to inquiries or requests you make to us .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others .
Dow Jones may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings
Certain features on the Dow Jones Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others .
These may include the Collaboration Tools , community forums , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles .
When you use these features , you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , user name , location , email address , profile information , picture , likes , status , and comments , including any political or religious or other beliefs you express , may be publicly available to anyone , including other users , search engines , advertisers , third party application developers , and anyone else with access to the Dow Jones Online Services .
We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features .
Our Disclosure of Information
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another , as well as with Dow Jones Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including for each company 's marketing purposes .
Please see the Introduction for more information about the companies that make up the Dow Jones subsidiaries and Dow Jones Affiliates .
Users who visit Dow Jones Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
In addition , we may share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy .
We share your Personal Information :
To manage corporate , third-party , and student subscriptions .
If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription .
If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use .
When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your Personal Information such as your name or email address .
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our services .
We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide our products and services by , for example : developing or supporting products and features ; sending email messages on our behalf ; processing payments ; fulfilling orders ; delivering subscriptions ; auditing ; processing data or statistics ; and serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads .
These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us .
To provide co-branded services and features .
We may offer co-branded services or features , such as conferences , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( `` Co-Branded Services '' ) .
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Dow Jones Online Services or on the third party 's service .
By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party .
The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
To permit unaffiliated third parties to send you promotional materials.If you subscribe to the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal or Barron 's print publications , we may share your contact information with unaffiliated companies whose products and services may be of interest to you .
While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please contact Customer Service as described below in How to Access , Correct or Update Your Information .
If you sign up to receive a Special Offer on the MarketWatch.com Service , Dow Jones will forward your request along with your email and Special Offer delivery information , to the company making the relevant Special Offer so that it can contact you directly .
Once your information is provided to another company pursuant to your request it is not governed by this Privacy Policy .
If you subscribe solely to any other Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for such parties ' own marketing purposes if you have given us permission to do so .
To allow social sharing functionality.If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Dow Jones Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your Dow Jones Online Services account and your social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Dow Jones Online Services account , and do not participate in social sharing on the Dow Jones Online Services .
To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others.There may be instances when Dow Jones may disclose your Personal Information , including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence .
To complete a merger or sale of assets.If Dow Jones sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Dow Jones may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Dow Jones uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting Customer Service in accordance with the instructions below .
HOW TO ACCESS , CORRECT OR UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
You can access or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting Customer Service , as indicated below .
Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites .
Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you may need to update your information for each separately .
Here are links to pages where subscribers and registered users may update their personal profile information and marketing preferences :
Wall Street Journal Customer Center
Wall Street Journal Email Setup
Barron 's Customer Center
DJX - Factiva Customer Support
Local contact information for The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's is also available in the Contact Directory .
Local contact information for corporate enterprise products is available on the Customer Support site .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please write to us at :
Dow Jones & Company
Attn : DM Disclosure Manager
Chicopee , MA 01020
and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond .
Updates to Privacy Policy .
Dow Jones may modify this Privacy Policy .
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Dow Jones Online Services .
Your use of the Dow Jones Online Services or your provision of personal information to use following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
Location of Data .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our products and services , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service .
In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) .
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage .
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy .
We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service .
The Dow Jones Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games or applications developed and maintained by third parties .
Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Dow Jones logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us .
A portion of The Wall Street Journal Archive is hosted by an unrelated company - ProQuest - through its ProQuest Archiver service , and all article purchases are processed by ProQuest .
ProQuest collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , and makes your information available to us .
We will treat all information that ProQuest provides about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Portfolio feature is provided by a third party , LikeAssets .
LikeAssets collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , which is separate from this one .
Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Dow Jones Online Services or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service .
We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g . social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) when contacting us .

Privacy Statement - United States
Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton have a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers and visitors of our Web sites , including respecting your concerns about privacy .
We understand that you may have questions about how we collect and use the information that you provide to us .
We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern our use of information we obtain from our customers , including information we obtain through this Web site , including Marriott.com , The Ritz-Carlton and other Marriott sites included within Marriott.com , which are listed in this privacy statement ( `` Statement '' ) .
This Statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns .
We have organized the Statement by major processes and areas so that you can quickly link to the information of most interest to you .
At Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton , meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do -- including protecting your privacy .
Canada ( English )
Canada ( Francais )
United States ( Espanol )
United States ( English )
Marriott International , Inc .
Attn : Information Protection and Privacy Dept . 52/995.63
Bethesda , MD 20817
United States of America
The Ritz Carlton Hotel Company , L.L.C .
Attn : Information Protection & Privacy
4445 Willard Avenue , Suite 800
Chevy Chase , Maryland 20815
This Statement was last updated on November 18 , 2011 , to describe the how the privacy statement applies to all of the information we obtain from you and to update the privacy statement with respect to Marriott 's Authorized Licensees , franchisees and certain other commercial partners set out below .
This Web site does not collect personally identifiable information when you browse this Web site and request pages from our servers unless you provide it to us .
This means that we will not know your name , your email address , or any other personally identifiable information just because you browse the Web site unless you :
access the Web site from a link in an email that we sent ;
are a Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards member or have created a profile and you either log-in to your account or choose to be remembered via your cookie , including on your web-enabled mobile device .
In these cases we will know who you are based on the information you previously supplied to us .
When you request a page from our Web site , our servers log the information provided in the HTTP request header including the IP number , the time of the request , the URL of your request and other information that is provided in the HTTP header .
We collect the HTTP request header information in order to make our Web sites function correctly and provide you the functionality that you see on this Web site .
We also use this information to personalize content presented to you , better understand how visitors use our Web site and how we can better tune it , its contents , and functionality to meet your needs .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
When we need to collect personally identifiable information from you to provide you with a particular service , we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need .
For example , if you would like to make a reservation at one of our hotels , we will ask you for information such as name , address , telephone number , email address , credit card number , Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards number ( if applicable ) and room preference to process your reservation .
We will use your email address to send a confirmation and , if necessary , might use the other information to contact you for help in processing the reservation .
We will also use your contact information to :
send you a pre-arrival message summarizing your confirmation details and providing other information about the area and the hotel ;
notify you about special offers and promotions as described in this privacy statement ; as well as
send you periodic satisfaction or market research surveys .
You can opt out of marketing communications at any time .
You can also opt out of Marriott research surveys .
The same types of information would be requested to complete a gift certificate purchase , register for a Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards promotion , enter a sweepstakes or online game , to enroll in the Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards program or to redeem Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards points .
On occasion , we use third parties to provide us with additional contact information about you given the information you provided to us directly .
For example , if we know your name and postal address , we may use a third party to provide us with your email address .
We would then use this information for market analysis and marketing purposes .
Occasionally , you may be requested to provide personally identifiable information about others to us ( for example , the name , address and contact details of your travel companion ) .
In such cases , we rely on you to obtain that other persons ' consent for disclosing their information to us and inform that other persons about us , how we will use the information and our contact details for any queries .
This Web site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information from children .
We do present information regarding The Marriott Kids program on this site for the reference of adults that are interested in activities at our locations for children .
The personally identifiable information you provide to us for making a reservation is made available to the applicable hotel for the purpose of meeting your reservation request .
After making a reservation or completing your stay at a Marriott or Ritz-Carlton hotel , unless you tell us otherwise , the information you provide will be used by us and our Authorized Licensees for marketing of Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Hotel hotels and certain other Marriott-branded products .
Marriott and Ritz-Carlton may use the services of third-party mail houses for the sole purpose of mailing materials .
After your stay we retain your personally identifiable information including details of your stay , room type and accommodation type .
To assist you in quickly accessing the information you want on this Web site , we use third party software to proactively initiate or offer online chat if it appears that you are having difficulties navigating the Web site , if we believe you would benefit from assistance to help direct you to the desired content quicker or to make you aware of other information or offers relevant to your search .
It is your choice to use the online chat feature or to close the chat window .
If you choose to use the online chat feature , the person that will chat with you may access your Marriott Rewards or Ritz-Carlton information and your past stay and chat history , if applicable .
All information you enter via online chat may be associated to your email address and will be stored in our systems with any other information you provide and any transaction details .
Accessing Marriott.com from a Web-enabled Mobile Device
Currently applies to Marriott.com website only .
You can access Marriott.com from a web-enabled mobile device to find a hotel ( including clicking to call the hotel ) or view or cancel a reservation .
In addition , you can download an application to your BlackBerry or iPhone to provide additional functionality as described below .
If you desire to view or cancel a reservation you will be required to enter your Marriott Rewards account user name and password , or Marriott confirmation number and last name .
No other personally identifiable information will be requested .
In addition , you can make a reservation from a web-enabled device .
When you make a reservation you will need to provide certain personally identifiable information such as name , email address and credit card information .
You may also enroll in the Marriott Rewards program from a web-enabled device .
When enrolling in Marriott Rewards you will be required to provide certain personally identifiable information such as name , email address and point earning preference .
If you have downloaded the application to your device such as a BlackBerry or iPhone you can take advantage of finding a hotel near you that is provided via Global Positioning System ( GPS ) technology .
No personally identifiable information is retained to deliver this service .
In addition , these applications will allow you to select one touch authentication if you would like to have your Marriott Rewards number and password remembered so that you do not need to enter them every time when you are using these devices to access Marriott.com .
These functions are only available from the downloaded BlackBerry and iPhone application .
Updating Your Marriott and/or Ritz-Carlton Rewards Account Information
You can access and review , update , or deactivate your Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards information online .
If you deactivate your account , all information not already required and stored as a condition of membership will be deleted .
Please note that Marriott or Ritz-Carlton will never send you an email requesting your password , credit card number or social security number .
If you receive an email that looks like it 's from Marriott , but asks you for your credit card number or social security number , it 's a fraudulent email , or `` phish . ''
We recommend that you do the following :
The FTC uses the spam stored in this database to pursue law enforcement actions against people who send deceptive email .
Delete the email .
If you believe `` phishers '' have gotten access to your personal or financial information , we recommend that you also do the following :
Change your password .
Contact credit reporting services ( such as Experian , Callcredit and Equifax ) and have a fraud alert attached to your credit report file .
Please be aware that the perpetrator may attempt to use your information to establish accounts or obtain credit at other businesses in their name .
Learn more about fraudulent email or `` phish '' and how to protect your personal information
Marriott Rewards Communications and Use of Member Information
Communications of relevant information is important to administering the Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards program and providing you the opportunity to maximize the benefits of membership
We will only disclose member and customer information within the Marriott Group ( defined below ) , to person ( s ) authorized by you , to Marriott 's Authorized Licensees ( defined below ) , to other third parties set out in this policy and to Marriott 's franchisees and property owners .
Customer information and member rewards information will be used for the following purposes
Rewards Members Only :
1 ) in order to better service your account and preferences by keeping you informed of your account status and activities through printed or electronic statements ;
2 ) to assess your entitlement to benefits ;
3 ) to collect and process charges incurred by you in Marriott facilities ;
4 ) to offer you additional products and services ;
5 ) to provide packaged travel services and/or arrangements , such as airline tickets or rental cars
6 ) to administer the Marriott Rewards Credit Card .
Based on your choices regarding how you wish to earn points ( e.g. , participating airlines and other company loyalty programs ) , we do need to transmit certain transaction information to these companies so that your point and transaction activity is accurately recorded ; and
7 ) to offer Marriott- or Ritz-Carlton-branded products or services provided by Marriott third-party partners .
8 ) to send you Offers and Promotions from Marriott and its Affiliates and Authorized Licensees concerning any Marriott and Ritz-Carlton branded offers and promotions which we believe will be of interest to you including those related to the Marriott Vacation Club , Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Real Estate and the Marriott Rewards Credit Card ( see further below ) ; and
9 ) send periodic satisfaction or market research surveys .
Marketing communications may be via telephone , post and where applicable also by e-mail and text message .
Creating an Online Password for Your Marriott Rewards Accou
At your choice , you can create a password for your Marriott Rewards and Ritz Carlton Rewards account in order to view your information and manage your account online .
You will be required to provide your name , email address , account number , a desired user name , desired password , and password reminder .
Once you have an online Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards account , you may review , correct , or delete information online .
If you do not have online access to your account please notify your local Marriott Rewards Guest Services or Ritz-Carlton Guest Services office in writing to review , correct or delete information pertaining to your membership ( there may be a charge as permitted by law ) , or to indicate your communication preferences .
Marriott Rewards/Chase Card Services Visa Card
Available to Marriott Rewards members only :
The Marriott Rewards Credit Card provides you with a means to earn Marriott Rewards points faster .
If you chose to apply for a Marriott Rewards Credit Card you will link from this Web site to the credit card issuer 's Web site and will be required to enter certain personally identifiable information as part of the credit application process .
You can refer to the credit card issuer 's privacy statement posted on their Web site to understand how the information you supply will be used .
All terms and conditions of being a cardholder are dictated by the issuer of the card .
Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information
We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information ; it is , accordingly , subject to our company 's security procedures and policies regarding protection and use of confidential information .
When we ask you for credit card data , it is transferred over a Secured Sockets Layer ( SSL ) line , provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox .
We also use SSL on other pages where you would enter personally identifiable information .
This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet .
This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer or web-enabled device .
You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position .
After information reaches Marriott and/or Ritz-Carlton , it is stored on a secure server that resides behind firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside of Marriott .
Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country , our hotels or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements .
Information collected on the Web sites covered by this privacy statement is generally processed and stored in the United States .
To provide you with a single source for purchasing packages that include other travel-related services such as airline tickets or rental cars , we have entered into agreements with select reputable third-party companies that aggregate inventory information from suppliers such as airlines and car rental companies or companies licensed to sell Marriott- or Ritz-Carlton-branded products .
If you desire to purchase a package that is facilitated through Marriott.com or Ritzcarlton.com you will be linked to a Marriott/Ritz-Carlton-branded Web site that is hosted by the company .
If you choose to purchase a package or Marriott- or Ritz-Carlton-branded vacation , it is necessary for you to provide personally identifiable information to execute the purchase .
This information is then provided to the suppliers ( e.g. , airlines ) for the purpose of fulfilling your order .
We have entered into contracts with these third-party companies requiring that they secure your personally identifiable information as well as use it only to execute the transactions you request or to market Marriott- or Ritz-Carlton-branded vacation products .
The same security and privacy commitments have been obtained from the suppliers .
However , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you have supplied directly to a supplier in any manner , in the past or in the future , is controlled by that supplier and is subject to their privacy statement and practices , for which Marriott has no responsibility .
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
In addition to the travel-related services and required information sharing described directly above , Marriott and Ritz-Carlton does use the services of third party processors , such as market researchers , fulfillment houses , email service providers and mail houses that process mail for the Marriott Group , Marriott 's Authorized Licensees , persons authorized by you , and Marriott franchisees as well as such entities and marketing companies that provide these services for the Marriott Group , Marriott 's Authorized Licensees and Marriott franchisees .
These parties are contractually prohibited from using personally identifiable information for any purpose other than for the purpose Marriott specifies .
We do provide non-personally identifiable information to certain service providers for their use on an aggregated basis for the purpose of performing their contractual obligations to us .
Except as described in this paragraph and the sections above titled `` Marriott Rewards Communications and Use of Customer Information '' and `` Travel Related Services '' we do not permit the sale or transfer of personally identifiable information to entities outside of the Marriott family of companies , franchisees , Authorized Licensees and hotels and our third party service providers for any non-Marriott use without your approval .
See our list of Third Party Vendors
Ritz-Carlton - Gold Standard Service
As part our commitment to Gold Standard service at our Ritz-Carlton branded properties our staff members occasionally record details of guest preferences and other personal information about our guests in order to provide a more personalized experience on future visits .
This might include your meal or pillow preferences , anniversary dates or other things that make your stay more comfortable .
This information is made available to our other properties around the world .
If you wish to opt out of this program or have any preferences you would like us to make note of please let us know at any time .
Our Website uses `` cookie '' technology .
`` Cookies '' are encrypted strings of text that a Web site stores on a user 's computer .
Our Web site requires the use of a Cookie throughout the online reservation process .
Without Cookies we will not be able to keep information you enter on multiple pages together .
For example , unless Marriott.com and Ritzcarlton.com can remember the dates you used in your hotel search , we will not be able to check room availability .
Cookies also enable us to customize our Web site and offerings to your needs and provide you with a better online experience on Marriott.com and Ritzcarlton.com .
In addition , Cookies are used to :
Allow registered users to sign in without typing their email/Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Rewards number each time ;
Measure usage of various pages on our Web site to help us make our information more pertinent to your needs and easy for you to access ; and
Provide functionality such as online reservations , Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards transactions , and other functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you
The types of Cookies that we use are referred to as `` session '' Cookies and `` persistent '' Cookies .
Session Cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once you close your internet browser .
Persistent Cookies remain on your computer hard drive until you delete them or are otherwise removed upon expiration .
We do not use Cookies to ascertain any personally identifiable information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us in your dealings with Marriott or Ritz-Carlton .
Cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer , programs , or computer files .
Third Party Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our Web site and sites upon which we advertise .
This technology uses information about your visits to this Web site and the sites upon which we advertise , ( not including your name , address , or other personally identifiable information ) , to serve our ads to you .
In the course of serving our advertisements to you , a unique third-party persistent Cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser .
In addition , we use beacon gifs ( see description below ) , provided by our ad-serving providers , to help manage our online advertising .
These beacon gifs enable our ad server to recognize a browser 's Cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site and whether a reservation on Marriott.com is executed .
The information our ad-serving providers and we collect through this technology is not personally identifiable but is used to create a profile which allows the ad-serving provider to serve adverts which are targeted towards you and your interests across the ad-serving network .
You may set your browser to block Cookies ( consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this ) , although doing so to block Marriott cookies will adversely affect your ability to perform certain transactions , use certain functionality , and access certain content on our Web site .
Marriott , Ritz-Carlton and its third-party service providers use pixel tags ( also known as `` clear gifs '' `` beacon gifs '' etc . ) .
Pixel tags are not visible to the user of the Web site and consist of a few lines of computer coding delivered with the Web page .
Pixel tags are not used to collect any personally identifiable information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us in your dealings with Marriott and Ritz-Carlton .
Marriott , Ritz-Carlton and our email service provider use pixel tags to :
Track customer response to Marriott and Ritz-Carlton advertisements and Web site content ;
Determine your ability to receive HTML-based email messages .
Our email service provider includes a pixel tag , which they refer to as a `` coded sensor '' in all of the HTML-based messages sent on our behalf .
The sensor activates when the email message is opened and flags the email address of the user as one that is capable of receiving HTML-based email messages .
This capability helps our service provider to send the email in a format you can read .
The sensor does not collect or use any other information .
If you can not receive HTML , you will not receive a functioning sensor ;
Know how many users open an email and allow our service provider to compile aggregated statistics about an email campaign for us ; and
Allow us to better target interactive advertising , enhance customer support and site usability , and provide offers and promotions that we believe would be of interest to you .
Emails about Special Offers and Promotions and Opt-Out
It is our intention is that you should only receive email communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive .
When you join Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Rewards , make a reservation , or request a copy of your hotel bill via email and provide your email address , we will periodically contact you via email and provide information about Marriott and/or Ritz-Carlton special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you ( unless you opt out ) .
We will also give you the opportunity to receive Offers and Promotions from Marriott , its Affiliates and Authorized Licensees concerning other Marriott and Ritz-Carlton branded offers and promotions that we believe would be of interest to you including those relating to the Marriott Vacation Club , Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Real Estate and the Marriott Credit Card .
We typically use third party email service providers to send emails .
These service providers are contractually prohibited from using your email address for any purpose other than to send Marriott or Ritz-Carlton related email .
We provide you the ability to define and modify your mailing preferences online at anytime including unsubscribe from all marketing communications .
We maintain two email programs .
You may select or modify your mailing preferences online at any time , including the option to unsubscribe from all marketing communications .
You can unsubscribe from any of our email programs by visiting the unsubscribe page for either Marriott or The Ritz-Carlton .
In addition , every time you receive an email , you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future emails by following the instructions provided in the email .
You may also opt-out online of Marriott Rewards and The Ritz-Carlton Rewards emails online by updating your Rewards account , or sending a letter to Internet Customer Care - Unsubscribe , 1818 North 90 Street , Omaha , Nebraska 68114-1315 USA .
Please allow 10 business days for us to process your opt-out .
If you choose to participate in the in the eFolio program ( `` Program '' ) you will receive hotel bills by email ( `` eFolio '' ) .
The eFolio will be sent to you over the Internet in an unsecured ( unencrypted ) manner and could be subject to interception by third parties .
If you are an employee of a company that participates in Marriott 's eFolio Program and you enroll in the program and then use the corporate credit card that is provided to you by your employer to pay for your hotel expenses ( hotel folio ) at a Marriott property located in the United States , Canada , Mexico , Puerto Rico or Aruba , an extract of your hotel folio detailing the goods and services provided to you during your hotel stay ( as an individual traveler , or as part of a group , meeting or event ) will be transferred electronically to the credit card company or its agents , who will in turn , forward that extract to your employer to facilitate the processing and tracking of the travel related expenses of their employees .
Additionally , please be advised that your Marriott/Ritz-Carlton Rewards number , as entered on your reservation , acts as the eFolio identifier , prompting your bill to be transmitted to your email address of record .
If your Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards number is applied to another person 's room reservation , or if you make a reservation for another person and provide your email address for that reservation that person 's bill will be transmitted to your email address as well .
It is your responsibility to inform that person that their bill will be emailed to you when your Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards number or email address is attached to his/her reservation unless he/she makes alternative arrangements with a front desk associate during the stay .
If you would like to submit a request for proposal online or order a complimentary copy of our Meeting Planner brochure you will be required to provide certain personally identifiable information .
All personally identifiable information you provide such as name , mailing address , email address and telephone number will be transmitted to Marriott as an email via the Internet and is not encrypted .
Personally identifiable information you provide to us will be treated as confidential information and is subject to our company 's security procedures and policies regarding protection and use of confidential information .
Marriott will not use this information for any other purposes .
Marriott Vacation Club ( MVC ) is a separate business operated by Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation that uses the Marriott brand under license .
As set out in this Privacy Statement Marriott may share your personality identifiable information with MVC for the purpose of allowing MVC to market its products and services to you and provide you with exciting offers and promotions .
We do not own or control Marriott Vacation Worldwide .
If you e-mail us to ask not to receive further marketing communications then MVC will also cease sending you marketing communications .
Ritz-Carlton is pleased to present luxury residences in various locations .
In addition , we also offer fractional ownership interests in a variety of resorts .
As set out in this Privacy Statement , Marriott and its Authorized Licensees may use customer 's personality identifiable information for the purpose of marketing Marriott and Ritz-Carlton 's luxury residences and fractional ownership interests .
If you decide to purchase either a residence or fractional ownership interest you will be provided a specific disclosure around the personally identifiable information required to complete the transaction and the uses and protection of that information .
Sweepstakes and Online Games
On occasion , we conduct sweepstakes and online games that entitle the winners to prizes .
Each sweepstakes or online game has it own terms and conditions .
Some sweepstakes and online games require you to choose to enter and for others you will be entered automatically if certain elements described in the sweepstakes or online games terms and conditions are met ( e.g. , making a reservation with a certain credit card ) .
You will be informed before a transaction is executed if it will result in an automatic entry into the sweepstakes .
As part of entering a sweepstakes or online games certain personally identifiable information such as name and email address will be required .
We may use this information to send future communications about specials and offers .
As stated in the email section of this privacy statement , every time you receive a marketing email you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future marketing emails by following the instructions provided in the email .
Applies to the Marriott.com website .
Marriott uses select private label databases and tools hosted by third parties on their Web sites to collect information from individuals that wish to be considered for potential employment .
Information you provide to us via these private label services is accessible and confidential to Marriott .
By submitting your application and providing this information , you understand and agree that the information that you provide will be transferred to the United States and may also be transferred to additional countries , other than your country of origin , for consideration for employment .
Marriott will not use the information you provide for any purpose other than to allow you to conduct automated job searches or determine your qualifications for potential employment with Marriott .
The third-party service providers located in the United States or United Kingdom are prohibited from using the information you provide for any purpose other than collecting it on our behalf .
At your choice , you can use this Web site to opt-in to email communications such as notices of upcoming events .
All personally identifiable information you provide such as email address will be transmitted to Marriott Investor Relations as an email via the Internet and is not encrypted .
Personally identifiable information you provide to us will be treated as confidential information and is subject to our company 's security procedures and policies regarding protection and use of confidential information .
Marriott will not use this information for any other purposes .
Marriott is only responsible for the privacy statement and content of this Web site and information we collect .
We are not responsible for the data collection and use practices and privacy policy or the use of cookies on Web sites that you have accessed this Web site from and to the non-Marriott Web sites that you may access from this Web site .
This is a United States Web site and is subject to laws of the United States and the State of Maryland .
Marriott and Ritz-Carlton will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law , or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Marriott and Ritz-Carlton guests , visitors , associates , or property ( including this site ) , or to others .
As mentioned previously , laws related to personally identifiable information vary by country .
If you are a customer who resides in the State of California , you have the right to request from Marriott a list of third parties with whom we shared personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year .
Although Marriott/Ritz-Carlton does not share personally identifiable information with unrelated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes , many of our hotels , which are separately owned and operated by franchisees of Marriott , are permitted to use the personally identifiable information they receive from Marriott to market the Marriott hotels that they franchise .
In relation to personal data collected out of our Ritz-Carlton property in Dubai International Financial Centre please note that this personal data may be transferred to our other properties in the United Arab Emirates and other jurisdictions which may not be regarded as adequately protecting personal data .
When you check in at this property you expressly consent to such transfer .
Other Marriott Sites Within Marriott.com
Within Marriott.com are numerous other Marriott Web sites that are accessible from links within Marriott.com or via separate URLs .
Namely , these Web sites are : marriottrewards.com , jwmarriotthotels.com , fairfieldinn.com , marriotthotels.com , renaissancehotels.com , residenceinn.com , springhillsuites.com , towneplace.com , towneplacesuites.com , conferencecenters.com , courtyard.com , marriottfoundation.org , careers.marriott.com , marriottnewsroom.com , marriott.com/investor and executiveresidences.com , editionhotels.com autographhotelcollection.com and ritzcarlton.com

Last Updated NOVEMBER 18 , 2013
This Privacy Policy ( the Policy ) describes your privacy rights in connection with information collected , used , stored , or shared by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , Inc .
( `` MSO , '' `` us , '' `` our , '' or `` we '' ) and our related sites , applications , services , and/or tools , whether accessed via Internet , mobile , or other device or through applications and sites affiliated with MSO products ( collectively , the Online Services ) .
By using the Online Services or registering for an account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Policy .
What types of information do we collect
MSO collects two types of information about users of Online Services : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information and ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual , including , but not limited to , name , postal address , telephone number , or email address .
Personally Identifiable Information is collected in the following ways .
You may choose to register as a member of our websites ( Member ) .
By becoming a Member you may participate in certain activities on our websites and enjoy special benefits offered only to Members .
To become a Member , you are required to sign in by providing your name and email address .
You will also be asked to create a password .
Alternatively , you may register to become a Member using one of your existing social media accounts , such as Facebook or Twitter .
If you become a Member using your existing social media account , your social media provider may provide us with access to any Personally Identifiable Information on file with that social media provider and associated with your account in accordance with the provider 's terms and conditions .
We may use any Personally Identifiable Information collected through these social media accounts in the same manner we use any Personally Identifiable Information that you provide directly to us .
Upon registering with your existing social media account , if you elect to share information you provide to us with the social media provider , we will share information with it in accordance with your election .
The terms and conditions of the social media provider will apply to the information we disclose to it .
Sweepstakes , Surveys , and Other Promotions
You may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information in connection with sweepstakes , contests , raffles , games , and similar promotions held on our Online Services , as well as in connection with completing surveys and other similar activities on our websites .
We may offer the ability to purchase certain goods , merchandise , or services through our Online Services .
In connection with these purchases , you may be asked to provide your shipping and/or delivery ( if different from the postal address ) addresses , telephone number , and credit card information .
Members may also participate in interactive services provided through our Online Services , which allow Members to share comments , ideas , and thoughts about various topics .
Interactive Services are any actions you take using our Online Services that are viewable to other Members and visitors .
These actions include , but are not limited to , creating a user profile , commenting , rating , personalizing URLs , and participating in Q & A Hours .
Use of any Interactive Service is governed by our Terms of Use .
Users of these services should be mindful that any information they post or disclose will become public information and will be available to other participating Members , users , and visitors of our Online Services .
Accordingly , if you choose to participate in any Interactive Services , please use discretion .
MSO is not responsible for any information , personal or otherwise , that you submit through these services and does not have any responsibility to publish , take down , remove , or edit any of your information or activities or any of your submissions that are made public through your use of the Interactive Services .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not reveal your identity but may be used by us and shared with third parties .
It includes information such as Aggregate Information and technical data .
Described below are types of Non-Personally Identifiable Information and the technologies used to collect such information .
We constantly seek to make improvements to our Online Services .
As part of these efforts , we collect and analyze certain `` Aggregate Information '' about how visitors use our websites .
Aggregate Information is any information that does not allow us to identify a specific individual and includes data such as demographic information , purchase categories ( e.g. , home furnishings ) , or the particular browser a visitor uses .
If you become a Member via an existing social media account , such as Facebook or Twitter , we may collect and use various types of Aggregate Information , technical data , and other profile information affiliated with your social media account and on file with that social media provider .
Please note that certain Aggregate Information may be linked with Personally Identifiable Information .
Any such linked information will be treated as Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes of this Policy for as long as it is so linked .
Cookies and Other Technologies
To enhance your experience we also use `` cookies '' and other technologies in our Online Services .
Cookies are small data files that our server places on a visitor 's computer hard drive or device to store your preferences and to help us understand how visitors are using our Online Services .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Online Services .
Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Online Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our websites , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) .
Further , cookies and other technologies are used in email messages sent by our email delivery and marketing company and on our websites to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Online Services .
With respect to ads , information about your visits to our Online Services , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser .
However , you may find that some parts of our websites will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content and hamper your viewing of editorial content .
For more information about how to `` opt-out '' of these ad cookies , please click here .
Cookies must be enabled in order to register with our Online Services .
When you visit our websites , we may collect various types of technical data .
This data includes , but is not limited to , domain and/or Web browser information .
We may track which website you visited before arriving at our websites and the website you link to when you leave our websites .
We may also keep a record of which pages of our websites you visit , and how long you spend on each page .
We also use tools called Google Analytics and Remarketing with Google Analytics to collect information about use of our websites .
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our websites , what pages they visit when they do so , and what other sites they used prior to coming to our websites .
We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our websites and to provide current traffic statistics for our websites to third party advertisers and other affiliates .
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our websites when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented .
We and other third-party vendors , including Google , use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookie ) and third-party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to inform , optimize , and serve ads based on a visitor 's past visits to our site .
Google Analytics and Remarketing with Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our websites , rather than your name or other identifying information .
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics or Remarketing with Google Analytics with Personally Identifiable Information .
Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our websites , the cookie can not be used by anyone but Google .
What does MSO do with the information it gathers and/or tracks
Providing You with Online Services
We may use Personally Identifiable Information to enable you to use our Online Services ; to communicate with you regarding products and services offered by MSO and our affiliates and partners and other topics we think you might find of interest ; to conduct of sweepstakes , contests , or other promotions ; and to process e-commerce transactions .
Customizing and Enhancing Your Experience
We collect and use Personally Identifiable Information to enhance your use of our Online Services and to deliver more individualized content and advertising .
We use both Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information to improve the performance of our Online Services ; to customize the content and layout of our site pages ; and to inform you of new areas of our websites and product specials .
We may collect and analyze Aggregate Information to determine how many visitors arrived at certain pages of our site , how long they stayed on those pages , and where they went afterwards .
This information allows us to determine which pages might be the most interesting to our visitors and enables us to provide them with a better and richer experience on our site by informing advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base and improving customer relations .
Occasionally , we share Aggregate Information with third parties , such as our advertisers and business partners , for marketing and promotional purposes .
We may supplement Aggregate Information with similar information obtained from our affiliates , companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships , and other third party sources , such as your linked social media provider .
For more information on how and why MSO may share your information with third parties , please see Does MSO share information with other companies ?
Does MSO share information with other companies
We take the privacy of our users and customers seriously .
MSO occasionally shares both Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with other companies , including MSO businesses , MSO subsidiaries , and third parties with whom MSO has a marketing or business relationship .
Additionally , in some instances , other companies may be collecting your information on their own accord .
Information is transferred to other companies for the following purposes .
Activities and Services Provided by Third Parties
We employ third party companies to provide certain activities and services available through our Online Services on our behalf .
We may share relevant Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for the purpose of enabling them to perform such activities or services .
For example , if you choose to purchase a product from us , we may use outside vendors to process your credit card , or to process and ship the order to you .
In these instances , we would need to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information , such as your credit card information and shipping address , to these vendors .
These providers have access to personal information , but are restricted from using it for their own marketing purposes .
We use an email delivery and marketing company to send emails that you have agreed to receive .
Certain Personally Identifiable Information , including your email address , is provided to the email delivery and marketing company .
Sweepstakes and Other Promotions
If you choose to participate in a sweepstakes , contest , raffle , game , or other similar promotion , we reserve the right to share any related Personally Identifiable Information with third party sponsors of such sweepstakes , contest , raffle , game , or promotion ( irrespective of whether it is hosted by us ) .
You should carefully review the rules of each sweepstakes , contest , raffle , game and promotion in which you participate through our Online Services , as they may contain additional important information about MSO 's or a sponsor 's use of your Personally Identifiable Information .
To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your Personally Identifiable Information conflict with this Policy , the terms and conditions of such rules shall control .
Certain portions of our websites , or websites which our Online Services may link to if you decide to purchase a product or service , are operated by business partners with whom we may offer products or services .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because its name will appear either with ours or separately .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party business partners and are not responsible or liable for any third party business partner 's disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information .
Third Party Cookies and Other Technologies
In addition , we may allow third party service providers such as advertisers , website statistics gatherers , and others to use cookies and other technologies to , among other things , serve advertisements , collect statistics about use of our Online Services , and enable them to record information such as your browser type , IP address , which ads your browser has seen , which site pages you may have been viewing when ads were delivered , your referring URL , your geographic location , and other interaction information ( but not your name or address ) .
MSO does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties .
We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to : comply with applicable laws ; respond to governmental inquiries or requests ; comply with valid legal process ; protect the rights , privacy , safety , or property of MSO ; to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain ; and to enforce our Terms of Use .
Mergers or Other Types Corporate Transfers
Should MSO undergo a sale , merger , consolidation , change in control , transfer of substantial assets , reorganization , or liquidation , MSO 's accumulated customer information will be treated as an asset and , like other business assets , will be subject to transfer to or acquisition by a third party .
If I link to another website and provide information to that website , how will that information be handled
Our Online Services contain links to third party websites , including , but not limited to , the websites of companies with whom we have business or marketing relationships .
If you link to a third party website , you will leave our websites and this Policy will not apply to your use of , and activities on , those other websites .
Any information you provide on these third party websites will be collected by , and controlled by the privacy policy of , that third party .
We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on these third party websites , including their privacy policies .
We shall have no responsibility or liability for your visitation to , and the data collection and use practices of , such third party websites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY APPLIES SOLELY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED BY MSO .
How does MSO protect my information
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have taken appropriate precautions to safeguard any information we collect and/or store on our servers through a visitor 's use of our Online Services , including Secured Socket Layers ( SSL ) and other encryption technology .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Policy .
Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to Personally Identifiable Information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors of data .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of either your account or your linked social media account has been compromised ) you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us .
What are my `` opt-out '' choices
You may choose not to receive promotional emails or electronic newsletters from us by : ( A ) following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions in the specific email from which you wish to opt-out ; ( B ) visiting the Account Settings section of the Site and following the appropriate instructions ; or ( C ) contacting us , specifying the particular email list ( s ) from which you wish to be removed .
In addition , under California 's Shine the Light law , California residents may opt out of allowing us to : ( A ) share Personally Identifiable Information with MSO affiliates for their direct marketing purposes ; and ( B ) share Personally Identifiable Information with third party companies for their marketing purposes .
You may indicate your preferences to opt out of any combination of the choices above by contacting us .
Please specify in your email from which choice you are opting out :
Receiving promotional emails and electronic newsletters from MSO ;
Allowing MSO to share Personally Identifiable Information about you with MSO affiliates for their marketing purposes ; and/or
Allowing MSO to share Personally Identifiable Information about you with third-party companies for their marketing purposes .
We will respond to a request made pursuant to these methods as promptly as practicable .
Even if you elect to stop receiving promotional emails from us , we may still contact you to tell you important information about our Online Services or us .
Please note , however , that even if you `` opt out '' as described above , we will not be able to remove Personally Identifiable Information about you from the databases of affiliates or third parties with which we have already shared your Personally Identifiable Information .
If you wish to stop receiving marketing messages from such affiliates or third parties , please contact them directly or utilize the opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing messages .
Can I review or change information in `` Account Settings
If you want to review , correct , or change Personally Identifiable Information in `` Account Settings , '' please go to the Account Settings section of our site and follow the appropriate instructions .
Where will MSO store and maintain information about me
We maintain our Online Services in the United States .
By ( A ) providing Personally Identifiable Information and other information directly to our websites , and/or ( B ) electing to become a Member via an existing social media account and thus providing MSO access to Personally Identifiable Information for that account on file with that social media provider , you understand and consent to the collection , use , processing , and transfer of such information to the United States and other countries or territories , which may not offer the same level of data protection as the country where you reside , in accordance with the terms of this Policy .
How can I contact MSO
Our postal address is 601 West 26th Street , New York , NY 10001 .
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy , please feel free to contact us .
Special note concerning children
We encourage parents to use our Online Services with their children .
However , our Online Services are not directed towards children under the age of 13 , and we request that children under 13 not provide Personally Identifiable Information through our Online Services .
Can MSO change this Policy
MSO may modify , alter , or update this Policy at any time .
We may also change this Policy if we add any new services or features .
We will notify you of any changes by posting the revised policy on this site with the date it was revised .
You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the `` Last Updated '' legend at the top of this page .
We encourage you to review our Policy on a regular basis to stay informed about any changes to the Policy .
Your continued use of our Online Services constitutes your agreement to the Policy and any updates .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy , please do not continue using our Online Services .
Thanks for visiting .

We , Mathrubhumi Printing and Publishing Private Limitd ( hereinafter Mathrubhumi ) , are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy as a browser to our website .
This document ( read together with our terms and conditions ) sets out how any personal data sought or collected from you is processed by our website .
When you click on our webpage , universal resource locater ( URL ) to get onto our webpages and content links thereon you are deemed to have agreed be bound by this policy as updated from time to time .
So please read this document first and take a print out of the same for future purposes .
This policy will tell you about :
What data we collect
What we do with this data
Where we store this data
How long we store your data for
Steps taken to keep data safe
Our right to amend our policy
Mathrubhumi is the data controller ( for the purposes of applicable data protection laws in India ) .
We make an annual notification to the appropriate regulatory agency .
We own and/or operate content relating to a large number of news , lifestyle and entertainment into our web sites ( including mobile applications/apps ) .
We refer to our sites and apps as , collectively , the Services within this policy .
Some of our terms will make reference to our Partner Sites and any reference in this policy to us or we or our will include our Partner Sites .
( a ) ABOUT OUR COMPANY
As a large organisation we have a number of divisions that operate some of our sites and provide the Services to you .
For data protection purposes , these companies are called data processors .
Our divisions are all wholly owned by us .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect and process different types of information about you .
Some of this data is considered to be Personal Data ( that means you can be identified by it including Sensitive Personal Data ) and Anonymous Data ( that is data that you can not be identified from ) .
( a ) Information we collect if and when you sign up for any of our add on Services :
We may seek and collect your personal details including but not limited to your real name , user name , address , telephone , email address , date of birth , race , religion , sexual orientation and any other information you submit when you create a profile and sign up to our Services
( b ) Data we collect in respect of customer service and support
If you contact our customer support or others , we will keep any information you provide to us including records of correspondence .
If you provide feedback to us , or take part in any customer survey , or participate in competitions we , we will keep any information you provide .
We automatically identify your location according to the IP address assigned to your computer machine or mobile device by your Internet Service Provider , and mobile location data ( see more details below Information we collect about your location ) Usage data about how you use our site , this is what we consider Anonymous Data , which we collect using Cookies ( see more details below Our Cookie Policy ) .
( d ) Information we collect from partner networks that you use
Some of our Services have the ability to link your use of the Services to other social networks you might have access to .
If you have an account with another social network e.g . Facebook , you can share the data you have on our site with that network .
To enhance your experience and create a personalised service we may ask you to login to your Facebook account .
By doing so you grant us access to your information stored on your Facebook profile including without limitation your personal information , photographs , videos , interests and locations .
When you login to the other network or install our app , we will receive the basic information from you including but not limited to your name , photos , gender , networks , user ID , friends list and any other information you make public and your email address .
If you have logged into other social networks and linked them to any of our profiles you grant permission for us to post updates , including location information , on your behalf therefore please exercise caution .
You can turn off location data see below .
( e ) Information we collect about your location
We can collect location data from your computer and/or mobile device .
When accessing the Services from a mobile device you will be given the option to allow location sharing with our application .
If you do not wish to share your location data with us please exercise due caution to turn off this feature by following your mobile device instructions to do so .
For national security reasons , we are required to track your IP address if you are using a computer to access the Services .
If you are using a mobile device we use GPS with an accuracy range of 20 to 100 metres .
We also use your location data to research our own Services , develop new products and improve our Services , including using third parties to help us either provide the Services to you or develop new ones , and target advertising to suit your user experience .
Your devices can give us lots of information about the device including the brand , model , version of operating system , installed app details , email accounts , mobile carrier and so on .
We may also connect your account with location data from Foursquare and can show your Foursquare check ins on our map within some of our Services .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We process data we collect from you for the following core purposes :
To administer your browsing activity with us ( including notifying you of any announcements , updates , special offers or services , should you consent to this ) ;
To help us improve the structure , layout and usability of the Services ;
To allow you to participate in any future interactive features of the Services ( including the features that require the mobile phone number ) ;
To help personalise your repeat visits to and usage of the Services ;
To provide you with information on products or services or news and offers that you request from us ( see below under 'Marketing ' for more information ) ;
To answer any questions you may raise or respond to any comments you may send to us ;
To notify you about changes to our service or the functionality of the Site ;
To carry out market analysis and research ;
To ensure that you are complying with the terms and conditions of use and to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations ;
( a ) Creation of duplicate profiles across our Partner Sites
If you sign up to any one of our Services we will send you an email shortly afterwards advising that we have created a profile on our websites to enhance your browsing experience .
When we email you about this you will have the option to decline this service , which costs nothing extra .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
If you choose to upload your Contact 's name and email address and/or mobile number you are allowing us to send an email or social network or mobile invitation on your behalf , inviting your Contact to join the Services .
We will store your Contact 's name and email address solely for the purposes of inviting them to sign up to our Services and for associating your Contact with you and other people they may know .
We will not store your Contacts information after invitations ( up to a maximum of 3 ) have been sent .
Your Contacts will then only receive future emails from us if they choose to accept the invitation and join our Services , or if you use any of our tools to share experiences with your Contacts and you input their email address for us to use again .
( d ) When we are called upon disclose your information to third parties and why
We may be required by law e.g . through potential or actual litigation , court order , public or governmental authorities , or rules and regulations within or out with your country of residence to disclose all or part of your information to third parties .
We may also deem it necessary to make such a disclosure in the event of an issue of national security , law enforcement or other such similar situations as we deem necessary including , for example , allegations of alleged infringement of copyright , trademarks or other third parties ' rights by users .
We share your personal information with our partner service providers in order to provide their Services to you including those parties who assist us with information processing , credit and payment processing , fulfilment of your subscription order , managing and hosting data , conducting consumer research or satisfaction surveys .
These disclosures relate to providing our Services , improving our Services and delivering targeted advertising to you .
We do not provide your contact details to third parties for direct marketing by them to you .
( a ) When we market to you directly about our products and services
We may share your information with our Partner Sites and Group Companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising to you of our Partner Sites and Group Companies ' products and services , or to help us to prepare marketing reports .
We may send you information about our Partner Sites and Group Companies ' products and services , news and offers , and selected third party products and services that we think may be of interest to you .
We may do this by contacting you through your email address or mobile phone number that you have provided .
Any communication received from us , as consented to by you , will clearly state that it is being sent by us .
You have the option to opt-out of our marketing communications at any time ( see below ) .
( b ) When third parties market to you
If you have consented to receive marketing communications from third parties , your data may be passed on to such third parties as we enter into data sharing agreements with , from time to time , for marketing purposes .
We can not be held liable for the content of the third party 's communications or products/services they are promoting .
If you have provided this consent , but change your mind , you can opt-out at any time ( see below ) .
Please be advised that you will also require to contact the individual third parties who have been marketing to you if you wish to stop receiving their communications directly .
( c ) Opting Out of Marketing
WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATA
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to , and stored at , a location outside the republic of India where we may host our servers .
It may also be processed by law enforcement agencies , employees and independent contractors of our Group Companies located outside INDIA who work for us or for one of our suppliers ( for example , staff who are involved in providing services that you order from us , processing your payment details or providing support services to us ) .
By submitting your personal data to us , you agree to this transfer , storing or processing .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy .
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA FOR
Generally speaking , we only store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Services to you and others , with information typically being held until you cancel your membership .
KEEPING YOUR DATA SECURE
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Site ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your information , we will use procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password or user ID code which enables you to access certain parts of the Site , you are responsible for keeping the password or user ID code confidential .
We ask you not to share a password or user ID code with anyone .
As already explained hereinabove , we may procedurally collect information about your computer or mobile device by using Cookies .
If you use our site you are consenting to the use of Cookies as explained here .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit and provide statistical data to us , that does not identify you personally but an tell us a lot about your browsing habits to tailor your user experience to suit your needs .
They are widely used in order to make websites work , or work more efficiently , as well as to provide information to the owners of the site .
We use cookies to enhance our security , help us gather information during subscription and understand our web traffic trends .
They help us to improve the Services and to deliver a better and more personalised service .
They enable us :
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern ;
To store information about your preferences , and so allow us to customise the Services according to your individual interests ;
To speed up your searches ;
To recognise you when you return to any website or application ;
To provide annoymised statistical information : Non-personal data may be gathered on our behalf using cookies , log file data , and code that is embedded on our websites by specific third party partners .
We use this non-personal information to help improve the services we provides to you .
When you visit the publicly available sections of the Services , a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you 're visiting .
We also place persistent cookies ( also known as local storage devices ) on members ' computers , so that we remember them to make your login in process faster and easier .
You may set your browser to block cookies and local storage devices , but if you do so , you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services .
OUR RIGHTS TO AMEND THIS POLICY
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will post any changes to it on this page .
We encourage you to regularly review our privacy policy to make sure you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we may share it with other parties .
We may also contact you from time to time to advise of any changes if we feel such notification is necessary depending on the extent of the changes .
LINKS TO OTHER THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our websites , apps , and promotional materials , may , from time to time , contain links to and from the websites of our third party networks , advertisers and affiliates .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites .
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PROTECTIONS FOR CHILDREN USING THE INTERNET
We do not solicit or target persons younger than legal age for collection of information online .
Our Site does not permit children under the age of 18 to become users and we do not accept any information from children .
By submitting information to us you represent that you are over the age of 18 .
We encourage minors to seek the consent of their parents before providing any information about themselves or their households to anyone on the Internet .
We encourage parents to take an active role to protect the privacy and security of their children and to prevent the inappropriate use of information about their children .
We support the development of technologies that help parents to control the collection and use of personal information from children who use online services in their households .

Privacy Statement for mathsisfun.com
Also Read : Internet Safety Guide
Mathsisfun.com does not have memberships or subscriptions , and does not keep any personally identifiable information ( except what you say when you contact us ) .
We use `` cookies '' to store some settings .
Advertisers may also use information about you that is out of our control .
Here are the details :
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for mathsisfun.com , and advises you of what information may be collected via this website and what will happen to it .
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under mathsisfun.com control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
If you feel that we are not abiding by our privacy policy , please contact us
Information Collection and Use
Mathsisfun.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement .
Mathsisfun.com collects only enough information to provide basic functionality and security .
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer containing information about the user 's visit .
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site .
For instance , by setting a cookie on our site , the site can know if you pressed `` hide ads '' .
If a user rejects the cookie , they may still use our site .
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers .
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person .
Links to Other Sites
This web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that mathsisfun.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site .
As mathsisfun.com is a free information only service and sells no products directly there is no secure server connection .
At no time will mathsisfun.com directly request address or payment details .
However , some partner sites do sell direct .
Where possible it has been checked that these sites are using a secure server .
Please check as mathsisfun.com can not be responsible for insecure transactions from other web sites .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will notify users on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
Last Updated : Tuesday 28 Feb 2012

Tax ID and Addresses
Privacy Policy for mathworks.com
At MathWorks , we believe it is your right to know what information we collect , how we use it , and what your options are for its use .
Below you can find details about :
EU/U.S . and Swiss/U.S .
How we use and collect your information
How we protect your order information
How to remove or update your order information
How your information submitted to MATLAB Central may be used
How we collect information through products
EU/U.S . and Swiss/U.S .
MathWorks is a certified Safe Harbor company , within the meaning of the U.S./European Union and U.S./Swiss Safe Harbor privacy framework .
Accordingly , MathWorks adheres to the seven principles of the Safe Harbor : Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Access , Security , Data Integrity , and Enforcement .
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , MathWorks commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Ryan Applegate , c/o MathWorks , 3 Apple Hill Drive , Natick , MA , 01760 .
MathWorks has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
How we use and collect your information
We will not sell or rent your personal contact information to other companies .
We will not disclose your personal contact information to other companies , except in the limited manner and for the limited purposes described below .
The MathWorks Web site has several forms and additional collection methods that request contact , payment , and other information .
Providing such information is optional , but you may be unable to complete certain transactions , obtain certain services , or access certain features of the MathWorks Web site or software without providing the requested information .
MathWorks uses the personal information it collects for the following purposes :
To send promotional material about our company , products , services , and events and , in some cases , on behalf of related third-party products , services , and events .
You may choose not to receive this additional information .
( See `` How to remove or update your information , '' below . )
To process and ship orders that you place with us , and to provide you with documentation or other material in support of your order .
To manage licenses within MathWorks .
To provide any communication or material necessary to respond to an order for a product or service , a request for support or information , or an application for a seminar , trade show , or other event .
To solicit optional feedback in the form of surveys measuring customer satisfaction with MathWorks products , services , and events .
To notify you of new products , updates , or other information related to your purchases or information requests .
To enable delivery of consulting or training services and participation in seminars , trade shows , or other events .
To comply with obligations imposed by applicable laws or regulations , or with a court or administrative order .
To provide important information regarding the renewal of agreements , version upgrades , and other alterations related to Company products and services used by customers .
MathWorks may employ subsidiaries , partners , service providers , authorized distributors , and other third parties in order to fulfill the purposes described above .
These entities may be located throughout the world .
MathWorks may also release current or past user information to third parties for limited purposes in the event MathWorks believes that usage is ( i ) in violation of the terms and conditions of use of the MathWorks Web site and/or ( ii ) associated with the commission of unlawful acts .
MathWorks may also disclose aggregate information to third parties .
IP addresses and cookies .
We use your IP address to administer our Web site and , occasionally , to help diagnose problems with our server .
We may use data collected in Web server log files , JavaScript code , and cookies to analyze visitors ' behavior to better understand their needs .
When you visit the MathWorks Web site and access My Account applications , one or more cookies may be placed on ( or read from ) your machine if your browser is set to accept cookies .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser .
These cookies do not store any personal information on your hard drive ; they consist of a simple code that is used to access your account information , maintain current session data , gather broad demographic information , and help analyze Web site traffic .
MathWorks may use such non-personal information for a variety of purposes including , but not limited to , market research and improving the content of our Web site .
Although Web browsers typically allow cookies by default , you may choose not to receive cookies by modifying the settings of your Web browser to disable cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of this Web site or other Web sites you visit .
MathWorks engages a third-party Web traffic analysis company to log aggregate information coming through our Web site on our behalf .
MathWorks controls how that data may and may not be used .
When you visit our Web site , the third-party Web traffic analysis company may use technical tracking methods such as cookies that will be listed under the domain 2o7.net , and Web beacons , on our behalf , and may receive anonymous information about your browsing on our Web site .
These technical tracking methods are not used to relate Web site visitors to any personally identifiable information .
Information collected by MathWorks is unique to individual visitors but is not personally identifiable to the third-party Web traffic analysis company .
Such information provided to MathWorks may be re-associated by MathWorks with previously collected information for internal purposes only , including but not limited to providing visitors with relevant content .
We may also use these technical tracking methods in e-mails to determine whether the recipients have opened such e-mails , clicked on links contained in those e-mails , and continued to browse our Web site .
No personally identifiable information , such as your name , street address , or e-mail address , is shared with the third-party Web traffic analysis company .
We allow third-party companies , including a third-party social bookmarking service , to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site and share or bookmark content .
How we protect your order information
MathWorks Store has security measures in place to protect the order information under our control against loss , misuse , destruction , and alteration .
We use industry-standard security measures called SSL encryption .
Encryption helps protect your credit card number and personal information by scrambling the data in transit to the MathWorks Store .
We encrypt every order .
If you would prefer to give your information by phone , you may call 508-647-7000 .
How to remove or update your information
MathWorks sends many types of e-mail and postal mail including printed and electronic newsletters ( MathWorks News & Notes and MATLAB Digest ) , and event announcements .
You may choose not to receive these types of correspondence .
You can remove your name from e-mail or postal mail lists :
Postal mailing list removal form
E-mail list removal form
Note : If you are a licensed customer , you will continue to receive operational correspondence , such as e-mail notification of new releases and maintenance renewal notifications .
Correct/update your contact information : MathWorks is committed to keeping your information as accurate as possible , in order to provide the best service to you .
If you have a MathWorks Account , you may make the necessary changes to your information online .
How your information submitted to MATLAB Central may be used
The MATLAB Central portion of MathWorks Web site requests information of contest participants and users contributing files and products to the File Exchange area .
MATLAB Central also contains access to the comp.soft-sys.matlab newsgroup .
Be advised that any content you submit to MATLAB Central , including personal information and postings to the comp.soft-sys.matlab newsgroup , is not subject to the protections that may be afforded information collected under other sections of the MathWorks Web site .
The content you submit will be accessible from any part of the world via Web technology , and any information your submissions contain may be used by MathWorks and the public , both within and outside the country from which you posted .
How we collect information through products
To enable you to use our products , we may request or collect information such as your name , e-mail address , physical location , phone number , title , company name , and/or system login name .
Such information may be used to activate , register , or update your product or license .
This allows us to understand your requirements ; to ensure safe , secure , and effective licensing of our products ; and to provide you with information that you may need for support in the future .
MathWorks will use information provided or collected only in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
MathWorks may make improvements or changes in the information , services , products , and other materials on the MathWorks Web site at any time without notice .
MathWorks may modify this Privacy Policy at any time , and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Privacy Policy .
Notification of material changes to this Privacy Policy will be provided by noting a new `` updated '' date in connection with the Privacy Policy link that appears at the bottom of each page .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , please contact us .

By Mayo Clinic staff
Updated July 13 , 2013
We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information .
In addition to this privacy policy , users of the Mayo Clinic site should consult the Mayo Clinic site terms of use as well as any product specific terms and conditions that apply .
Policies specifically related to patient information ( protected health information , or PHI ) submitted through Mayo Clinic 's patient portal can be reviewed here .
This policy applies to MayoClinic.com , MayoClinic.org and MayoClinic.edu and other Web locations under Mayo Clinic 's control .
What information we collect
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Clinic site .
We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it .
For example , if you choose to join the community at Mayo Clinic Online Community , the privacy policy and terms of use of that site apply .
The personal information that you submit , such as on the appointment request form , is shared only with those people in the Mayo organization who need this information to respond to your question or request .
Information submitted through Mayo Clinic 's online forms may be collected to ensure technical functionality .
It will also be utilized to address any inappropriate use of our website .
We do not save personal information to use for other purposes , nor do we provide it to any other organizations .
Email communications , newsletter and related services
MayoClinic.com provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties .
You can sign up for a free email newsletter .
You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time .
Email communications that you send to us via the email links on our site may be shared with a customer service representative , employee , medical expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry .
We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received .
Once we have responded to your communication , it is discarded or archived , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
The email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication .
It 's possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us .
If you wish to keep your communication private , do not use our email .
You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site .
Security and Privacy Officer
200 First St. SW
Rochester , MN 55905
We occasionally survey visitors to our site .
The information from these surveys is used in aggregated , de-identified form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site .
The information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a business relationship .
We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you ; if we do request contact information for follow-up , you may decline to provide it .
If survey respondents provide personal information ( such as an email address ) in a survey , it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request , or with third parties who perform data management services for our site .
Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from surveys confidential .
The Web server automatically collects the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computers that access our site .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet .
It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer .
We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site or advertisements from Mayo Clinic are being used and how we can better serve visitors .
Cookies and other tracking technology
We collect information about visitors to our site using `` cookies '' ( see definition on Webopedia ) and similar technology such as Web beacons , Web bugs , pixel tags , and so on .
We use this technology to recognize a repeat visitor and offer the visitor a set of services or information requested in a previous visit .
We use session cookies to track a visitor 's path through our site during a visit , to help us understand how people use our site .
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for things like :
Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information
Processing returns and exchanges
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering or installing products
Marketing and advertising products and services
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating things like special events and surveys
Establishing and managing your accounts with us
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
Operating , evaluating and improving our business
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal processes , we will not share any personally identifiable information we receive from you with any parties outside of Mayo Clinic .
We may share some information to third parties
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide the services .
In each case , we will ensure that these third parties have agreed not to use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide the services .
Except as noted above for newsletters and surveys , Mayo Clinic does not provide any third party access to your IP address and email address .
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors , traffic patterns and related site information .
These data reflect site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month , but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information .
To help us determine the effectiveness of Mayo Clinic advertising , we work with Web analytics tools hosted by third parties who receive nonidentifiable information from your browser , including the site or the advertisement you came from , your IP address , your general geographic location , your browser and platform information , and the pages you view within our site .
Use of cookies by advertisers
Our sponsors and advertisers and their ad servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site .
They use those cookies to collect nonpersonal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising , or to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you or to avoid running the same ads to you over time .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or how they manage the nonpersonal information they gather through them .
However , our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on MayoClinic.com .
If you click on an advertisement on MayoClinic.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site .
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you .
Some of our advertisers may participate in the Facebook/Nielsen program , which helps advertisers improve their measurement of advertising effectiveness .
If you are a Facebook user and access a page on our site containing an ad from a participating advertiser , Facebook receives a random numeric code identifying the ad that was served to you .
The ad is only identified to Facebook by the numeric code .
Facebook does not receive information that identifies the product or the advertiser .
Facebook , in turn , discloses only aggregate , de-identified information to Nielsen and the advertiser , not any personally identifiable information from your Facebook profile .
Note that Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on our site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet .
No personally identifiable information is collected as part of Google 's process .
Users may opt out of the use of this DART cookie by visiting Google 's privacy document .
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative .
Some ad servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies .
To do so , you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site .
You can opt out of cookies for several ad servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those ad servers .
Everyday Health may also use a third party ad network provider , Collective Media , to help present advertisements on this website .
Third party ad serving enables Everyday Health to target advertisements on MayoClinic.com to you for products and services you might be interested in .
These third party network advertisers , along with other advertisers and sponsors on the website , may use cookies , Web beacons ( also called single pixel GIFs or action tags ) or similar technologies ( and , in the case of cookies , access them on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser ) to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited , to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to avoid sending you duplicated advertisements and to serve you advertisements on other sites .
In doing so , the provider collects nonpersonal data such as your browser type , your operating system , Web pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed and other clickstream data .
The use of third party cookies , Web beacons and similar technologies by these ad network providers is governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Please visit Network Advertising Initiative to learn more about the information collection practices and opt-out procedures of third party ad networks we may use .
Whether you are visiting the Mayo Clinic site or in one of our clinic locations , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it .
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us .
The Mayo Clinic site uses encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL protects information you submit via our website , such as ordering information including your name , address and credit card number .
That being said , Mayo Clinic can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide .
You should understand , however , that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception , and so we can not absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions .
To further protect your privacy , you may choose to :
Stop receiving marketing or promotional emails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications from Mayo Clinic
Update and correct your personal information
Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services
To do any of these , contact Mayo Clinic by one of the methods listed below .
If you reached this site via an ad from Mayo Clinic
If you come to a Mayo Clinic website via a Mayo Clinic advertisement , the ad may have been served to you based on your interests or selected for you based on your browsing activities .
Protecting children 's privacy
We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children .
Links to other websites
Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies .
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting .
We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and Mayo Clinic evolves .
If we make significant changes to the privacy policy , we 'll post a prominent message on our websites .
Security and Privacy Officer
200 First St. SW
Rochester , MN 55905
If you 've contacted the website about a privacy-related concern and you do not believe your problem has been addressed , you may file a complaint with the Mayo Clinic chief security officer by calling the Mayo Clinic general number at 507-284-2511 and asking for the chief security officer .
This policy was last updated July 2013 .

This Notice provides information about data we use for security purposes and our
commitment to using the personal data we collect in a respectful fashion .
Go here for our complete notice .
McAfee and its family of companies ( McAfee , we , us ) are wholly owned
subsidiaries of Intel Incorporated .
We care deeply about your privacy and security
and your safety is a significant part of our essential mission .
decision to trust us with helping to protect your digital life from theft , disruption ,
and unauthorized access to your personal information and systems .
This privacy notice is designed to inform you about how your personal information
is collected , managed , and used to :
- Safeguard devices and data
- Manage our relationship with you
- Improve security products and services to predict future vulnerabilities
By collecting and processing data , we can help to predict threats and protect
you , your devices and your information .
McAfee is committed to becoming as
transparent as possible to help you understand how your data is processed , why it
takes data to protect data , and our commitment to using the personal data we
collect for the purposes discussed in this Notice .
Every time you turn on a device ,
connect to a network or open a file , you face significant risk from hackers ,
spammers , malware , spyware and other forms of unauthorized access to your data .
This is why it is important to use security products and services such as McAfee 's .
To defend against these threats and the thousands of new threats that emerge each
day , McAfee technologies may :
Analyze data sent to your devices for signs of risk or suspicious activity in
order to take corrective action
Assess the reputation of the sending device to determine whether access
should be allowed or if the transaction should be continued ;
Adapt responses to new threats based on intelligence from our global
Please read about our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions .
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information we obtain from individuals
interacting with McAfee and its websites , products , services , and applications .
Notice does not apply to personal information we obtain in our capacity as an
We provide access to our Privacy Notice by :
Linking to it throughout our websites
Referencing it in our terms of use and end user license agreements
Incorporating it into our contracts and other legal agreements as necessary
The Information we collect
McAfee collects some information that is personal ( i.e. , information that identifies an
individual either alone or in combination with other data ) .
non-personal information that does not , on its own , identify an individual person .
When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does
identify an individual person , we treat that combination as personally identifiable
McAfee collects personal information when you or someone acting on your behalf
provides it to us .
We also collect information when you obtain or use McAfee
products , services or when you communicate with a device using McAfee 's services .
The following are examples of the type of personal information that may be
collected , directly from you ( or someone acting on your behalf )
Contact information ( including name , email address , mailing address ,
telephone and fax number )
Payment information ( including payment card and bank account
Shipping , billing and other information provided in connection with the
purchase or shipment of McAfee products and services ;
Information about transactions with us ( such as purchase history ) and use of
our products and services ;
Information provided by you through McAfee-related communication
channels such as forums , technical support , and customer service ;
Username , password and other information used to verify identity ; and
Photographs or other biometrics when submitted
The following are examples of the type of information that may be collected by
McAfee , from your web browser or from interactions with our products and
Details about your computers , devices , applications and networks ( including
IP address , browser characteristics , device ID and characteristics , device
operating system information and system language preferences ) ;
activities on our websites and usage patterns of products and services ;
referring URLs , dates and times of website visits , and clickstream data such
as information commonly recorded in web server logs ; and
details about Internet or network usage ( such as the URLs or domain names
of websites you visit , information about applications that attempt to access
your network , or traffic data ) ;
data about files and communications , such as potential malware or spam
( which may include computer files , emails and attachments , email addresses ,
metadata and traffic data related to files and communications , or portions or
hashes -- a hash file is a file that has been converted into a numerical string
by a mathematical algorithm -- of any of this information ) ; this may include
similar information from third parties interacting with you ;
other information used in the operation of our products and services ( such as
information regarding the number of checked , suspicious , infected or
unwanted files or emails ; the number of malware infections ) ; and
Information that may be included in a virus or malware sample or a file you
consider to be suspicious that you submit to McAfee for review .
An Internet Protocol address ( IP address ) is a numerical label assigned to
each device ( e.g. , computer , printer , server ) participating in a computer network
that uses the Internet Protocol for communication .
It is how devices such as
computers find each other on the network .
Where it is sometimes possible that IP addresses can be associated with a single
individual 's system , they most often are associated with a group of systems , one
system shared by many users or a gateway into a group of systems or devices .
For instance , IP addresses included in an email communication are typically
associated with the respective email service provider and not with your device .
McAfee security products and services , like those of many security companies ,
depend on IP addresses to protect your information , your devices and your
For example , we may detect that a system or a group of systems
associated with a particular IP address has been compromised and is sending
malware or spam to some of our users .
Even without identifying who owns a compromised system or who
compromised it , we can assign a score to that IP address to reflect the
heightened threat it poses .
Our products and services can then divert your
traffic away from this IP address or block this IP address from sending malware
to your McAfee-protected device before your device is a victim of an attack .
The use of IP addresses and other machine data is critical to the ability to keep
security protections current , relevant and effective as cyber threats and attacks
evolve over time .
McAfee protects the collection of IP addresses regardless of whether they are
associated with any particular individual 's system or a group of systems .
not use IP addresses that our security tools gather for marketing purposes such
as online behavioral advertising or to push marketing messages .
McAfee uses cookies to remember user preferences and to maximize the
performance of our website and services .
Additionally , cookies help us to identify
returning users so , for example , we do n't need to ask them to enter their email and
password on every visit .
Please note the information gathered by cookies is necessary to provide some
McAfee services , including certain subscriptions .
We do not provide those services
to users who do not give their consent to the data processing carried out through
cookies or whose browsers are set to reject all cookies .
For example , when you
purchase a subscription to an online technology , a cookie is set that identifies the
version of the protective software and when it expires .
We use this information to
alert you that a newer version is available or if your subscription is going to
terminate and , thus , leave your system open to attack .
Cookies may also be used to control the type and/or frequency of ads , promotions ,
or other marketing messages the customer views .
These ads may be placed by third-
party advertising companies which are our vendors McAfee also uses web
beacons ( small transparent image files ) to count visitors to our sites and analyze
how visitors use our sites .
The information collected is generally anonymized and is
not used to identify any particular user .
As is common on the Internet , McAfee maintains log files of the traffic that visits our
For example , our servers may automatically record the information you or
your browser send when you visit a website .
These log files may include
information such as your requests , IP address , browser type , browser language , the
date and time of your request , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify
Use of the Personal Information we collect
McAfee uses the information it collects in ways that serve your security and
privacy needs , including the following :
Provide threat prediction and protection products and services ;
Provide security advisories , information and product updates ;
Conduct research and analysis ( for example , market and consumer research ,
security research and analysis , and trend analysis ) ;
Analyze users ' behavior when using McAfee products and services to
customize users ' preferences ;
Establish and manage McAfee accounts ;
Collect and process payments and complete transactions ;
Provide customer support , manage subscriptions and respond to requests ,
questions and comments ;
Communicate about , and administer participation in , special events ,
programs , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , and other offers and promotions ;
Enable posting on our blogs and other communications ;
Customize , measure , and improve our websites properties and advertising ;
Analyze and develop new products , services and websites ;
Perform accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities ;
Prevent detect , identify , investigate , and protect against potential or actual
claims , liabilities , prohibited behavior , and criminal activity ;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , agreements and
Perform other activities consistent with this Notice .
Products and Services Data Processing
If you use one of our products or services , software will operate in the background
of your computer system or device environment to perform specific security and
privacy protections including :
Threat Prevention and Prediction
Product Updating and Reporting
Our products and services may also process certain data to provide updates and
These update functions may check your system to see whether files
relating to the services need to be refreshed or modernized .
For example , products and services may transmit report files to McAfee .
contain information , including the number of checked , suspicious , infected or
unwanted files or emails , the number of infections , the date and hash values of the
detected infections and the number of false negatives/false positives .
of these reports is to analyze the frequency of particular infections or the prevalence
McAfee will also adapt the product where necessary to user preferences
based on actual use of the product .
Personal Information We Share
We may share personal information with :
Other members of the McAfee family of companies for the purposes
described in this Privacy Notice , such as to ( i ) provide services and joint
content ( such as registration , sales , and customer support ) ; ( ii ) help detect
and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies ; and ( iii )
guide our decisions about our products , services and communications .
Service providers and authorized partners who perform services for us ( such
as data storage , sales , fraud investigations and bill collection ) based on our
These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose
personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf
or comply with legal requirements .
Third parties with your consent .
For example , co-marketing with a business
partner or sharing limited information as necessary with security research
Other business entities legally related to McAfee , such as our parent
company , Intel , Inc. or any third party that may take over all or part of
McAfee 's functions in the future ( provided that such party agrees to use such
personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice ) .
Should a further combination occur , we will require that the new combined
entity follow this Privacy Notice with respect to your personal information .
We may also disclose personal information ( i ) if we are required to do so by law
or legal process ; ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as
law enforcement authorities or other authorized third-parties ; ( iii ) as may be
required for purposes of national security ; or ( iv ) when we believe disclosure is
necessary and appropriate to prevent physical , financial or other harm , injury or
loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity
or exposure to legal liability .
McAfee will not disclose your personal information to non-affiliate third parties
for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent .
McAfee family companies may share personal information with each other and use
it in a manner that is consistent with this Notice .
We may also combine it with other
information to provide and improve our products , services , content and advertising .
Where we share this personal information with a third party with a contractual
relationship with us ( such as a provider of services to McAfee ) these entities must
comply with standards at least as stringent as McAfee 's processing standards and
are limited to those standards unless you wish to create your own independent
relationship with that provider .
California Shine the Light Law
McAfee does not share your personal information with third parties for their own
marketing use without your permission .
We use administrative , organizational , technical and physical safeguards to protect
the personal information we maintain and ensure it is used according to this Notice .
Our security controls are designed to restrict access to the information to
authorized personnel only .
We regularly test our website for security
When you make a payment on our website using your credit card ,
we use SSL encryption in the transmission to McAfee of the credit card number .
require Service Providers maintain at least the same level of security we expect of
McAfee complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard that
requires merchants to implement security measures for credit card information .
How you can manage and control your personal information
We offer certain choices about how we communicate with our users and what
personal information we obtain about them .
Many McAfee products allow users to
make choices about the personal information collected .
You may choose not to receive marketing email communications from us by
clicking on the unsubscribe link or other instructions in our marketing
emails , visiting the My Account section on our website or contacting us as
specified in the How to Contact Us section below .
Many McAfee products contain settings that allow users or administrators to
control how the products collect information .
Please refer to the relevant
product manual or contact us through the appropriate technical support channel
To remove your personal information from a McAfee website testimonial , please
contact customer service .
If you chose to no longer receive marketing information , McAfee may still
legitimately communicate with you regarding such things as security updates ,
product functionality , responses to service requests or other transaction related
How you can access and correct inaccuracies
If you wish to contact us in relation to any personal information you may request
access to such information so that we can correct or amend the information by
contacting us as indicated below .
In certain circumstances we may be required to
retain data we have about you ( such as for tax or other business purposes or if
required by law or by authorities ) .
The time periods for which we retain your personal information depend on the
purposes for which we use it .
McAfee will keep your personal information for as
long as you are a registered subscriber or user of our products and , thereafter , for
no longer than is reasonably necessary for internal reporting and reconciliation
purposes pursuant to legal requirements and to provide you with any feedback or
information you might request or require .
Storage of the information we collect from you
The information we collect may be stored in servers in the United States and
wherever McAfee and its service providers have facilities , as well as your web
browser ( see section on cookies above ) .
McAfee complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of the United
States of America where it applies to our information protection activities .
does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If we learn we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 13
without proper consent , we will delete that data from our systems .
We may transfer the personal information we obtain to countries other than the
country in which the information originally was collected .
Those countries may not
have as comprehensive data protection laws as the country from which McAfee
initially obtained the information .
When we transfer the information to other
countries , we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice .
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland , we comply with
applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of
personal information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland .
Department of Commerce , the European Commission and Switzerland regarding the
collection , storage , use , transfer and other processing of personal data transferred
from the European Economic Area or Switzerland to the U.S. Click here to view our
Updating the Privacy Notice
We may update this Notice at any time by posting additions or modifications on this
If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner
materially different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users
by email or via a prominent notice on our website , and where necessary we will
seek the prior consent of our users .
Links to Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites for your convenience and
These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with
Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices , which we
strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
We are not responsible
for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with McAfee , any use of those
websites , or the privacy practices of those websites .
In certain circumstances , where the information of third parties is collected by us by
virtue of the third-party 's interaction with you ( such as the information of those
individuals who send communications to your computer ) , we rely on you to provide
the relevant third parties with any requisite notice and to obtain any requisite
Your agreement to our Privacy Notice
You expressly consent to McAfee 's processing of information as described in this
Privacy Notice when you :
Provide information to us through our websites ;
Buy or license our products or services and accept the terms of user or end-
user license ; or
Sign a contract with McAfee for products and services .
In addition , through these uses and interactions with McAfee Products , Services or
Websites , you specifically consent to our collection of personal information by
automated means , such as cookies or the intended functionality of a product or
service , and to our subsequent processing of the information in accordance with this
Privacy Notice and to the storage and transfer of the information to locations
wherever McAfee and its service providers have facilities .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice , or would like to
update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us by :
Emailing the Privacy Program Office of McAfee , Inc .
Calling us at 972-963-7902 ;
Writing to us at :
Privacy Program Office - McAfee , Inc .
2821 Mission College Blvd .
Santa Clara , CA 95054
If you do not receive a response , contact the Consumer Privacy Response Team of
writing to Consumer Privacy Response Team , 5000 Headquarters Drive , Plano ,
If you are located in the European Economic Area , please write to :
Privacy Program Office - McAfee Security S.A.R.L .
26 , Boulevard Royal
2449 Luxembourg , Luxembourg
In addition to McAfee , Inc. , the McAfee entity with which you have a business
relationship is responsible for ensuring your personal information is collected and
processed according to this Notice .
For the U.S. , Mexico , Central America , South America , and the Caribbean , this is :
McAfee , Inc. , 2821 Mission College Blvd. , Santa Clara , California 95054
For Canada , Europe , the Middle East , Africa , Asia , and the Pacific Rim , this is : McAfee
Security S.A.R.L. , 26 , Boulevard Royal , 2449 Luxembourg , Luxembourg
For Japan , this is : McAfee Co. , Ltd. , Shibuya Mark City West Building 12-1 ,
Dogenzaka 1-Chrome , Shibuya-ku , Tokyo 150-0043 , Japan
Last Modified December 19 , 2012 .

Privacy Policy and Legal Statement
McKinley is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy .
We provide certain services and opportunities for users of our Web site .
In order to provide services to you and to develop a better site , we may ask you to submit some personal information .
Please read the following to learn more .
We collect information :
This includes your email address and password .
This includes your full name , date of birth , current address , ssn , phone number , email , emergency contact information , current and past housing information , and current and past employment information .
When you submit a request for more information about our communities , we collect your name , phone , and email .
Uses of personal information
By sending a request for more information , we use this information to contact you to find the best housing solution .
We use the information you provide us to administer your account for technical issues .
We do not sell , rent , or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent except where it is necessary to carry out your instructions ( to conduct background and/or credit checks for example ) .
When you request information or complete a contact form , McKinley is collecting information from you .
This information is necessary to tailor our subsequent communications with you , to fulfill your information request and to contact you about McKinley .
McKinley will not sell , rent , or share your personal information with others , unless we have your permission or are required by law .
We will not share aggregate data with other parties .
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them .
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you 've visited , but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself .
A cookie ca n't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites .
McKinley may use cookies to identify what pages are being used and which ones are n't .
This helps us analyze the website traffic and improve our site .
No other company has access to McKinley 's cookies .
McKinley wants to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you , other than the data you chose to share with us .
If you are uncomfortable with cookie technology , you may adjust your browser accordingly .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
McKinley may amend this policy occasionally .
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information , we will notify you .
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our use of personal information on this site , please contact us .
Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully .
By downloading any materials from this website , you indicate your acceptance of these terms and conditions .
If you do not accept these terms and conditions , then do not download any materials from this website .
McKinley reserves the right to change these terms from time to time at its sole discretion .
In the case of any violation of these terms , McKinley reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations .
These terms apply to the McKinley website , both now and in the future .
McKinley owns all content and materials on this site .
The materials are copyrighted and protected by the copyright laws of the United States and , throughout the world , by the copyright law of each jurisdiction reflecting pertinent treaties and conventions .
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PERMITTED BELOW , YOU MAY NOT COPY , ADAPT , MODIFY , DISPLAY , PERFOM , OR OTHERWISE USE THE MATERIALS ( INCLUDING USE OF THESE MATERIALS ON ANY OTHER WEBSITE OR NETWORKED COMPUTER ENVIRONMENT ) WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF MCKINLEY .
Your use of the materials is conditioned on your maintaining all copyright , trademark and other proprietary rights notices appearing on the materials .
Any unauthorized use of any of the materials on this site may violate the copyright , trademark and other similar laws .
McKinley authorizes you to view , copy , print , and distribute McKinley material from this site , as long as :
The material is used for information only
The material is used for noncommercial purposes only
Copies of any material include McKinleys copyright notice
Although McKinley attempts to provide accurate information on this website , some information may be incorrect or outdated .
Therefore , McKinley assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of information on this website .
McKinley may change the information on the website , or the products mentioned , at any time without notice .
MCKINLEY IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE , OR THE INABILITY TO USE , THE MATERIAL ON THIS SITE .
THIS INCLUDES , BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO , THE LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF PROFIT , EVEN IF MCKINLEY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other web sites .
These links are provided to you as a convenience , and McKinley is not responsible for the content of any linked website .
A link to any other website does not imply that McKinley endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such a website .
In no event shall any reference to any third party or third-party product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by McKinley of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party .

At NYU Langone Medical Center , we are serious about doing our part to safeguard your personal information .
We take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to , or unauthorized alternation , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices , and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data .
To help protect the security and privacy of your personal information , you are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your site password or account , where applicable .
It is your sole responsibility to :
Control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords .
Authorize , monitor and control access to and use of your site account and password .
Promptly inform the site of any need to deactivate a password .
The answers below explain what we do to keep information about you private and secure .
We want you to be better informed of how we manage the information and what kind of information we have .
What information do you collect from me
To provide services and to help meet your needs , we collect information about you from our various applications and systems .
We get information from your requests for our products or services .
We get information about your transactions with us .
We get incidental information from your visit to our web sites .
Examples include IP addresses and the date and time of your visits .
This information is used to help us monitor the traffic volume at our sites and determine if we need to enhance our environment to support increased capacity .
In addition , we can use this information to troubleshoot any issues with connectivity to our sites .
How do you safeguard my personal information
We take a number of steps to protect the security and privacy of information about you .
Here are some examples :
We keep information under physical , electronic , and procedural controls in compliance with governmental standards .
We have corporate policies that limit employee access to confidential information , and limit the use and disclosure of such information only to authorized processes and transactions .
Our employees , agents , and contractors are instructed to access information about you only when they require it to do their work for us .
We use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt your personal information such as your user ID , password , and account information over the Internet .
You may check that your web session is secure by looking for a small lock symbol usually located in the lower corner of your web browser window .
We require companies working for us to protect your information .
They agree to use it only to provide the services we ask them to perform for us .
We do not store your credit card information that you enter on our web sites .
Is my information shared with other companies or organizations
We may share information about you with other companies that work for us .
We may also share information with other organizations for the purposes of scientific and health research .
Any information that is shared is protected under the same controls as if the information is residing in our environment .
We are bound by policy and law to safeguard confidential information for all of our clients .
How are your processes and practices verified
Periodically , our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the confidentiality of information .
These reviews are conducted by external auditing firms , government regulators , accreditation agencies , as well as our own internal staff .
Included in these examinations and self-assessments are review of the controls and safeguards related to consumer privacy .
How would I know if my personal information was compromised
We take great care of personal information and any situation that involves misuse or theft of confidential information is treated very seriously .
If your information is compromised at our site you will receive a letter from us informing you of the situation and what the next steps are .
If you think you are a victim of stolen identification resulting from the use of our services , please call the Compliance Helpline at 1-866-NYU-1212 .
What happens to the security and privacy of my personal information if I follow links to third-party sites
In order to provide visitors with other valuable information , NYU Langone Medical Center may provide links to third-party sites .
However , NYU Langone Medical Center exercises no authority over third-party sites , each of which maintains independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures .
We do not warrant or represent that the information submitted to the site will be protected against , loss , misuse , or alteration by third parties .
NYU Langone Medical Center assumes no responsibility or liability for these independent methods or actions and is not responsible for the independent policies or procedures of destination sites .
The site can not and does not assume responsibility or liability for any information you submit to the site or for third parties ' use or misuse of information transmitted or received from this site .
These destination links are provided only for your convenience and , as such , you access them at your own risk .
However , NYU Langone Medical Center wishes to assure the integrity of its site and its destination links , so any comments pertaining to our site or any sites accessed through our site links are greatly appreciated .

The Site may be accessed via the World Wide Web , mobile device or through a hyperlink embedded in an email or on a website hosted by a third party or one of our affiliated companies .
`` Members '' ( or `` Beneficiaries '' in the case of the TRICARE program ) are individual participants in a prescription drug benefit plan .
Individual Members who are at least eighteen years old and who have submitted a completed account registration form on the Site , or have completed the appropriate registration process from their plan sponsor 's website , or have completed the registration process via telephone with a customer service representative , or are otherwise qualified as a beneficiary under the TRICARE program are all `` Registered Members '' ( or `` Registered Beneficiaries '' in the case of the TRICARE program ) who will be provided access to the Member Website after completing the registration process .
The `` Member Website '' is a member-only account portal available through the Site or via mobile access which enables Registered Members to access their personal account information and to use certain other Services offered only to Registered Members .
`` Services '' include , for example but not limitation , access to the Member 's account and the Personal Information and Protected Health Information of the Member and ( subject to certain required approvals ) of the Member 's Covered Household Members .
`` Cardholders '' ( or `` Sponsors '' in the case of the TRICARE program ) are Members of a prescription drug benefit plan who carry the membership under their name for themselves and their Covered Household Members .
`` Covered Household Members '' mean individuals who are covered through the prescription drug benefit plan under the Member 's account .
`` Adult Dependent '' means a Covered Household Member who is over the age of eighteen .
If your Member Website identifies or contains a hyperlink to a Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that is different from this Privacy Promise , the terms of the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) provided to you as a hyperlink from your Member Website or otherwise set forth in your Member Website is the Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) that applies to you until such time as you are otherwise notified .
The terms contained in that Privacy Promise ( or Privacy Policy ) will override any conflicting terms contained in this Privacy Promise .
We are firmly committed to protecting the confidentiality of your Personal Information .
The term `` Personal Information '' means any information which can be used to identify you or any individuals who are your Covered Household Members , including by way of example , but not limitation , name , date of birth , mailing address , phone number , cell phone number , e-mail address , credit card information , and/or Social Security number .
`` Protected Health Information '' means any information related to your and any Covered Household Members ' health or medical status , including , by way of example , but not limitation , names of your doctors , health conditions , medicines , and/or prescription information and history .
In addition to this Privacy Promise , the version of our `` Notice of Privacy Practices '' which is applicable to you and made available to you on the Site describes how we may use and disclose your Protected Health Information , and your rights to access and update your Protected Health Information and how to request restrictions on our use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information .
To the extent any terms in this Privacy Promise conflict with any terms in the Notice of Privacy Practices , the Notice of Privacy Practices will control and override the terms in this Privacy Promise .
COLLECTION AND USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
How We Collect Non-Personal Information
When you register and/or visit the public or Member Website portions of the Site , we may collect Non-Personal Information from you .
`` Non-Personal Information '' means a data element or collection of data elements that by itself can not be associated with a specific individual .
Non-Personal Information includes by way of example but not limitation , the Internet browser or computer operating system you are using , your IP address or the automatic tracking of the pages of this Site that you access , and Site data collected on an aggregated , anonymous basis through web server logs and cookie technology ( further described below ) , third-party ad servers , and clear GIFs .
Our web server automatically collects this information , including your IP address , when you request pages from our server .
We may also collect other information regarding your interactions with the Site .
We utilize a standard technology called `` cookies '' and web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used .
A cookie is a very small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier .
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , the time spent at our Site , and the websites visited immediately prior to and after visiting our Site .
When you visit the Site , the Site 's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies .
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it .
With most Internet browsers , you can erase cookies from your hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
Please refer to your browser 's instructions or online help files to learn more about these functions .
How We Use Non-Personal Information
We use two kinds of cookies - session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
Session ID cookies are used to personalize your user experience , to determine ways to improve our Site , Site content , and the Services offered through the Site .
These cookies are deleted from your hard drive when you close your browser session .
Persistent cookies are used to collect non-personally identifiable information such as Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp and number of clicks .
We use your IP address so that we can send data ( such as the web pages you request ) to you .
We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns to help us understand how you use the Site and your preferred and most frequently used Site pages and Services , to provide you with better service connections and improved Site use and functionality , and to provide you with information on other services and offers that may be of interest to you .
We analyze utilization information in the aggregate to study outcomes , costs , and provider profiles , and to suggest benefit designs for your employer or health plan .
These studies generate Aggregate Data ( described below ) which we may utilize , sell or disclose to other companies or organizations .
We will not sell or disclose your Non-Personal Information to other companies or organizations .
We may perform statistical analyses of the traffic patterns , Site usage and behaviors associated with our Site .
We may use these analyses to generate Aggregate Data from the original Non-Personal Information .
`` Aggregate Data '' is summary level data , such as the number of users in a specific gender in a specific zip code , who have chosen a specific benefit plan .
Aggregate Data does not contain information that can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or e-mail address , and does not reflect the original form of the Non-Personal Information collected from you .
We may sell or disclose the Aggregate Data to other companies or organizations , and we may engage third parties who operate a Linked Site to collect Non-Personal Information from users of that Linked Site and share that Non-Personal Information with us as part of services provided on our behalf .
Linked Site providers will not have the ability to translate the Non-Personal Information they collect for us into Personal Information .
Please see our Linking Policy below for more details .
In some cases , we may share Non-Personal Information with third parties who provide services to us .
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AND HEALTH-RELATED PERSONAL INFORMATION
How We Collect Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information
Registration is optional ; however , Registered Members are provided access to the Member Website and to information and online Services not provided on the public website , as well as the ability to login to the Member Website when revisiting the Site .
When you register as a Registered Member , the Personal Information required to be submitted is limited to information that is reasonably necessary to allow you access to and use of the Member Website .
Once you are a Registered Member , you may be required to provide additional Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information as necessary to effectively use the Services offered through the Member Website .
The Personal Information you disclose to us during registration and in connection with the Services is provided strictly on a voluntary basis .
We may also collect Non-Personal Information during the registration process as described above .
When you become a Registered Member , you may be asked to provide us with the Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information of one or more of your Covered Household Members .
In addition to providing Personal Information during the registration process , you may provide us with Personal Information or Protected Health Information on the checkout page of the Site when ordering and paying for products and/or if you choose to purchase products or services using our `` e-check '' electronic funds transfer program or through an automatic refill option .
Should you choose to assign a Designated Caregiver ( `` Caregiver '' ) in the `` Profile '' section of the Member Website , you will be asked to provide Personal Information about this individual .
The Personal Information may include the individual 's full name , date of birth and gender which will be used by us to properly identify your Caregiver when he or she contacts us on your behalf .
When you become a Registered Member or Registered Beneficiary , we may communicate with you for a variety of purposes in accordance with your communication preferences .
By registering for use of the Member Site , you have authorized us to communicate with you through your provided e-mail address .
You may change your designated communication preferences on the communication preferences page of the Member Site .
For example , if you do not wish to receive e-mails or certain types of e-mails from us , you may so designate on the communication preferences page .
In general , once you have authorized us to utilize a particular manner of communicating with you , we may cease communicating with you through other communication channels .
At times , we may utilize communication channels not designated in your communication preferences , or may contact you regarding a particular issue or through a particular communication channel despite an otherwise stated communication preference .
In certain instances , we may communicate with you through a different communication channel , or we may utilize multiple communication channels to reach you .
Examples of when we may not be able to fully follow your communication preferences include when required by law , when we are unable to reach you by your preferred communication channel , when you have reached out to us by a particular communication channel and we respond by communicating with you through the same communication channel , or in the case of an emergency or other extenuating circumstance .
You may continue to use all communication channels available to you to reach us regardless of your communication preferences .
How We Use Your Personal Information and Protected Health Information
We will not use or disclose your Personal Information or your Protected Health Information in a manner inconsistent with applicable law , this Privacy Promise or the Notice of Privacy Practices .
Examples of our uses and disclosures include :
We will manage your prescription benefits and process your prescription drug claims .
This process may involve sharing certain Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information with you and/or your doctor , pharmacist , health plan or plan administrator .
These disclosures are made in accordance with the terms of your health plan or prescription benefit plan .
We will process and send you orders you have placed through our pharmacy .
We may send you information or contact you regarding health conditions , medicines , or programs designed to improve your health .
We may send you promotional offers or marketing information that may be of interest to you .
We may use third-party agents for purposes of marketing and transactional communications .
In certain circumstances , we may be legally compelled to release your or your Covered Household Members ' Personal Information or Protected Health Information in response to a court order , subpoena , search warrant , law or regulation or the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices .
Covered Household Members Personal Information and Protected Health Information
Our Member Website may include features through which Registered Members may view their own Protected Health Information ( such as their prescription history ) and their Personal Information .
In addition , Cardholders may use the Member Website to view Protected Health Information and Personal Information of any Covered Household Members under the age of eighteen .
When registering to use the Member Website , Adult Dependents have the ability to deny sharing their Protected Health Information or other Personal Information with other Covered Household Members , including Cardholders , spouses , parents or guardians by choosing certain privacy settings at the time of registration and/or adjusting the privacy settings at any time after registration .
Adult Dependents and Cardholders may not access the Protected Health Information or other Personal Information of other Adult Dependents unless the Adult Dependent has approved such access .
Express Scripts disclaims all present and future liability for any unauthorized use or access by any Adult Dependent of another Adult Dependent 's Personal Information .
How You Can Correct/Update Your Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information
You can correct or update your Personal Information or Protected Health Information at any time using the following options :
Login to the Member Website and update your Personal Information .
Call the Customer Service number on your Member ID card .
Attention : KANA Team
One Express Way , St. Louis , MO 63121
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION , PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
All Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through our Site is owned by us .
Accordingly , if we are acquired , merge with another entity , or we divest one or more of our businesses , affiliates or subsidiary companies , the Sites , and any Personal Information , Protected Health Information and Non-Personal Information obtained through them , may be transferred to an applicable entity for the purposes of continuation of Services , in accordance with applicable law and the Notice of Privacy Practices .
As stated in the Covered Household Member Information section of this Privacy Promise , our Sites is neither intended for nor designed to attract users who are under the age of 18 .
We are committed to preventing the unintentional collection of Personal Information and Protected Health Information from children under the age of 13 .
Any Personal Information and Protected Health Information of a child under 13 that is provided to us must be provided by the Registered Member , and not by a child under the age of 13 who is using the Site .
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 whom you have reason to believe has provided his or her own Personal Information or Protected Health Information to us , you have the right to request the removal of that child 's Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information from our database .
You will be required to verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian in order to have their Personal Information or Protected Health Information removed .
Our Site may contain hyperlinks allowing our users to connect to websites owned by our third-party vendors , distributors , and providers ( `` Linked Sites '' ) .
You may also access our Site through a hyperlink embedded in a Linked Site .
We provide hyperlinks to the Linked Sites as part of the Services to enable you to conveniently access websites that may be of interest to you .
Please note that once you click on a hyperlink that transfers you from our Site to a third party 's Linked Site , you have left our Site , and this Privacy Promise will immediately cease to apply to any subsequent activity on the Linked Site .
We are under no obligation to notify you when you have left our Site and have accessed a Linked Site .
Use of any Linked Site will be governed by the privacy policy ( if any ) on the Linked Site .
You may , at your option , participate in surveys or provide other information to our affiliates that control a Linked Site , and that information may be shared with us or with others subject to the privacy policy terms set forth on that Linked Site .
Certain Non-Personal Information that you choose to provide through a Linked Site ( such as your member ID or comments ) that is subsequently provided to us by the Linked Site provider in connection with a service engagement may be identifiable to us as your Personal Information .
We will not share any information that we identify as Personal Information with the Linked Site provider .
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of this website across the entire transaction process .
We take reasonable technical and procedural precautions to protect the information provided by our members .
Our Internet infrastructure is protected using industry recognized commercial security products , including current encryption technology , and best practice procedures for maintenance of the website .
In addition , our infrastructure is monitored 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
No method of transmission over the Internet or storage of data on an Internet server is 100 % secure .
Although we use commercially acceptable and reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information , we do not guarantee its absolute security .
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY PROMISE
You are deemed to have assented to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise when you use the Site and/or when you have indicated in your online registration that you accept the Terms of Use into which this Privacy Promise is incorporated .
You are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Promise each time you access the Site and/or the Member Website after initial registration by using your personal login and password .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Promise , please do not use the Site .
The terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Promise are subject to and may be superseded by applicable Federal and State laws .
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY PROMISE
We use Non-Personal Information , Personal Information and Protected Health Information collected from you and from Covered Household Members only within the scope of use described in this Privacy Promise .
However , we reserve the right , from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion , to change , modify , to add terms or remove terms from this Privacy Promise without advance notice to you .
Changes to this Privacy Promise will be reflected when we post a new version number and updated revision date .
Therefore , we recommend that you check the version number and revision date prior to using the Member Website , and that you review this Privacy Promise on a frequent basis .
Your continued use of the Member Website after this Privacy Promise has been updated , as shown in the version number and revision date , indicates your agreement and acceptance of this Privacy Promise , including all changes made as of the date of your use of the Member Website .
HOW TO SEND US YOUR COMMENTS
We welcome your comments .
If you have general feedback regarding this Privacy Promise , please email us .
Upon submission , any suggestions you make regarding the Site become our property , and we shall have the right to use any of your comments or suggestions without further permission from or notice to you .

This MediaFire Privacy Policy , in conjunction with the Terms of Service and any End User License Agreement ( EULA ) accepted by you , and other terms and conditions of use which are incorporated herein by reference and may be posted and applicable to specific services , governs your use of the MediaFire website and are collectively referred to as the `` Agreement '' .
MediaFire may modify the Agreement which will become effective immediately upon posting on the website .
Your continued use of the website and any associated services , the `` Services '' , indicates your acceptance of the Agreement .
Any Content uploaded by you to MediaFire becomes published Content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the MediaFire Services , regardless of how you access it , and by using our Services you consent to the collection , transfer , processing , storage and disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy .
Information may be collected from you in various ways when you use our Services .
We automatically receive certain types of information when you interact with our Web pages , services and communications .
This information includes your computer or digital device 's IP address , access times , your browser type and language .
We may also collect information about the type of operating system you use , your account activity , and accessed pages .
MediaFire uses unique identifiers to measure usage and analyze trends , administer the website and collect information for its databases .
See Google Analytics Privacy Policy .
We may ask for some personal information when you create an account , including , but not limited to , your email address and a password , which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access .
You are solely responsible for safeguarding the secrecy of your password .
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you .
You may review , update , correct or delete personal information or your account on your My Account page .
Since our Services are not directed to persons under 13 , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that `` his '' child has provided us with personal information without their consent , `` he '' should delete the account .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , we will suspend the account .
For assistance , contact our support department .
Your personal information may be used to correspond with you via email , offer software updates , and enable you to communicate , collaborate and share files .
When you choose to collaborate or share files with others , MediaFire will collect the email addresses and information of the other parties .
Some information is retained only as long as necessary to provide requested Services ; other information may be retained longer so we may provide the Services , comply with our legal obligations and enforce our Agreements .
MediaFire is not responsible if you volunteer personal information online that is accessible to the public .
You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties or it may be used in a manner that violates the law , your personal privacy or your safety .
By submitting such information , you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed .
If you are not a resident of the United States , you understand and agree that MediaFire stores and processes your information on computers located in the United States , and by providing any data to MediaFire , you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States .
We will not rent , sell or share your information with third parties .
However , we may disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( a ) comply with a law , regulation or compulsory legal request ; ( b ) co-operate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities ; ( c ) identify persons who may be violating the law or legal notice ; ( d ) protect and defend the rights or property of MediaFire or third parties ; ( e ) protect the safety of an individual or group ; ( f ) prevent fraud or abuse of MediaFire or its users .
We use `` cookies '' to collect information and improve our Services .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your digital device .
We may use `` persistent cookies '' to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service .
We may use `` session ID cookies '' to enable certain features of the Service , to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept or delete cookies , however , you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service or be able to access your uploaded files if you have not already created a registered account .
We also employ HTML5 technology and , by default , local storage which you can disable on your My Account page .
You are solely responsible for the privacy and security of your digital device receiving this technology .
Third-party websites or services linked to MediaFire are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
These websites may collect personally identifiable information about you and place a cookie on your browser .
MediaFire is not responsible for the privacy practices of the third-party websites and companies or what they do with your information .
You should make sure their privacy policy is acceptable to you .
We shall have the right to reference and refer to a relationship with you or your company , which may be determined by the domain used in the registered email account .
The security of your information is important to us .
MediaFire employs measures to protect information collected from loss , destruction , disclosure , unauthorized access , misuse and alteration .
Although we strive to protect your personal information , MediaFire can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Sensitive data such as credit card information is administered in compliance with PCI standards .
PayPal customers banking and credit card information is stored , transmitted to , accessed and managed exclusively by PayPal .
In the event that MediaFire is acquired , sold or merged with a third party entity , we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of any change of control .
In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , MediaFire may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred or used .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , contact us by mail c/o Privacy Policy , 19241 David Memorial Dr. # 170 , Shenandoah , Texas 77385 .
Last update : February 16 , 2012

Last Updated : May 30 , 2012
Mediaplex , Inc. is dedicated to providing our products and services in a way that best assures the privacy of Internet Users .
This privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) sets forth the privacy policies and practices of Mediaplex , Inc .
( `` Mediaplex '' , `` we '' , `` our '' or `` us '' ) , a ValueClick , Inc. company ( `` ValueClick '' ) , in providing services for our marketing clients ( `` Clients '' ) , and to individuals who receive email or use a browser to access websites ( `` Internet Users '' ) .
Mediaplex provides products and services to deliver and track advertisements and marketing messages over the Internet on behalf of clients such as advertisers , marketers and website publishers ( `` Clients '' ) .
Advertisements and communications sent through Mediaplex products and services derive from the sending Client , with Mediaplex acting as the delivery agent .
The collection , use , and disclosure of data collected by Mediaplex pursuant to its provision of services and products for its Client ( `` Mediaplex Services '' ) are governed by this Privacy Policy .
The collection , use and disclosure of data collected by any Client in connection with such Client 's use of Mediaplex Services are governed by such Client 's privacy policy which may differ from this Privacy Policy .
While Mediaplex strongly encourages its Clients and business partners to adopt responsible approaches to online privacy , Mediaplex is not responsible for the information practices of Clients or their partners .
Please note that if you voluntarily choose to provide information to Mediaplex you consent to the practices and procedures detailed herein .
To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and a written agreement to which Mediaplex is party , the terms of such agreement shall prevail with respect to the parties to that agreement .
Mediaplex offers Clients various online advertising products , including without limitation , MOJO Adserver , MOJO Publisher , and MOJO SEM .
In the process of providing online advertising , Mediaplex does not collect any personally identifiable data , which is data collected with an intention to identify and contact a person such as name , address , telephone number or e-mail address ( `` PII '' ) from Internet users with respect to such online advertising products .
We may use technology such as click-stream , cookies , web beacons , log files and HTTP protocol elements to collect general data on the performance of our advertising campaigns so we can report aggregated results .
This data is collected on an anonymous and non-personally identifiable basis .
The non-personally identifiable information that Mediaplex collects may include , as an example , IP address , browser types , operating systems , domain names , access dates and times , referring website addresses , online transactions and browsing and search activity `` Non-PII '' ) .
The Non-PII collected is used for the enhancement of our services to our Clients , marketing , and to more effectively match advertisements and website content to Internet users .
Mediaplex offers Clients an email marketing product , MOJO Mail .
MOJO Mail is used to configure and send email communications and promotional offers to permission-based email lists provided by its Clients .
In this process , certain PII is stored and managed in MOJO Mail .
This PII is provided by Client to Mediaplex .
Mediaplex does collect general email campaign performance data in order to report aggregated results to Clients .
C. Cookies , Web Beacons , and Log Files
Mediaplex may serve online advertising as part of its Mediaplex Services .
In doing so , Mediaplex may use Log files , Web beacons or Cookies on your computer and will use Non-PII collected as part of the Mediaplex Services to serve online advertisements for the Client .
`` Log files '' track actions occurring on websites and collect data , which may include your IP address , browser type , Internet service provider , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , click data and types of advertisements viewed .
`` Web beacons '' are electronic files used to track your data , which may include the navigation of a website or collection of sites , the completion of transactions , submittal of applications and browsing behavior .
`` Cookies '' are files ( e.g . HTTP cookies ) that are stored on your Internet enabled device ( which includes your computer , BlackBerry or other PDA ) .
Cookies are used to improve the experience web users have when they see online advertisements .
We may use Cookies to estimate the total reach of an advertising campaign , as well as frequency of display .
This allows Clients to determine with greater accuracy the composition of the audience they reach .
Cookies are also used to control the delivery of a series of advertisements to a web browser , and to limit the number of times a web browser receives any one advertisement .
There are two classes of Cookies based on how long they remain on your system : ( i ) `` Session Cookies '' , if used , are used only during your visit to the Sites and are erased once you close your browser , and ( ii ) `` Persistent Cookies '' remain on your browser for up to 3 years from your last visit to the Sites and enable us to remember you on subsequent visits to the Sites and provide more relevant content to you on such Sites .
There are many misconceptions about cookies , some of which we will try to address in this policy .
Cookies can not erase your hard drive or otherwise damage your computer and do not tell us an e-mail address or any other PII .
Mediaplex does not and can not use cookies , log files or web beacons to retrieve PII from your computer .
Data , including any PII or Non-PII , collected by Mediaplex from the Mediaplex Services shall be defined as `` Information '' .
Mediaplex may , from time to time , provide Information to third-party administrative vendors for efficiency purposes in providing administrative or program management services such as billing , delivery and payouts .
Any such third-party vendor agrees to protect the confidentiality of Information provided by Mediaplex .
Mediaplex may periodically use Information for strategic marketing information and other business related communications .
Please be aware that the websites of our Clients as well as the websites on which we serve advertisements or any third party websites may collect information from you .
Such information may include non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with such websites .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of such websites you visit to determine how they handle any information they collect from you .
Mediaplex also shares data that it collects in the provision of its Services to its related Clients and its affiliated entities for marketing purposes that includes providing advertisements about goods or services likely to be of greater interest to you .
With respect to online behavioral advertising , such Clients and/or affiliated entities may use non-personally identifiable information collected or shared , including , but not limited to providing advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
Typically a cookie or third party web beacon is used to collect this information .
Please note that such data collected and shared pursuant to the above does not include PII ; however , such Clients and affiliated entities may combine such Information with any PII that you may choose to give in registering and transacting with their websites , services or platforms .
Mediaplex may release any Information we hold , when we believe release is appropriate to respond to a subpoena or otherwise to comply with any laws , rules and regulations ; enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Mediaplex , ValueClick , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , or its Clients .
This includes exchanging Information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection .
Mediaplex also reserves the right to share any Non-PII with our affiliated entities , which may be combined with any PII that such affiliated entities have , or in connection with the sale , merger , consolidation , change in control , transfer of substantial asset , or reorganization or liquidation of any of the ValueClick companies .
Mediaplex employs reasonable measures to ensure the security of all Information and we routinely evaluate our practices to identify security threats or opportunities for the improvement of our services .
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
While we strive to protect your data , it may be possible for third parties not under the control of Mediaplex to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
Mediaplex can not ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to us .
You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with Mediaplex .
A. Opting Out of Interest Based Advertising
Mediaplex also offers an `` opt-out Cookie '' to block the placement of future Mediaplex Cookies on your system for 10 years from the time you opted out .
If you have multiple internet browsers or users on the same computer , you will need to perform the opt-out operation for each browser and/or user .
If you or your privacy software deletes the opt-out Cookies from your computer , you will need to repeat the process .
Click Here to Install Mediaplex Opt-out Cookie
Please note that use of the opt-out Cookie will affect Mediaplex 's ability to provide you content and advertisements that will more effectively match your interests , and may prevent us from controlling the frequency with which you may view any particular advertisement .
Please report any problems related to the opt-out process by filling out our Corporate Feedback Form .
Most Internet browsers give you the option of adjusting their settings which allow you to automatically refuse cookies either generally or from specific sites .
To adjust these settings , we suggest that you contact the supplier of you browser and browser add-ons for more information .
B. Opting Out of Email
You can control the email you receive through Mediaplex MOJO Mail .
To opt-out of emails sent by Mediaplex Clients using MOJO Mail :
Click the unsubscribe link that at the bottom of the email .
Reply to the message with `` unsubscribe '' in the Subject line or body of the email .
C. Accessing Consumer Information .
Mediaplex does not maintain a process for an individual consumer to review or change PII collected .
We retain non-personally identifiable information to more effectively match advertisements and website content to your interests for no more than eighteen ( 18 ) months .
Aggregate reports generated from such data may be retained for a longer period .
As the standards governing Internet privacy continue to evolve , Mediaplex may find it appropriate or necessary to update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
As a result , we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page with a date indicating when such Privacy Policy was last updated .
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you use this Website to make sure you understand how your information will be used .
Mediaplex promotes proper Internet practices and full compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 ( 15 U.S.C . 7701 ) which requires advertisers to provide an opt-out mechanism for consumers to unsubscribe from future emails .
Mediaplex does not allow clients to use MOJO Mail to send unsolicited commercial email ( `` UCE '' a/k/a spam ) .
MOJO Mail may only be used for communications to Internet users who have opted-in to receive the Client 's email marketing messages .
FOR EUOPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS
The European Union ( `` EU '' ) maintains strict privacy laws .
These rules differ significantly from U.S. laws .
To reconcile these differences , the U.S. and the EU have created a safe harbor ( U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework ) that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations .
The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor ( U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework ) .
Mediaplex complies with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first fill out our Corporate Feedback Form .
Mediaplex has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
Mediaplex is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
The NAI is a cooperative of online marketing and analytics companies committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards .
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY , THIRD PARTY INFORMATION & LANGUAGE
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER THE PRIVACY OF MEDIAPLEX DATA OR MEDIAPLEX 'S PRACTICES IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE TERMS AND ANY APPLICABLE CONDITIONS AND POLICIES ( WHICH MAY INCLUDE LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND/OR ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES ) .
YOU AGREE THAT MEDIAPLEX 'S LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE VALUE OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY MEDIAPLEX OR $ 250 TO THE EXTENT SUCH CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE BARRED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES AND THAT ANY ACTION ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS POLICY WILL BE EXCLUSIVELY VENUED IN A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITUATED IN EITHER SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY OR LOS ANGELES COUNTY , CALIFORNIA .
It is the express will of the parties that this agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English .
C'est la volont expresse des parties que la prsente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rdigs en anglais .
For more information or if you have questions or concerns regarding the Mediaplex Privacy Policy , please fill out our Corporate Feedback Form or you can send correspondence to the following address : Mediaplex , Attn : Privacy Officer , 30699 Russell Ranch Road , Suite 250 , Westlake Village , CA 91362 .

MedicineNet Privacy Policy Summary
MedicineNet , Inc. - Owned and Operated by WebMD and part of the WebMD Network
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices .
This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :
What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information
How to contact us with questions or concerns
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information .
Information Collected About You
We may collect `` Personal Information '' about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :
When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ;
When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ;
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ;
When you use our `` Email a Friend '' service ;
When you participate in an online survey ; or
When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum .
We may collect `` Non-Personal Information '' information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD .
Read more about Information Collected About You
What Choices Do I Have
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information .
If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information , you should delete your information as described in this Policy .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD .
Read more about `` What Choices Do I Have ? `` , `` Cookies '' and `` TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices ''
How Information Collected About You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you to :
Administer your account ;
Provide you with access to particular tools and services ;
Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ;
Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ;
Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ;
Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ;
Conduct research and measurement activities ; or
Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Read more about How Information Collected About You Is Used
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or :
To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ;
To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or
In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others .
WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes .
Read more about With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information
We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect .
Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ?
Please contact send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the `` WebMD Web Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or `` App '' ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to `` WebMD '' mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
`` Personal Information '' means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the `` Watch This Discussion '' link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the `` My Profile '' section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the `` from '' email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums
WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
`` Non-Personal Information '' means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
`` Cookies '' are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
`` Web Beacons '' are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may `` Opt-out '' of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The `` opt-out Cookies '' are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the `` TRUSTe Window '' ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled `` Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites . ''
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :
administer your account ,
provide you with access to particular tools and services ,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services ,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings ,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened ,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and
conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an `` opt-in '' authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses `` Changes to This Privacy Policy . ''
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( `` Third Party Web Sites '' ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as `` Powered by '' or `` in association with '' followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Education Center on WebMD .
WebMD is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date : May 06 , 2013
2013 WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .

The WebMD Health Professional Network Privacy Policy
Services and Web Sites Covered
This policy describes what information may be collected about you when you use the services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network ( as defined below ) , how this information may be used , how you can control how your information is used and what precautions are taken against unauthorized access or use of your information .
The services made available through the WebMD Health Professional Network may be provided in a variety of mediums and devices now known or hereinafter developed including mobile applications , and include without limitation news , reference tools and applications , sponsored programming , personalized content , continuing medical education , communication tools and discussion boards ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
You should read the privacy policy of each website that you visit after you leave any of the WebMD Health Professional Network websites .
We are not responsible for how other websites treat your privacy once you leave one of our websites .
The WebMD Health Professional Network is comprised of several websites : medscape.com , medscape.org and theheart.org ( referred to collectively as the `` Professional Sites '' ) , including any mobile optimized versions of the Professional Sites and the Medscape Mobile Device Application ( `` Medscape Mobile '' ) .
These properties are owned and operated by our affiliated companies .
For example , WebMD LLC owns and operates medscape.com and Medscape Mobile , and Medscape , LLC owns and operates medscape.org and theheart.org .
References to `` WebMD '' in this Privacy Policy mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD controls ( for example a subsidiary that it owns ) and references to `` Medscape '' mean Medscape , LLC , including any company that Medscape controls .
We refer to the Professional Sites that WebMD operates as the `` WebMD Sites '' and the Professional Sites that Medscape operates as the `` Medscape Sites . ''
Reference to `` we '' or `` our '' means WebMD and Medscape .
We may share information among the subsidiaries of WebMD Health Corp. ( our parent company ) and the respective Professional Sites that we each own or control , but it is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
As this Privacy Policy changes in significant ways , we will take steps to inform you of the changes .
Minor changes to this Privacy Policy may occur that will not significantly affect the ways in which we each use your personally identifiable information .
In these instances , we may not inform you of such minor changes .
When this Privacy Policy changes in a way that significantly affects the way we handle personal information , we will not apply the new Policy to information we have previously collected from you without giving you a choice as to whether or not we can apply the new Policy to your information going forward .
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the different types of information that we may collect about you , and the ways in which such information may be collected .
Information We Collect from Unregistered Visitors
You must register to access all of the Services , however , you may be able to access certain limited areas of the Services without disclosing any personally identifiable information .
We collect non-personally identifiable information ( i.e. , information that is not traced back to any individual and is not used on its own to identify an individual ) about your use of the Services through the use of cookies , even if you have not registered , including the referring website , if applicable , the type of browser you use , and the time and date that you accessed the Services .
The section of this Privacy Policy entitled `` Cookies and Web Beacons , '' below , further describes how we use cookies and how you can limit our use of cookies .
Information We Collect When You Register
When you register for the Services , you are asked to provide identifying information such as your name , e-mail address , zip code , and other professional information ( e.g. , specialty ) .
You will also be given a choice about whether or not you want to receive newsletters and other information sent to registered users from time to time .
If you are required to provide additional personally identifiable information to access a particular component of the Services , or if we would like to use personally identifiable information that you have previously provided in a manner not otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy , we will explain how we intend to use such personally identifiable information at the time of collection and will require your consent at that time to any such collection and use .
When you participate in a Continuing Medical Education ( CME ) or a Continuing Education ( CE ) activity through the Services , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and mailing address .
In addition to personally identifiable information , aggregated non-personally identifiable information about the activities undertaken by CME/CE participants is recorded .
Information that you provide in connection with your participation in CME/CE activities , either when registering or requesting credit , may be used in several ways :
Medscape is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education ( ACCME ) the American Nurses Credentialing Center , and the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education to provide continuing education to physicians , nurses and pharmacists , respectively .
As an accredited entity , Medscape is required to periodically submit aggregated data about CME/CE participants and the CME/ CE activities that Medscape certifies .
Medscape also provides personally identifiable information to other accredited CME/CE providers who certify CME/CE activities offered through the Services , as necessary for their fulfillment of their reporting obligations to the ACCME and other accrediting bodies .
These reports may include personally identifiable information about you and credits issued to you , for the purpose of maintaining records that you can request from the accredited provider for up to six ( 6 ) years ; and
Supporters of CME/CE activities will receive only aggregated data about CME/CE activities that they support .
The Medscape editorial staff has access to files containing personally identifiable information , including evaluation forms and aggregated CME /CE participant information .
These files can be accessed in order to respond to your questions or comments .
Medscape may also use personally identifiable information , including registration information and evaluation data , in assessing educational needs and evaluating its education activities .
Information from Outside Sources
We may collect additional information about registered users from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services .
For example , we use such information to verify and update registration information and confirm licensure status .
Discussion Boards : When you post a message to a discussion board , your basic profile will be available for all registered users to see .
This basic profile consists of your name , specialty and geographic information .
You may , at your option , choose to display additional information in your profile .
You should not post any information about you or any other person ( including any patient ) to a discussion board or other public forum if you want to keep such information private or you are required by law to keep such information private .
Information you post to discussion boards is considered public information and may be used by us and third parties , as further described in the WebMD Health Professional Network Terms of Use .
Tools : Clinical tools may be available through the Services .
These tools may require you to provide information for the tools to operate .
These tools may store information that you provide on our servers .
Additional Forms and Emails : We may also ask you to provide additional information after you register if you want to obtain additional services or information or to resolve complaints or concerns .
Market Research : From time to time , you may be invited to participate in a sponsored or unsponsored market research survey through an email invitation , on-site pop-up or some other means .
The survey may be administered by one of our companies or a third party market research company .
When participating in such a survey , in addition to providing your responses to the survey questions you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may be combined with information that you have already provided at registration or that we have received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy .
The section of this Privacy Policy entitled `` Uses and Disclosures We Make of Your Information , '' below , describes how we use and disclose information about your participation in market research surveys offered through the Services .
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Services through the use of cookies .
A cookie is a small data file that your browser allows us to place on your hard drive so we can associate you with the device you are using .
We may assign cookies to devices that accesses the Services to : ( i ) track usage across the Professional Sites and Services ; ( ii ) help us dynamically generate advertising and content to users of the Services ; and ( iii ) assess which Professional Site pages and Services you access .
If you are a registered user of the WebMD Health Professional Network , we may elect to associate your registration information with our cookies .
Associating a cookie with your registration data allows us to provide more customized content , including advertisements , and enhance personalization and functionality of the Services .
As discussed below , when you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation , and that random number is used in a manner similar to our use of cookies .
Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , websites that are cookie-enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website , and some website functionality may be lost .
The Help section of your browser will tell you about your options for managing your cookies .
We may use web beacons and cookies to serve you targeted advertisements when you visit other websites owned and operated by WebMD .
We may also use web beacons to track who has opened our emails .
Web beacons are tiny graphic image files , embedded in a website page that notify the home server ( which can belong to the host website , a network advertiser , or some other third party ) on a non-personally identifiable basis that some interaction has taken place .
This notice may also result in a cookie being set on your device , as described above .
WebMD contracts with third parties whose web beacons may be placed on the WebMD Sites to assist WebMD in targeting its advertising that is served to you on websites that are not owned and operated by WebMD .
These web beacons place cookies on your browser in order to enable these third parties to collect non-personally identifiable information about you .
These third parties have agreed not to use any non-personally identifiable information that they may collect through their use of these cookies except to deliver advertisements on our behalf .
If your browser is set to reject cookies , this non-personally identifiable information will not be sent to these third parties .
Also , in connection with its sale of advertising , WebMD may allow a third party to place a cookie on your browser to enable advertisers to recognize your browser on a non-personally identifiable basis in order to deliver an advertisement to you when you visit a WebMD Site .
These advertisers are not permitted to collect any information based on your visits to a WebMD Site .
Sponsors or advertisers that market to you through our Services may use their own cookies , web beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served to you .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve these ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies or web beacons .
We do not control these third parties ' use of cookies or web beacons , or how they manage the non-personally identifiable information they gather through them .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who we authorize to collect cookie or web beacon information through the Services to agree that they will not collect any personally identifiable information about you from your use of the Services through these means .
Further , they have agreed that they will not link any non-personal cookie or web beacon information that they collect from your use of the Services to personally identifiable information that they or others collect in other ways or from other websites except as may be described in connection with a particular program or except as you may have agreed with the third party placing the cookie or web beacon .
Certain Ad Servers and third party firms that facilitate the serving of advertisements based on your browsing activities on the Internet allow you to prevent them from collecting data or serving advertisements through the use of their cookies .
In order to do so , you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual website .
Currently , you can opt-out of Cookies for several Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out website .
This website will also allow you to review the privacy policies of these Ad Servers and marketing analytics firms .
The websites on the WebMD Health Professional Network do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
When you download and install Medscape Mobile onto your mobile device , we assign a random number to your installation .
We can not use this number to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of Medscape Mobile .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of Medscape Mobile itself and not a browser , because Medscape Mobile does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through your device settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for purposes similar to the purposes for which we use cookies , as described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Medscape Mobile .
Also , if you do become a registered user of Medscape Mobile , we will use your registration information as described in this Privacy Policy to provide the Services to you through Medscape Mobile .
We do not obtain any information about your mobile device ( through the random number , your registration information or otherwise ) other than its brand , make and model and the type of operating software that it uses .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The Professional Sites and Services are designed and intended for use by adults , and are not intended for , nor designed to be used by children under the age of 18 .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is under the age of 18 .
Uses and Disclosures We Make of Information
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we identify the ways we may use information about you that we have collected .
In general , the personally identifiable information that you provide in connection with the Services will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized .
We create aggregate data about users of our Services for product development and improvement activities .
We also use it for market analysis .
We may provide information about users of our Services in aggregate form to third parties .
For example , WebMD may tell a client what percentage of registered users of the WebMD Health Professional Network reside in a particular geographical area or specialize in a particular clinical area , or what percentage of participants in a market research survey selected a particular response to a survey question .
When aggregated information is provided to a third party , it is pooled with many individual records and stripped of any data that could be used to identify an individual .
Any third party that receives aggregated information must agree not to attempt to re-identify the people it belongs to .
Depending on our agreement with the third party , we may or may not charge for this information .
WebMD may target its advertising and marketing ( e.g. , through e-mail and on-site communications ) based on information that you provide when you register for the Services and information that it receives from third party sources .
For example , a user that WebMD knows is a cardiologist may be served cardiology-related advertisements on both WebMD-owned and third party websites that a neurologist will not see , or a user that WebMD knows is a healthcare professional who treats diabetes may be served advertisements for new diabetes therapies that other users would not see ( although in neither case will the advertiser have access to any personally identifiable information about you ) .
WebMD serves these ads through the use of cookies and web beacons , as described above .
Additionally , WebMD may geographically target its advertising to registered and unregistered users based on IP address .
WebMD may also personalize the Services and the advertising that registered users see on the WebMD Sites based on their interests .
For example , you may see different articles and advertisements in different places on medscape.com based on information you have shared with WebMD such as your specialty , information that WebMD has obtained by observing your previous activity within the WebMD Professional Network , or information that WebMD has received from third party sources , as described in this Privacy Policy .
In addition to aggregate information ( discussed previously ) , we each may each share some kinds of personally identifiable information with third parties as described below .
Other Companies : We have strategic relationships with other companies who offer products and services through the Services .
When you are interacting with one of these companies , a different privacy policy may apply and will be presented to you at such time .
Companies and People Who Work for Us : We each contract with other companies and individuals to help us provide our respective services .
For example , we may host some of our Professional Sites on another company 's computers , hire technical consultants to maintain any Web-based clinical tools , work with companies to remove repetitive information from customer lists , analyze data , provide marketing assistance ( including assisting us in targeting our advertisements as described herein ) , or provide customer service or fulfillment services .
In addition , if you are a healthcare professional , we may request that a third party validate your licensure status and other information against available databases of healthcare professionals .
In order to provide these services , these other companies may have limited access to some of the personally identifiable information we maintain about users of our Services .
We require all such companies to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy , to limit their access to any personal information to the minimum necessary to perform their obligations , and not to use the information they may access for purposes other than fulfilling their responsibilities to us .
Market Research : From time to time , we may invite you to participate in sponsored or unsponsored market research surveys as further described above .
We may provide aggregate information from the survey results to third parties including the survey sponsor , if applicable .
If you receive remuneration for participating in a sponsored survey , we may be required to provide the sponsor with personally identifiable information about you for its recordkeeping and regulatory reporting purposes .
We will not provide any sponsor with your survey responses on an identifiable basis unless we obtain your consent prior to your participation in the survey .
If you participate in a survey administered by a third party market research company , this company may identify you when you participate in the survey .
We require these companies to agree that they will not provide the survey sponsor with personally identifiable information about you based on your participation in the survey , nor will they market to you based on such participation .
Sponsored Programs : When you use WebMD 's Services through a WebMD Site , newsletter , Medscape Mobile or other means , you may be presented with advertisements and opportunities to engage in industry-sponsored informational programs consisting of sponsor-selected materials ( `` Sponsored Programs '' ) .
All advertisements and Sponsored Programs ( including any links to Sponsored Programs ) will be identified to you by the label Advertisement , Information from Industry , Sponsored , WebMD Professional or some similar designation indicating that the content has been selected by a third-party sponsor .
Examples of Sponsored Programs include information resources featuring branded or unbranded commercial content , interactive programs that provide information about medical conditions , treatments and products , multi-media presentations including video featuring a key opinion leader and safety and regulatory information resources .
We may make Sponsored Programs available to you through email or on-site media units , all of which will be identified as described above .
When you choose to engage in a Sponsored Program , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information ( e.g. , postal address , telephone number , e-mail address , etc . ) which may be used to supplement information about you that we have already received during member registration .
In addition , we may collect information in connection with a transaction that you have requested ( e.g. , sample request , sales rep visit , etc . ) , responses to Sponsored Program questions , and/or gift requests and issuance .
Even if you do not provide us with personally identifiable information , we collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of Sponsored Programs through cookies and web beacons , as described above .
The personally identifiable information that you provide when you engage in a Sponsored Program will be used to provide the services you have requested or authorized , respond to your questions , provide you the specific services you select and to send you emails about new programs and selected information from our sponsors as it relates to your specialty or area of clinical practice .
You may also receive invitations to engage in other Sponsored Programs from the same sponsor .
When you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services , whether on a WebMD Site or Medscape Mobile , in a newsletter or through some other means , and when you engage in a Sponsored Program , e.g. , access a sponsored information resource or open a Sponsored Program e-mail from WebMD Professional , WebMD may identify you by name to the sponsor of the advertisement or Sponsored Program and/or its agents on the sponsor 's behalf , as well as to potential sponsors of advertisements and Sponsored Programs that may be provided to you through the Services .
We may also provide such third parties with your specialty and country where you reside , based on your registration profile .
We will not provide these third parties with your personal contact information such as email or postal address .
We are not responsible for how these third parties use your information and manage your privacy .
Further , we may use non-personally identifiable information for research purposes , and we may provide this information in the aggregate to third parties .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of a Sponsored Program and the activities they conduct while engaged in the Program .
Business Transfers : If one of us transfers a business unit ( such as a subsidiary ) or an asset ( such as a website ) to another company , that company will be required to honor the applicable terms of this Privacy Policy .
Legal Requirements : We may release account and other personally identifiable information when we believe release ( 1 ) is required to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) is reasonable in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party , we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law , court order or government instruction .
Consent : We may release personally identifiable information to a third party in accordance with your consent , subject to the purposes and limits that we disclose when we request your consent .
For example , when you choose to participate in a Sponsored Program , we may provide certain personally identifiable information to the sponsor of such program and to potential sponsors of programs , as further described above .
If we discover that a third party inadvertently disclosed personally identifiable information about any of our users , we will take immediate action to prevent further occurrences .
In this section of our Privacy Policy , we discuss the security measures we take to protect information that we have collected about you .
We have implemented technology and security policies , rules and other measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access , improper use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction , and accidental loss .
We also protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the processing of your data respect your confidentiality .
We use security methods to determine the identity of registered users , so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for that user .
Reliable verification of user identity is called authentication .
We use both passwords and usernames to authenticate users .
Users are responsible for maintaining their own passwords .
Employees are required to keep your information private , as a condition of their employment with us .
Only selected , authorized employees are permitted to access health information .
All employees and contractors must abide by our Privacy Policy , and those who violate that policy are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination of their employment and legal action .
Access to Information and Choices
In this section of this Privacy Policy , we tell you how to obtain and correct information we have about you , and how to choose what types of information you may share with us .
Correction of Information We Have About You
If you believe that there are errors in the registration information associated with your account , you may edit your personal profile any time that you like .
You can directly edit your user profile on the Professional Site on which you initially registered .
Requests for deletion of your record may result in your removal from the registry , but we may keep certain demographic information about you for product improvement purposes .
You may contact Customer Support and ask for the changes that you would like to make .
Use of your Information Outside of the EEA
WebMD and Medscape are located in the United States .
We will collect , store , and process information about your use of the Services in countries outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) as necessary for our legitimate business purposes .
By using the Services , you consent to such collection , storage and processing outside of the EEA .
We will take reasonable steps to ensure your information is adequately protected .
Privacy Questions or Concerns
Our terms of use agreements can be found here .
Effective date : December 20 , 2013

Meetup Privacy Policy Statement
Revision date : May 23 , 2010
Below is our our revised Privacy Policy , which has been updated to reflect our current service offerings .
In general , we have added references to a new product called `` Meetup Everywhere . ''
The changes to our Privacy Policy are highlighted below .
Protecting your privacy is a serious matter and doing so is very important to us .
Please read this Privacy Policy statement ( the `` Policy '' ) to learn more about our Privacy Policy .
This Policy describes the information we collect from you and what may happen to that information , and only applies to such information .
This Policy applies to all sites under the meetup.com domain .
We collect the following information about you and your use of our Website , Platform and service ( together , our `` Platform '' ) in order to create a better , more personalized experience for you :
a nickname selected by you or assigned by us , your email address , your name ( if provided ) a password selected by you , your zip code ; and
1.1.2. for each Meetup Group or Meetup Everywhere in which you participate , you may choose to create and store a short description or statement which will be viewed by anyone who is accessing that Meetup Group or Meetup Everywhere , and your message board postings .
1.1.3. for purposes of this Policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' means information that could be used to identify your personally ( such as your email address or IP address ) , which has not been previously or subsequently disclosed by you on the public areas of our website or in messages you send to your Meetup Group Mailing Lists or Meetup Everywhere emails .
We automatically track certain basic information about our members ( such as internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , click patterns , etc . ) .
We use this information to do internal research on our members ' usage patterns , demographics , interests and general behavior to better understand and serve you and our community .
We currently contract with online partners to help manage and optimize our business and communications .
We use the services of a site analytics partner to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site .
To do this , we use web beacons and cookies provided by our site analytics partner on this site .
A `` cookie '' is a piece of data stored on your computer that is tied to information about you .
The type of information collected includes the URL you came from and go to , your browser information , and IP address , and helps us learn how to improve our service .
No information shared with our site analytics partner is directly linked to your Personally Identifiable Information .
If you wish to opt-out of these website analysis tools , you may do so here .
For our members ' convenience , we also use `` cookies '' to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session and to provide for an easier registration process .
If you configure your browser or otherwise choose to reject the cookies , you may still use our site .
However , to best experience our website and Platform and most easily use our Platform you must have cookies enabled .
Our use of cookies is consistent with the rights and restrictions set forth in Section 2 .
We may collect information such as postings you make on the public areas of our website , messages you send to the Meetup Group Mailing List or Meetup Everywhere emails , messages you send to us , and correspondence we receive from other members or third parties about your activities or postings on our website .
Our use of this information is consistent with the rights and restrictions set forth in Section 2 .
We use the information we collect about you ( including your Personally Identifiable Information ) to create a better , more personalized experience for you based on your individual usage habits , improve our marketing and promotional efforts , analyze site usage , improve our content and product offerings , and customize our site 's content , layout and Services .
These uses improve our site and allow us to better customize it to meet your needs .
We also use the information we collect about you to resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , and enforce our Terms of Service Agreement .
We may compile the information we collect about you and use it , in an aggregate form only , in the negotiation and establishment of service agreements with public and/or private enterprises under which such enterprises will serve as Meetup partners or as venues for meetings between our members ( `` Meetups '' ) .
We may use for promotional , sales or any use that we consider appropriate your correspondence with us or photographs submitted for publication on our website , be it via email , postings on our website , or feedback via the member polls .
Our use of such materials is consistent with the restrictions on disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information set forth in Section 3 .
Disclosure of Your Information
WITHOUT YOUR AFFIRMATIVE CONSENT ( ON A CASE-BY-CASE BASIS ) , WE DO NOT SELL , RENT OR OTHERWISE SHARE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH OTHER THIRD PARTIES , UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED AS DESCRIBED BELOW UNDER `` REQUIRED DISCLOSURES '' .
TO THE EXTENT WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH OUR PARTNERS AND ADVERTISERS , WE SHARE ONLY AGGREGATED OR OTHERWISE NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT IS NOT LINKED TO YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION .
Aggregated information that we may share with our marketing partners includes , but is not limited to , information showing the relative popularity of one Meetup venue over another , or the popularity of certain Meetup topics .
You should understand that information you provide through the registration process or post to the public areas of our website , or through the use of our Platform ( including your name ( if provided ) and location information ) may be accessible by and made public through syndication programs and by search engines , metasearch tools , crawlers , metacrawlers and other similar programs .
Though we make every effort to preserve member privacy , we may need to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information when required by law or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on our website , ( b ) enforce this Policy or the Terms of Service Agreement , ( c ) respond to claims that your Personal Information violates the rights of third parties ; or ( d ) protect the rights , property or personal safety of Meetup , its members and the public .
You authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate , in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability .
Communications from Meetup and Members of the Meetup Community
Communication from Meetup and Members of the Meetup Community are governed by Sections 7.1 and 7.2 of our Terms of Service .
You may manage your subscriptions to all Meetup Communications in the Communication Preferences tab of the Your Account page .
Reviewing , Updating , Deleting and Deactivating Personal Information
After registration for our Platform and for specific topic groups , Meetup Groups or Meetup Everywheres , we provide a way to update your Personally Identifiable Information .
Upon your request , we will deactivate your account and remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our active databases .
Upon our receipt of your request , we will deactivate your account and remove your Personally Identifiable Information as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law .
Nonetheless , we will retain in our files information you may have requested us to remove if , in our discretion , retention of the information is necessary to resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems or to enforce the Terms of Service Agreement .
Furthermore , your information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints ( for example , we will not remove your information from our back up storage ) .
We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy statement under which the information was collected .
If we make any material changes in our privacy practices , we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying you and our other members of the change .
In some cases where we post a notice we will also email you and other members who have opted to receive communications from us , notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices .
However , if you have deleted/deactivated your account , then you will not be contacted , nor will your previously collected personal information be used in this new manner .
If the change to this Policy would change how your Personally Identifiable Information is treated , then the change will not apply to you without your affirmative consent .
However , if after a period of thirty ( 30 ) days you have not consented to the change in the Policy , your account will be automatically suspended until such time as you may choose to consent to the Policy change .
Until such consent , your personal information will be treated under the Policy terms in force when you began your membership .
Any other change to this Policy ( i.e. , if it does not change how we treat your Personally Identifiable Information ) will become are effective after we provide you with at least thirty ( 30 ) days notice of the changes and provide notice of the changes as described above .
You must notify us within this 30 day period if you do not agree to the changes to the Policy and wish to deactivate your account as provided under Section 5 .
Any dispute , claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Policy or previous Privacy Policy statements shall be resolved through negotiation , mediation and arbitration as provided under our Terms of Service Agreement .
If members have any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy , please contact the Secretary of Meetup using postal mail or email , as follows :
632 Broadway , 10th Floor
New York , NY 10012
This Privacy Policy is governed by the terms of the Meetup Terms of Service Agreement , including but not limited to Section 17 of such Terms of Service Agreement .

Mega Millions respects absolutely the privacy of every person visiting our website .
Personal Information and IP Addresses
Mega Millions will not collect any personal information about you ( i.e. , your name , address , telephone number , or email address ) unless you provide it to us voluntarily .
If you have access to the Internet , your computer automatically has an Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address .
We use IP addresses to gather information to track the number of visitors to our website and to identify our most popular pages so we can improve site content .
The only ways we can obtain your personal information are if you submit it to us through one of our interactive forms or send us a general inquiry or feedback .
While visiting our website , you may want to send Mega Millions an email or request that we call you .
If so , we may ask you to provide your name , the subject of your question or comment , and your email address or telephone number .
This information is used solely to fulfill your online request .
Mega Millions does not seek to share this information with any other entity .
Information Collected and How It Is Used
If you do nothing during your visit to the Mega Millions website but browse or download information , we automatically collect and store the following information about your visit :
The Internet Domain and IP address from which you accessed our site .
The type of browser and operating system you used .
The date and time you visited our site .
The pages visited .
If you linked from another website , the address of that website .
The information collected is used to improve the content of our web services and help us understand how people are using our pages .
We analyze our website logs to continually improve the value of the materials available on our site .
The information in our web logs is not personally viewable and no attempt is made to link it with individuals who browse our website .
If during your visit to the Mega Millions website you send an email message , we collect your email address and the contents of the message you sent us .
We use your email address to respond to you .
Except as specified above , Mega Millions does not collect personal information .
Mega Millions does not seek to share , sell or trade email addresses , information collected in surveys or in our guest book , or any other information about our online visitors .
However , Mega Millions will disclose user information if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against an individual who attempts , even unintentionally , to gain unauthorized access to Mega Millions information or to disrupt our website .
When you visit the Mega Millions website and request information , this site 's server sends the request to you and then breaks the connection .
The connection does not resume again until you perform another function .
To ensure that we maintain the connection between our server and your computer for the duration of an online transaction , we may use a standard web technology called `` cookies . ''
A `` cookie '' is a very small amount of data that is sent from our server to your computer 's hard drive .
`` Cookies '' allow us to save the information that you input while progressing through an online transaction .
If your browser is not configured to accept `` cookies , '' you still will be able to access the information on our website .
No user information is gathered through `` cookies '' on our website .
We maintain security standards and procedures regarding unauthorized access to ensure that the Mega Millions website remains available to all users and to prevent unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage to the site .
Information on individuals causing , or attempting to cause , damage to the website will be traced and released to the appropriate legal authorities to investigate suspected or actual criminal activity .
For your convenience the Mega Millions website may provide links to other sites .
However , Mega Millions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the websites to which we link .
When you link to another site you are no longer on the Mega Millions website , and this Privacy Statement will not apply .
When you link to another website , you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site .
If you have questions or concerns about a site to which we link , please read the privacy and security information for that site .
Mega Millions does not warrant the accuracy , reliability or timeliness of any information published on the Mega Millions website or any site to which we link , nor endorse any content , viewpoint , product or service linked from this system and shall not be liable for any loss caused by reliance on the accuracy , reliability or timeliness of such information .
Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current .
Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk .

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective November 9 , 2010 .
( Effective November 9 , 2010 )
The singular term `` Website '' includes all websites listed above and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent , mirror , replacement , substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Website .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , including our successors , parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , and related companies , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , address , email address , and phone number when registering with our Website , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Mac OS , etc . ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc . ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
We may share or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners , list rental/purchasing agencies , and persons or entities with whom we have marketing , business , or other relationships .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
Whether or not you opt-out is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
( 1 ) IP Addresses :
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 ) Cookies , etc . :
`` Cookies '' are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website and third-party content providers that serve content on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 3 ) Email Communications :
If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future commercial email communications from us by following the instructions at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
( 4 ) Transfer of Assets :
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 5 ) Other :
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 6 ) Your California Privacy Rights :
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
We may provide you with the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information , either by registering on the Website or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by our third party affiliates .
The information requested as part of the online registration process may include your telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional information may be requested for specific promotions .
Depending on the promotion , we may also collect an email address or other contact information , and you may also be required to confirm your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
If you register for wireless marketing services , you understand and agree that you will be charged by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to a your wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
You may cancel one or more services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` UNSUBSCRIBE . ''
We will then terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service sent to you .
If you unsubscribe , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
You understand , acknowledge and agree that we may , in our sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
We may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website

We are committed to protecting your privacy and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of our services .
Who are we and how to contact us ?
Hearst Rodale UK Limited ( Hearst-Rodale ) has its head office at :
72 , Broadwick Street , London , W1F 9EP .
The company is registered in England 00519122 , VAT Registration GB 626 914 329 .
1.What information do we collect from you ?
1.1 How we collect Personal Data
1.2 Anonymous data collected via technology
1.3 Personal Data that we collect from you about others
2.How will we use the information we collect ?
3.Do we share your Personal Data with other companies ?
4.Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details up-to-date
6.Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure ?
7.Access to your Personal Data
8.Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
9.Changes to this Privacy Policy
What information do we collect from you
Hearst Rodale collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our sites or when you send us information or communications .
Personal Data means data that allows someone to identify you , including , for example , your name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , e-mail address , as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to , or could be linked to , any of the foregoing data .
Anonymous Data means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data ; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons .
We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data , as described below .
1.1 How we collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data from you , such as your name , contact details , country of residence , zip code or post code , gender , and/or birth date when you register on one of our sites or when you choose to use the various services we provide on our sites .
We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily , when , for instance , you make a purchase , respond to surveys and questionnaires , or enter a competition .
If you provide us feedback regarding our sites or services via e-mail , we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply .
In order to improve our services to you , we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys .
We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data .
If you do not wish to participate in a survey , however , simply decline to participate when asked .
1.2 Anonymous Data Collected via Technology
To make our services more useful to you , we use technological means to collect Personal Data from you , including the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
We also use cookies or clear GIFs to collect Personal Data from you about your use of our sites or e-mails we send you .
You expressly consent to our use of cookies and clear GIFs when you use our services .
An `` IP Address '' is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet .
In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider , your IP address probably varies from session to session .
We track IP addresses solely in conjunction with session cookies to analyse our Web page flow .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing a Web site .
Hearst Rodale uses both session cookies ( which expire once you close your Web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our sites .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can disable this function by changing the cookie profile on your computer 's Web browser .
If you disable your cookies , however , you will not have access to certain features of our sites such as `` Remember My Password '' or interactive quizzes .
We do not store any Personal Data in cookies on your computer ( other than the cookie itself ) .
`` Clear GIFs '' are clear electronic images that are used to track your movements on our sites .
They help us to determine whether content on our sites is effective .
We also use clear GIFs in HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails have been opened and acted upon by recipients ( including any persons to which the e-mails have been forwarded ) .
Clear GIFs on our sites collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the clear GIF resides .
This information helps us assess the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns .
1.3 Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to join any of our services , we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend 's or family member 's e-mail address in order to send their e-mail .
We will always ask your permission to mention your name when contacting your friend or family member .
This information is used once only and is not saved in our database , unless they have entered a competition or other promotion in which case their e-mail address is stored only for that purpose .
If you decide to invite a friend or family member to become involved we will collect and save their e-mail address into our database , along with their contact preferences , as we would for anyone who registers on our sites .
How will we use the information we collect
Hearst Rodale uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customised Web experience and to provide services to you .
Such services include sending you marketing messages if you have given us permission to do so , processing your answers to quizzes , and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you .
We also use Personal Data for customer service messages , to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests .
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information ( such as your name ) that makes the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users ' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation .
Hearst Rodale reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties at its discretion , in aggregate form .
If you elect to receive communications from us we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our sites or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties .
Do we share your Personal Data with other companies
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and in our Privacy Notices where you give us your consent , we do not sell , trade , or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties .
However , we will share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request , such as to charge your credit card ( if authorised by you ) , fill your order , and deliver promotional e-mails .
These third parties are required under contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Hearst Rodale and to guarantee to our satisfaction that they have sufficient processes in place to ensure the security of your data whilst it is in their care .
You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the purpose of providing services to you .
If you send a testimonial or comment to us , we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials .
We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials , if provided .
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data ( as described below ) , Hearst Rodale may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) protect or defend the rights or property of Hearst Rodale or users of our services .
Hearst Rodale is a company with subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under a common control ( collectively , affiliates ) .
These affiliates include , but are not limited to , Hearst-Rodale , netdoctor.com , handbag.com .
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these affiliates , in which case we will require our affiliates to honour this Privacy Policy .
If an affiliate or another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy and the terms under which you submitted your data .
If you provide Hearst Rodale with your contact details and agree to receive promotional messages , we may share your details with our affiliates or other third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties ; however , we allow you to opt out at any time of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for the purpose of sending you relevant information .
If you would like to cease receiving these communications , you may unsubscribe by logging into Edit My Profile and updating your preferences .
Changing your mind about marketing messages and keeping your details-up-to-date
We offer you choices regarding the collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Data .
You may proactively make such choices by visiting Edit My Profile .
When you register on one of our sites , we will ask you if you want to receive future communications from us .
You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by ticking the box located on the registration form .
Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us , you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by going to My Profile .
If at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us , login to your account .
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
You may change any of your contact information in your account online by visiting Edit My Profile .
Be sure to include your full name and address in your opt-out request , in order to allow us to process your request .
Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives .
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Policy or on this website , only Hearst Rodale and its affiliate companies collect Personal Data through the services provided solely by Hearst Rodale ; this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services .
When you click on advertisements or links on Hearst Rodale sites , you will leave that site and go to another site .
During this process , a third party ( including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser ) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you , such as the URL you just came from , the URL you go to next , your browser type , and your IP address .
Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site ( or the contents of the site ) .
We have no control over , we do not review , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to , these other companies , sites , or content , or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement of or link to a third party .
Where is your information processed and how do we keep your Personal Data secure
Your Personal Data may be processed both in and outside of your own country .
When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the UK and processed under the terms of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 which stem from European Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC respectively .
If you are not in agreement please do not add your personal details on any of our sites .
We may need to transfer your data outside the UK ( and possibly to places outside the European Economic Area ) and by using Hearst Rodale sites you consent to us transferring any such data in this way .
However any company outside the EEA to whom we transfer data is contractually bound to protect your personal data .
Hearst Rodale and affiliates are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access , use , or disclosure .
On most of our sites , Hearst Rodale enables the use of Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology and Verisign Site ID , the industry leaders in providing secure communication over the Internet .
We also offer industry-standard secured-server transactions that encrypt your Personal Data when collecting your credit card information for online purchases .
To verify that you have a secure server connection , look for the locked padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser window or the HTTPS-prefix in the URL .
Hearst Rodale has implemented other industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data .
We store Personal Data behind a computer firewall , a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers .
We may also require you to enter a password to access your account information .
In addition , Hearst Rodale protects your Personal Data from unauthorised physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility .
Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , Hearst Rodale limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons ( including employees and contractors ) in Hearst Rodale 's organisation who have a business need for such access and those persons are under contract to keep your data secure .
Even though Hearst Rodale has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted , accessed , used , or disclosed by unauthorised persons , you should know that Hearst Rodale can not eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data .
Access to your Personal Data
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date .
If you wish to see the information we hold about you , please contact us in writing :
The Data Protection Compliance Officer
Hearst Rodale UK Limited
72 Broadwick Street ,
London , W1F 9EP
We are entitled by law to charge a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
We are also legally obliged to request you to provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data .
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy
Hearst Rodale welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy .
We will do our best to address your concerns .
If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely , we invite you to let us know for further investigation .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If we make material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share your Personal Data , we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us , by writing to your last known postal address and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our sites .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services .
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail and postal address .
In the event that the last e-mail or postal address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our despatch of the e-mail or letter containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us .

Meredith Online Privacy Policy
Effective Date : October 1 , 2013
Online Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights
Welcome ! This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of websites , interactive services and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Corporation or our affiliates ( collectively , `` Meredith , '' `` we '' or `` us '' ) and that display an authorized link to this policy ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
This Online Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect online through the Services .
Please click here to see our separate Offline Privacy Policy .
By using any of our Services , you agree that this Online Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services .
Please take a few minutes to read them before using or registering to access our Services .
This Policy describes our privacy practices regarding :
Children under 13 Sites to Which We Link
Information Collected Through Our Services How to Correct or Update Your Information
Information We May Obtain from Other Sources Security , Retention and Storage of Information
How We Use the Information We Collect Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices
Meredith cares about protecting the privacy of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personally identifying information online .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience , and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones .
If you 're under 13 , please do not register for any of our Services or provide us with any personally identifying information ( such as your name , email address or phone number ) .
Information Collected Through Our Services
The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you voluntarily supply to us when you register , initiate transactions or communicate with us or others through the Services , and ( 2 ) information collected automatically as you use our Services .
Third-party providers and advertisers featured on , or linked to from , our Services may also gather information through processes that we do n't control and subject to their own separate privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information .
You may register to use certain features of our Services .
When you register , we may collect personally identifying information , including your name , postal address , email address , user name and password , reminder questions and answers and communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive .
We may also ask for information about age , gender , hobbies , interests and the like , but you 're free to register for most of our Services without providing this additional information .
When you register for one of our Services , the information you provide may be added to a centralized Meredith database so that you may be simultaneously registered for our other Services as well .
In addition , when you use various aspects of our Services , we may ask you for personally identifying information , including when you order products , complete a survey , enter a contest , or report a problem with our Services .
We and our authorized third-party service providers use this information to process orders , tailor our Services to your interests or otherwise improve our Services .
We may also collect contact information for other individuals when you use the sharing tools available within some of our Services to forward content or offers to your friends and associates .
We use this information to facilitate the communications that you request .
Please note that if you use any `` send-to-a-friend '' features of our Services , your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend .
Contests and Other Promotions .
From time to time , we may offer contests , sweepstakes or other promotions .
Participation in these promotions may require registration for our Services ( see Registration and Other Personally Identifying Information , above ) .
If you participate in these promotions , we collect contact information such as your name , address , and email address and we may share this information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials .
We do n't control these third parties ' privacy practices , and our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information .
We may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion , such as winner selection and prize fulfillment , and as permitted by the promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners ' list .
Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Services .
Meredith or third-party contractors we engage may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services , including :
Your browser type , language , plug-ins , Internet domain and operating system ;
Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a numerical address assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so that other computers connected to the Internet can communicate with you online ) that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;
The site you visited before visiting a Meredith website and the site you visited after visiting a Meredith website ;
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on while navigating within our Services ;
Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;
Information collected through cookies , web beacons and other tracking technologies ( see additional descriptions of these terms below ) ;
Information about your interactions with our video content , such as the type of content viewed on our Services ;
Information about your interactions with our email messages , such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message ; the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails ; and standard server log information .
Personalization and Tracking Technologies .
Like most website and mobile application operators , we , or third parties acting on our behalf , use embedded scripts , `` cookies , '' web beacons and other similar technologies to operate our Services .
Cookies are small amounts of data ( often containing a unique identifier ) that are stored in separate files within your computer 's Internet browser .
Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit , and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on websites , so they can recognize the same browser navigating online .
We use cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting one of our Services .
For example , if you register for a Meredith Service , we may save your username and password , so you do not have to re-enter them each time you visit .
To help control the display of advertisements and customize the content and advertisements you see while using our Services and sometimes while visiting other websites online .
To help us measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and to improve the quality and effectiveness of our content , features , advertisements , and other communications .
Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of the advertisements that you see while using our Services and other websites also may place cookies within your browser .
We do not have access to these cookies and do not control how they may be used .
You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies , or to notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences . )
It is up to you whether to allow us or third parties to send you or to set cookies , but if you block cookies , you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services .
Please be aware that certain browsers can not block or delete so-called `` Flash '' cookies , which use a feature of the Adobe Flash video player to store information on your computer .
For information about how to delete Flash cookies , please visit the Adobe website here .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies .
We and our service providers and other third-party companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and/or while visiting other unaffiliated websites may also use scripts , web beacons and/or similar technologies , to collect information about your use of our Services .
Web beacons ( sometimes called `` transparent GIFs , '' `` clear GIFs , '' or `` pixel tags '' ) embed a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a web page or in an email .
When your browser downloads a web beacon , the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set , the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page .
We use web beacons to improve your experience using our Services , including by providing you with content , advertising and offers customized to your interests , and to understand whether our users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages .
Mobile Device IDs and Location-Based Information .
Certain mobile devices , including smart phones and tablet devices , contain unique device IDs that can be used to identify their physical location .
Mobile devices also typically transmit caller ID data ( which may include a phone number ) when used to transmit a telephone call or text message .
When you use mobile devices to access our Services , we may collect and transmit unique device IDs and collect caller ID data , information about your wireless carrier , the make , model and operating system of your device and information about how you navigate within our Service .
With your consent , we also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or WiFi triangulation to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device .
We use this information to provide you the content and services you request , tell you about offers we think you will value , and improve your experience using our mobile applications and other Services .
Information Collected in Connection With Ad Serving , Targeting and Analytics .
We and our service providers may use information collected when you use our Services to serve interest-based advertisements on our Services and on other third-party websites that participate in advertising networks that we operate .
The data collection for our networks currently is managed by our service provider , Collective .
Meredith follows the Self Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising released by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( `` DAA '' ) in July 2009 .
You can also easily opt-out of these targeted ads by clicking on the AdChoices icon located in the footer of our web sites .
We also may work with other third-party advertising companies and data providers to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on our Services and on other websites , to send emails on our behalf , and to provide related analytics , forecasting , optimization and audience segmentation services .
These companies may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect navigation information from our users that they may use , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements tailored to match perceived user interests and/or for other purposes .
To enable you to receive customized ads , content or services , some of these companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser that reflects de-identified demographic data or other information about you that they obtained from third-party data suppliers .
To enable these cookies , we may share with these companies your email address or other registration information in an encrypted format ( i.e . hashed non-human readable form ) solely for the purpose of matching you to a relevant demographic profile .
No personally identifying data will be captured or used in the cookies .
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with , including DoubleClick and Google , are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) and/or the DAA ) .
We also engage Omniture , a third party , to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users .
For information about Omniture 's information collection practices and related opt-out choices , click here .
Many of our advertisers also engage other third-party vendors to help them deliver advertisements tailored to your interests , and evaluate and improve the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns .
We do not have access to the information these third parties may collect and this Policy does not cover their information practices .
Social Network Posting Tools and `` Share '' Features .
You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties , including a `` share '' button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages .
When you use one of these sharing tools , the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser , device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
The `` Share '' button functionality available within many of our Services is provided by Gigya , Inc. and its privacy policy is available here .
Nielsen Online Campaign Ratings Service .
Some of our advertisers may participate in a program operated by the Nielsen Company to develop an Online Campaign Ratings service that is comparable to Nielsen 's television ratings .
When one of their ads appears on our Services , it may contain a web beacon that will record your exposure to the ad , read certain cookies on your browser , and forward this information to one or more operators of third-party websites or other online service on which you may have registered .
If the third-party operator recognizes a cookie that identifies you as one of its registered users , it will append the impression data it receives , which may identify you as a user our Services , with age and gender information before returning the data to Nielsen .
Nielsen aggregates the data it receives about a given campaign to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers .
According to Nielsen , these reports measure campaign performance on an aggregate level within various demographic categories and do not identify you personally .
For more information about Nielsen 's information collection practices and any related opt-out choices that Nielsen offers , please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy here .
Information We May Obtain from Other Sources
We may combine the information we collect through the Services with other information that we obtain about you , your computer , and/or device from other companies and sources , including third-party data suppliers and public databases .
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources :
Name , postal address , email address and telephone number ;
Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;
Your interests and purchase behavior ;
Publicly-visible data , such as your posts and submissions to blogs , video-sharing services , and other interactive forums ; and
Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
How We Use the Information We Collect
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you .
Because our Services are supported by advertising , we also use the information we collect to help advertisers efficiently reach consumers who are most likely to be interested in their products and services .
We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary to complete a particular transaction , provide a requested service , enforce legal rights or comply with applicable law .
In addition , we and our authorized service providers generally use other information that we collect about you to :
Analyze , operate and improve our Services , and fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters ;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;
Provide you with special offers and promotions from companies within our corporate family , and select third parties in accordance with applicable law ;
Customize the content you see when you use our Services ;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , including advertising that you see on our Services and on third-party websites ;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce our Visitor Agreement ;
Conduct market analysis , traffic flow analysis and related reporting ; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-Out Choices
Except as otherwise expressly noted herein or within the Services , we may share any information that we collect through our Services , including without limitation , your name , postal address ( and any other information we combine with that information ) with our Meredith-affiliated companies , our provider partners and service providers , and with carefully selected third-party marketers of products and services potentially of interest to you .
To remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes , please use the postal list opt-out form available here `` opt-out '' form or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation , Opt-Out Postal , Attn : Circulation , 1716 Locust Street , Des Moines , Iowa 50309 ) .
We share our users ' email addresses with service providers that send email messages on our behalf .
These service providers may collect data about how you interact with those messages ( including information about whether and when you opened a particular message or clicked on a link within a message and the device you used to do so ) and analyze it in conjunction with similar information they collect when you respond to emails they send on behalf of their other clients who are not affiliated with us .
They use this email response information in combination with your email address to target and optimize the delivery of emails they send on our behalf and for their other clients .
To opt out of this information collection , you can unsubscribe from the related Meredith email list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message and/ or by visiting the Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences .
( Note that using the opt-out mechanism associated with the AdChoices icon will NOT affect the collection of email response information . )
We do not authorize our email service providers to share your email address with their other clients .
Except as described in this policy , we will not sell or rent your email address to unaffiliated third parties for their email marketing purposes , without your consent .
If you use our Services to sign up for special email offers from third-party advertisers , we will share your email address and any other information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected .
If you decide you no longer want to receive these emails , simply follow the advertiser 's unsubscribe link or instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive .
If you choose to subscribe to any of Meredith 's newsletters or commercial email lists , you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting our Email Preferences page on our sites and updating your preferences .
Provider Partners and Service Providers .
To make your experience with our Services more useful and enjoyable , we may offer some features ( such as chat rooms and email newsletters ) in conjunction with third-party providers ( `` Provider Partners '' ) that specialize in operating such services .
We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner .
We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , marketing , email and text message distribution , data processing , website analytics and promotions management .
We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you provided that they commit not to use the information for purposes inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
We and our service providers may combine information that we collect about you with information that we collect about other users of our Services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally .
We and our service providers may use aggregated information or other anonymous information and disclose it to third parties as we see fit .
Information You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Community or Social Networking Areas .
Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to blogs , discussion forums , or other community or social networking services that we offer can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to the applicable service .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
Legal Compliance , Business Transfers and Other Disclosures .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or within our Services , we may occasionally release information about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law , respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests , enforce our Visitor Agreement , or protect the rights , property or safety of users of our Services , the public , Meredith Corporation , our affiliates , or any third party .
Over time , we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services , we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase , sale , lease , merger , foreclosure , liquidation , amalgamation or any other type of acquisition , disposal , transfer , conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith or our affiliates .
Sites to Which We Link
We also may provide links to other websites or services , and provide access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control .
How to Correct or Update Your Information
Meredith Corporation believes in providing you with the ability to access and edit the personally identifying information that you have provided to us through our Services .
To update this information , please visit the `` My Account '' area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information .
Security , Retention and Storage of Information
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect .
No security system is impenetrable , however .
We can not guarantee the security of our databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply wo n't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
Please see our Visitor Agreement for more information related to posting materials on our Services including our use of such materials .
For the purposes set out in this Online Privacy Policy , personally-identifying information may be transferred to , processed , stored and accessed by us , our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate .
Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may , in certain circumstances , be entitled to access your personally-identifying information .
By using the Services , you consent to this transfer , processing , storage and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside .
Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
Digital technology is rapidly evolving .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future , we 'll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was updated .
Unless otherwise noted , all changes will be effective when posted .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us , once a year and free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year .
At our option , we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
You can read these instructions above in the section of our Online Privacy Policy titled `` How We Disclose Information and Your Related Opt-out Choices . ''

Merriam-Webster is committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to its Web sites .
The guidelines below explain how we protect the privacy of visitors to Merriam-Webster.com and its features .
Merriam-Webster protects the identity of visitors to Merriam-Webster.com by limiting the collection of personally identifiable information .
For certain promotions and to access certain features , such as to receive a Word of the Day subscription , we may request a voluntary submission of information such as name , e-mail address , city , state , and age .
Merriam-Webster does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13 , except as permitted by law .
If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy , we will delete that information immediately .
All personally identifiable information you provide to us for subscriptions through Merriam-Webster.com is used by Merriam-Webster and its staff to process and manage subscriptions , analyze the demographic of our subscribers , or to deliver services through the site ; such information may also be used by the company for prize or information-request fulfillment unless otherwise indicated .
Such information will not be posted or published by us , and will be shared with third parties only for the purpose of payment processing .
If you choose to provide personally identifiable information to us , you may receive the following types of e-mails from us :
E-mails related to subscription-maintenance activities .
Periodic e-mail newsletters highlighting new features , content , and usage tips for Merriam-Webster.com .
Periodic special offers for additional Merriam-Webster and Encyclopdia Britannica ( Merriam-Webster 's parent company ) products and services .
Periodic special offers from Merriam-Webster approved partners if you `` opt-in '' or give us your permission to send them .
When you provide personally identifiable information to us , you can let us know that you do not wish to receive special Merriam-Webster or partner offers .
Each offer will also have information available to allow you to `` opt out '' if you wish to receive no further offers .
Merriam-Webster.com may also use other third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of the services described above , and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of providing these services , such as Word of the Day , to you on behalf of Merriam-Webster.com .
Merriam-Webster may also disclose personally identifiable information in special legal circumstances .
For instance , such information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights , or if the law requires us to do so .
Anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies we do business with for statistical purposes .
For example , we may report to advertisers that a certain percentage of our site 's visitors are adults between the ages of 25 and 35 .
Cookies and Beacons-Use by Merriam-Webster ; Opting Out
We use cookies and software logs to monitor the use of Merriam-Webster.com and to gather non-personal information about visitors to the site .
Cookies are small files that Merriam-Webster transfers to the hard drives of visitors for record-keeping purposes .
These monitoring systems allow us to track general information about our visitors , such as the type of browsers ( for example , Firefox or Internet Explorer ) , the operating systems ( for instance , Windows or Macintosh ) , or the Internet providers ( for instance , Comcast ) they use .
This information is used for statistical and market research purposes to tailor content to usage patterns and to provide services requested by our customers .
To delete these cookies , please see your browser 's privacy settings .
A beacon is an electronic file object ( typically a transparent image ) placed in the code of a Web page .
We use third party beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of visitors from one Merriam-Webster.com page to another and to improve site performance .
None of the information we gather in this way can be used to identify any individual who visits our site .
Cookies and Beacons-Use by Third-Parties ; Opting Out
Advertisers and advertising networks use cookies and beacons to target ads served to Merriam-Webster.com .
What does it mean to `` serve ads '' ? When you visit a Web site , your Internet browser transmits a `` request '' to the computer that hosts the Web site ( the `` host server '' ) requesting that server to send you ( or `` serve '' ) the Web page that you are seeking .
Most Web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources , for example , a Web page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider , its sports results from a different source , and advertisements from other servers .
Our Web pages contain coding that directs your browser to fill the ad spaces on the Web pages with content served by advertisers and networks of advertisers to whom we have sold the ad spaces .
The advertisers and networks use cookies and beacons to help manage ad delivery and frequency , and to identify audience segment ( s ) for customized advertising ( `` targeting '' ) .
These cookies are used to identify your IP address , so that when you visit another Web site using the same advertising network , the network will recognize the cookie as one of its own , read the information on the cookie ( the record of which sites in the network you have visited ) and serve you an ad that you might be interested in , based on your past visits to other sites in the network .
Advertising targeted based on past Web surfing is known as `` behavioral advertising . ''
Merriam-Webster does not permit any advertisers or networks to collect personally identifiable information about visitors to Merriam-Webster.com using cookies or beacons .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of information that they may have collected from you on other sites .
Many of the same companies are members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below .
When you opt-out of a network , you may receive an `` opt-out '' cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future .
You will continue to receive ads from that network , but not behaviorally targeted ads .
If you erase your browser 's cookies , you may need to perform this process again .
SpotXChange click here .
When you select this option , SpotXchange sets a persistent `` opt-out cookie '' to prevent information from being uniquely associated with your browser .
We have contracted with ValueClick to monitor certain pages of our site for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement 'click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on our site .
Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors .
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the advertiser .
Merriam-Webster 's ad server , AdTech , uses cookies to prevent you from seeing the same ad too many times .
To manage or delete browser cookies , please see your browser 's privacy settings .
Any personally identifiable information collected through this site is stored on limited-access servers .
We will maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the information they store .
We may occasionally conduct on-line surveys .
All surveys are voluntary and you may decline to participate .
All of the content on Merriam-Webster.com is copyrighted by Merriam-Webster , Incorporated , 47 Federal Street , P.O .
Box 281 , Springfield , MA 01102 , and it can not be redistributed or used for commercial purposes .
More detailed information about Merriam-Webster 's copyrights and trademarks is available on our Copyright Notice page .
If you have questions about Merriam-Webster or its products , visit our Contact Us page to find e-mail addresses and other contact information for the appropriate department .
Links to Other Web sites
The Merriam-Webster sites each contain links to other Web sites .
Merriam-Webster is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party Web sites .
We urge all Merriam-Webster.com visitors to follow safe Internet practices : Do not supply Personally Identifiable Information to these Web sites unless you have verified their security and privacy policies .
We retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations .
As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that Merriam-Webster , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will be one of the transferred assets , and will remain subject to our Privacy Policy .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident , you are entitled to prevent sharing of your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes through a cost-free means .
If you send a request to the address above , Merriam-Webster will provide you with a California Customer Choice Notice that you may use to opt-out of such information sharing .
Please allow at least thirty ( 30 ) days for a response .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site , you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Merriam-Webster.com Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use this site .
We reserve the right , at our sole discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at any time .
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site .
Please check this page periodically for any modifications .
Your continued use of Merriam-Webster.com following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes .

The use of the Metacafe Web Site ( s ) and/or Metacafe software and any Metacafe services and products ( collectively , the `` Web Site '' ) provided by Collective Digital Studio , LLC .
( `` CDS '' ) are subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy , including any amendments or updates hereto .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the CDS Terms & Conditions .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Web Site .
CDS takes your privacy seriously .
We gather certain types of information about our users and we want to help you understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information we collect .
This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather , how we use it , and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information .
BY USING , ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING THE WEB SITE ) , YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ( AS HEREUNDER DESCRIBED ) , ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET HEREUNDER .
CDS reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice , and it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy for any changes .
Your use of the Web Site following any amendment of this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms .
If you are under the age of 13 , you are not eligible to use the Web Site , and we ask you not to submit any personal information to us .
Please note that any video , image , or other content posted at the direction of users onto the Web Site becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy .
Collection of Information Personal Information .
Use of certain features of the Web Site may require submission of certain personal information , including your first and last name , email address , a nickname ( or other user ID ) and a password .
Non personally identifiable Information
CDS may also collect or receive additional non-personally identifiable usage information specifically related to the use of a particular feature or offering on the Web Site , and responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on the Web Site .
CDS may also collect or receive ( in some cases as part of the internet communication protocol ) certain non-personally identifiable technical information , when the Web Site and pages are visited or when a CDS client is used .
How is the information being used
The information is used to operate and improve the features , offerings and content presented to you by CDS , to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you ; to fulfill your requests for products , programs , and services ; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries ; to conduct research about your use of the Web Site ; and to help offer you other products , programs , or services that may be of interest .
Please note that CDS may use your personally identifiable information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers .
However , while CDS 's business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about Metacafe users , any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , your information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures , as determined by CDS in good faith .
Furthermore , CDS may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of CDS or any of its Web Sites or products , in which case the information could become subject to a different privacy policy .
CDS may use cookies , web beacons or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Web Site , including to operate and improve offerings through the Web Site ; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Web Site ; to remember your preferences and registration information ; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings , advertisements , and e-mail communications ( by determining which e-mails you open and act upon ) ; and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you .
CDS does not require that you accept cookies , and you may disable cookies at any time .
However , some functionality of our Web Site may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies .
To disable cookies , follow the instructions in your web browser .
Local Shared Object ( Flash Cookie
We may use local shared objects , sometimes known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies , please click here .
If you disable Flash cookies , you wo n't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly .
Click here to cancel an existing account .
CDS or its advertisers may use third party ad networks and ad serving companies to help sell and present advertisements online in connection with the Web Site .
These third party ad companies may use cookies , web beacons or similar technologies to help present such advertisements , to help measure and research the advertisements ' effectiveness , compile anonymous statistics about Web Site users , to serve you advertisements tailored to interests youhave shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited , to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements .
In so doing , these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type , your operating system , Web pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , and other clickstream data .
The use of these technologies by these third party ad companies is subject to their own privacy policies , not CDS 's and CDS disclaims all liability in connection therewith .
These third party ad companies may also monitor the Web Site for the purpose of reporting Web Site traffic , statistics , advertisements , `` click-throughs '' and/or other activities .
CDS works with the following ad networks , whose privacy policies are available on their respective sites : Google , Mog , Tidal.tv , Openx , 24/7 Real Media , Beanstock and Rubicon .
You may opt out of having the advertising that you see on our site targetedspecifically to you by clicking on the Privacy Manager or going to the respective sites ' privacy policy ( ies ) and following the directions .
To opt out of Google 's `` interest-based ads '' and to learn more about Google 's collection of your personal information to serve ads in connection with the Web Site , click here .
You can disable cookies , including those used by ad networks , by following the instructions in your web browser .
CDS does not provide advertisers access to any personally identifiable information that you have provided to CDS ( keeping in mind that anything you have elected to share publicly on the site is available to everyone to see ) .
Last updated : April 22 , 2013 .
CDS has implemented security policies , rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard the personally identifiable information under our control from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
All our personnel that have access to , and are associated with the processing of your personally identifiable information , are obligated to respect the confidentiality of the information .
CDS 's privacy policy is to share personal information only with the owner 's informed consent .
With your consent , from time-to-time , CDS may provide its business partners with contact details for direct marketing purposes of relevant services , products , and programs .
If you no longer wish your information to be shared , please let us know .
If you have further inquires regarding CDS 's information sharing practices , please let us know at this number : +1 415.882.7069 .
Special Note for Parents
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , CDS does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Web Site from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of our Web Site is directed to persons under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access the Web Site at any time or in any manner .
If CDS learns that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Web Site without verified parental consent , then CDS will take the appropriate steps to delete this information .
Modification and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information
Deletion ( Opt-Out ) .
If you wish to modify or update your personally identifiable information , use the Web Site or application interface .
Please note that deletion of your personally identifiable information from CDS 's database will not prevent CDS from using gathered anonymous information .
Third Parties ' Practices .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other providers of products or services , advertisers or other web sites , or companies/people that CDS does not own or control , or does not employ or manage .
See also , `` Third Party Ad Advertising . ''
The Web Site is hosted in the United States .
If you are accessing the Web Site from a jurisdiction with privacy laws or regulations that differ from United States laws , please be advised that through your continued use of the Web Site , you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer .
Last updated : October 3 , 2012 .
You want to upload some videos ? We love that ! After all , uploading short flicks to Web Site is one of the five greatest things you can do in the world .
First , there are some rules to follow .
We know , you hate rules , but they exist to keep Web Site from devolving into chaos and becoming another business horror story .
So here you go ( take notes , we 'll be testing you later ) :
No cloning allowed .
No , we 're not talking about producing identical sheep in the lab - that 's cool .
We 're talking about duplicating videos that already exist on the site .
We HATE duplicates , because repetition repetition sucks sucks .
So before you upload a video to Web Site , please conduct a search to see if it already exists here .
Ten is enough .
No , we 're not talking about that cheesy TV show from the Seventies .
We 're talking about the length of your video : keep it under 10 minutes .
Anything longer than that will be removed automatically by our system .
Keep your pants on .
We 're not prudes here , but we want Web Site to serve as wide a community as possible .
This means we will not allow sexually explicit videos on the site .
Those are simply 2H4M ( Too Hot For Metacafe ) .
What about partial nudity or implied sexuality ? We 're not afraid of the odd 'wardrobe malfunction ' but it 's better to practice safe sex and put an 18+ filter on it .
Filter that violence .
Please remember that Web Site is all about entertainment and entertainment should not come at the expense of others .
So if your video contains violence , please stick the appropriate filter on it :
18+ : For real-world violence including physical attacks ; for injuries , gruesome scenes , or explicit language .
CDS will reject videos which portray illegal acts of violence or videos that show or imply human fatalities however newsworthy such footage may seem in context .
Dress for success .
Package your videos with killer titles , descriptions , thumbnails , and tags to attract viewers .
But , please , be accurate , or we 'll tell all the people you deceived exactly where you sleep .
Irresistible Titles : What 's in a name ? Everything .
Boring titles = no views , so give your video a title no one can resist .
Teaser Descriptions : Do n't you hate it when someone tells you the surprise ending of a movie before you 've seen it ? ( `` Dude , did you hear that Darth Vader is Luke 's dad ? '' ) So go ahead and describe the contents of your video in vivid detail , but do n't give away the punch line .
Eye-Catching Thumbnails : Pick an image from your video that accurately represents its contents and grabs attention .
But if it 's something gross , do n't show it - we like to eat while browsing the site .
Tag Away : Use as many tags as you want to describe your video .
That helps people find it in a search .
Pick a channel .
If your video fits more than one channel , choose one that applies most .
Still ca n't decide ? Take a coin , assign one channel to heads , one channel to tails , then flip it .
Later , see a counselor about how you let coins shape your life .
Last updated : October 3 , 2012
We built Metacafe to be a creative community buzzing with energy .
( We love a great buzz . )
So we 've established a few house rules to keep it going :
Helpful Criticism : Want better videos ? Then provide suggestions instead of smack ! Good advice goes a long way in building a better Web Site .
And if you think you can do better , do n't just say it - SHOW IT with your own video .
Save The Creativity For The Videos : Do n't try to sneak onto top lists by manipulating the results .
For example , posting lots of comments on your own video to get onto the `` Most Discussed '' list wo n't get you anywhere .
( We 've got trained dogs to sniff out cheats . )
Keep It Clean : There are 1,000,000 words in the English language alone , including some cool ones like `` nubile , '' `` psychedelic , '' and `` obfuscation . ''
Flaunt your language skills here , and leave the profanity and other garbage talk at home .
No Haters : Our community has zero tolerance for intolerance , so no defamatory , racist , sexist or homophobic talk .
This includes threats of violence or sexual assault against other site users or people appearing in videos .
Offenders will be banned forever from Web Site .
We hate playing cops - it takes time away from watching videos and building a killer site - so we hope this little statement does the job of keeping the Metacafe buzz going and growing .
Last updated : October 3 , 2012

The Met Office takes the privacy of its customers very seriously .
We also comply fully with the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the `` Act '' ) .
For the purposes of the Act , the data controller is the Met Office , FitzRoy Road , Exeter , Devon , EX1 3PB .
The Met Office is an Executive Agency of the United Kingdom 's Department for Business , Innovations and Skills .
The Met Office is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 ( in the name of the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills ) , Registration No .
Find out about :
Personal information we may collect from you
How we will use information about you
Where we store and process your personal information
Disclosure of your information
Security of payment transactions
Access to your information and correction
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
Personal information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you :
Information that you provide if you register on Our Site or place an order for data or data services together with the details necessary to administer your account .
Information that you provide by filling in forms on Our Site and subscribing to the services available on Our Site .
Information that you provide to us when you write to us ( including by email and fax ) or when we speak to you by telephone .
Information that you provide to us by completing surveys or participating in competitions .
Details of your visits to Our Site and the resources you access to enable us to monitor and improve our service and to know which parts of Our Site are of most interest to our customers and visitors to Our Site .
How we will use information about you
We may use information about you in the following ways :
Registration details and customer information will be used to administer your account , to keep a record of which services you have subscribed to and to deliver the services you have requested .
To provide you with information about Met Office offers and services that you request from us or which we believe may be of interest to you , where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes .
To ensure that content from Our Site is presented in the most effective manner .
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us .
From time to time we may also permit selected third parties to use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you , provided that you have consented to third parties contacting you in this way .
We do not sell or rent out personal information to any other organisations .
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers , but we may provide them with aggregate information about visitors to Our Site .
For example , we may provide our advertisers with an anonymous summary of the demographics of visitors to Our Site or with statistics relating to site usage .
You can also manage your preferences in some services at any time by logging in and accessing your account information .
Where we store and process your personal information
The Met Office is responsible for the processing of your personal information .
Our technology services providers or other contracted service providers , may also have access or store data for us , but solely for use on behalf of the Met Office in accordance with our instructions and under our control .
Secure credit card and payment authorisation is handled by our payment provider , DataCash .
By submitting your personal information , you agree to this transfer , storing and/or processing .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy .
Your information will not be transferred abroad , but you may be able to access your own registration details over the Internet from locations abroad .
This privacy policy covers just processing by the Met Office and does not cover any processing which may be carried out by your Internet service provider .
You may also access your registration details through the relevant customer administration page , using your customer password .
Access is strictly controlled and password protected .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of Our Site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties :
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use and/or other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of us , our customers , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations , such as credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies , for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention , credit risk reduction and to pursue debtors .
In any other manner mentioned elsewhere in this policy .
Security of payment transactions
The Met Office takes great care to ensure the security of this site and your personal information .
Where credit card information is collected , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) or equivalent secure technology with 128-bit encryption .
SSL is the industry standard method of encrypting personal information and credit card details so that they can be securely transferred over the Internet .
This means that you can purchase online with complete peace of mind .
We collect all information that is sent to us as configured within your web browser including , where available , your IP address , operating system and browser type and may use this information to report aggregate information to our advertisers and any relevant third parties .
This information is stored and managed anonymously and independently from your personal details .
This information is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual .
Like many other websites , we use cookies on Our Site to obtain information about your general Internet usage .
A cookie is a small piece of data that your Internet browser stores on your hard drive and is used when you visit the site to tailor your viewing and provide you with customised information .
Only the information that you provide , or your preferences while visiting a website , can be stored in a cookie .
For example , Our Site can not determine personal details , such as your email address , unless you choose to submit them .
For pages which require registration , cookies need to be enabled .
You can set your browser to either accept cookies or to prompt to accept cookies so that you can access these pages .
The browser you are using should have specific instructions on how to control the acceptance of cookies and also how to delete unwanted cookies from your hard drive .
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies , over which we have no control .
Access to your information and correction
We may require proof of identity in relation to any such request and may also make a small charge for this service .
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date .
You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate .
Our Site contains links to other websites .
If you follow a link to any of these websites , please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies .
Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may occasionally be updated or amended therefore we advise you to revisit this page regularly .
This privacy policy was last reviewed on 30 November 2011 .
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you :
or write to our Data Protection Officer at the address set out above .
Last updated : 9 August 2013

Last Updated : December 2013
This privacy statement applies to Microsoft.com and Microsoft websites , services and products that collect data and display these terms , as well as their offline product support services .
It does not apply to Microsoft sites , services and products that do not display or link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements .
Please read the summaries below and click on `` Learn More '' for more details on a particular topic .
You may also select from the products listed above to view that product 's privacy statement .
Some products , services or features mentioned in this statement may not be available in all markets .
Cookies & Similar Technologies
Most Microsoft sites use `` cookies , '' small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive .
We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings ; help with sign-in ; provide targeted ads ; to combat fraud ; and analyze site operations .
We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and compile analytics .
These may include third-party web beacons , which are prohibited from collecting your personal information .
You have a variety of tools to control cookies and similar technologies , including :
Browser controls to block and delete cookies ;
Controls from some analytics providers to opt out of data collection in web beacons .
Our Use of Cookies
Most Microsoft web sites use `` cookies , '' which are small text files placed on your hard disk by a web server .
Cookies contain text that can be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
That text often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer , but may contain other information as well .
Here is an example of a unique ID number stored in a cookie that Microsoft might place on your device when you visit one of our web sites : E3732CA7E319442F97EA48A170C99801
We may use cookies for :
Storing your Preferences and Settings .
If you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft site , we may store that city or postal code in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site .
This can save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information every time you visit the site .
Sign-in and Authentication .
When you sign in to a site or service using your Microsoft account , we store your unique ID number , and the time you signed in , in an encrypted cookie on your hard disk .
This cookie allows you to move from page to page at the site without having to sign in again on each page .
When you sign out , these cookies are deleted from your computer .
We also use cookies to improve the sign-in experience .
For example , your e-mail address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out .
This cookie allows your e-mail address to be pre-populated , so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in .
If you are using a public computer or do not want this information to be stored , you can select the appropriate radio button on the sign-in page , and this cookie will not be used .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more persistent cookies on your device in order to recognize your device each time we display an ad to you .
Because we serve advertisements on our own web sites as well as those of our advertising and publisher partners , we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your computer , visited or viewed .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you .
You can find more information about this use of cookies , including how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Microsoft , in the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Statement .
We may use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service or to develop other aggregate statistics about the operations of our sites and services .
These analytics help us operate and improve the performance of these sites and services .
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed in the following chart .
This list is not exhaustive , but it is intended to illustrate the reasons we typically set cookies .
If you visit one of our web sites , the site may set some or all of the following cookies :
Identifies unique browsers to Microsoft sites .
It is used for advertising , site analytics and other operational purposes .
Contains the ANID , a unique identifier used to help identify which ads a user may like .
It is also used to preserve a user 's choice to opt out of behaviorally targeted ads from Microsoft , if the user has chosen to associate the opt-out with his or her Microsoft account .
Contains a country code as determined by reverse IP address lookup .
Authentication cookies ( e.g. , RPSTAuth , MSNRPSAuth , KievRPSAuth ) used when a user signs in with a Microsoft account .
Contains an encrypted version of the user 's country , postal code , age , gender , language and occupation , if known , based on the user 's Microsoft account profile .
Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser , this cookie identifies the advertiser so the right ad is selected .
Maintains information about which ad and where the user clicked on the ad .
Indicates that the user has indicated he or she does not want to receive behaviorally targeted ads delivered by Microsoft .
In addition to the cookies Microsoft may set when you visit our web sites , third parties may also set certain cookies on your device when you visit Microsoft sites .
In some cases , that is because we have hired the third party to provide certain services on our behalf , such as site analytics .
In other cases , it is because our web pages contain content or ads from third parties , such as videos , news content or ads delivered by other ad networks .
Because your browser connects to those third parties ' web servers to retrieve that content , those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services .
How to Control Cookies
Browser Controls to Block Cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to block cookies .
For example , in Internet Explorer 11 , you may block cookies by taking the following steps :
Click `` Tools '' and then select `` Internet Options ''
Click the `` Privacy '' tab at the top of the window
Move the slider up or down to indicate the rules you want to apply for blocking cookies
Instructions for blocking cookies in other browsers are available at each browser 's privacy statement .
Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies , you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Microsoft sites and services that depend on cookies , and some advertising preferences that are dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected .
Browser Controls to Delete Cookies .
If you accept cookies , you can delete them later .
For example , in Internet Explorer 11 , you may delete cookies by taking the following steps :
Click `` Tools '' and then select `` Internet Options ''
On the `` General '' tab , under `` Browsing History , '' click the `` Delete '' button
On the pop-up , select the box next to `` Cookies ''
Click the `` Delete '' button
Instructions for deleting cookies in other browsers are available at each browser 's privacy statement .
Please be aware that if you choose to delete cookies , any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies , including advertising preferences , will be deleted and may need to be recreated .
Browser Controls for `` Do Not Track '' and Tracking Protection .
Some newer browsers have incorporated `` Do Not Track '' features .
Most of these features , when turned on , send a signal or preference to the web sites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked .
Those sites ( or the third party content on those sites ) may continue to engage in activities you might view as tracking even though you have expressed this preference , depending on the sites ' privacy practices .
Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal , Microsoft does not currently respond to the browser DNT signals on its own websites or online services , or on third-party websites or online services where Microsoft provides advertisements , content or is otherwise able to collect information .
We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals .
In the meantime , users may continue to opt-out of targeted ads from Microsoft as set forth above .
Internet Explorer ( versions 9 and up ) have a feature called Tracking Protection that helps prevent the web sites you go to from automatically sending details about your visit to third-party content providers .
When you add a Tracking Protection List , Internet Explorer will block third-party content , including cookies , from any site that is listed as a site to be blocked .
By limiting calls to these sites , Internet Explorer will limit the information these third-party sites can collect about you .
For more information about Tracking Protection Lists and Do Not Track , please see the Internet Explorer Privacy Statement or Internet Explorer Help .
Advertising Opt-Out Controls .
Because cookies may be used for many purposes , users who object to behaviorally targeted advertising may choose to accept cookies but opt out from that particular use .
Companies in the online advertising industry have developed guidelines and programs to help protect users ' privacy , and these industry programs include web pages you can visit to opt out from receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from all participating companies ( including Microsoft ) .
These pages include :
Individual advertising companies may also offer their own opt-out capabilities plus more advanced advertising choices .
Please note that opting out does not mean that you will stop getting ads or see fewer ads ; however , if you do opt out , the ads that you receive will no longer be behaviorally targeted .
In addition , opting out does not stop information from going to our servers , but it does stop our creation or updating of profiles that might be used for behavioral advertising .
Our Use of Web Beacons
Microsoft web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used to help deliver cookies on our sites , let us count users who have visited those pages and deliver co-branded services .
We may include web beacons in our promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
We may also work with other companies that advertise on Microsoft sites to place web beacons on their sites or in their advertisements to let us develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft site results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser 's site .
Finally , Microsoft sites may contain web beacons from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other web site operations .
These web beacons may allow the third parties to set or read a cookie on your computer .
These companies may collect information about your online activities across websites or online servers , however , we prohibit third parties from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access your personal information .
You may be able to opt out from data collection or use by these third-party analytics companies by clicking the links for each of the following analytics providers :
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons , web sites can use other technologies to store and read data files on your computer .
This may be done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally .
But , like standard cookies , it can also be used to store a unique identifier for your computer , which can then be used to track behavior .
These technologies include Local Shared Objects ( or `` Flash cookies '' ) , HTML5 Local Storage and Silverlight Application Storage .
Local Shared Objects or `` Flash cookies . ''
Web sites that use Adobe Flash technologies may use Local Shared Objects or `` Flash cookies '' to store data on your computer .
Note that the ability to clear Flash cookies may or may not be controlled by your browser setting for standard cookies as that may vary by browser .
Silverlight Application Storage .
Web sites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage .
To learn how to manage or block such storage , visit the Silverlight Privacy Statement .
Microsoft collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products , services and experiences we can .
We collect information when you register , sign in and use our sites and services .
We also may get information from other companies .
We collect this information in a variety of ways , including from web forms , technologies like cookies , web logging and software on your computer or other device .
Microsoft collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products , services and experiences we can .
Some of this information you provide directly to us .
Some of it we get by observing how you interact with our products and services .
Some of it is available from other sources that we may combine with the data we collect directly .
Regardless of the source , we believe it 's important to treat that information with care and to help you maintain your privacy .
What we collect :
Registration - When you sign up to use our sites or services you may be required to provide information about yourself , such as your name , birthdate and postal code .
Signing in - To access some Microsoft services , you will need to sign in with an e-mail address and password , which we refer to as your Microsoft account .
If you access our services via a mobile phone , you may also use your telephone number and a PIN as an alternative credential to your username and password .
By signing in on one Microsoft site or service , you may be automatically signed into other Microsoft sites and services that use Microsoft account .
Click here for more Microsoft account privacy information .
Using our sites and services - We collect information that tells us how you interact with our services , including the browser you 're using , your IP address , location , cookies or other unique IDs , the pages you visit and features you use .
Data from other sources - We may get additional information about you , such as demographic data we purchase from other companies .
How we collect :
We use a number of methods and technologies to gather information about how you use our sites and services , such as :
Web forms , such as when you type information into a registration form or type a search query into a search box .
Technologies like cookies and web beacons ( Please visit this web page to learn more about these technologies ) .
Web logging , which enables us to collect the standard information your browser sends to every web site you visit - such as your IP address , browser type and language , and the site you came from - as well as the pages you visit and the links you click while using our sites and services .
Software installed on your computer or other device , which may send back information needed to operate , update or improve that software .
How We Use Your Personal Information
Microsoft uses the information we collect to operate , improve and personalize the products and services we offer .
We also may use the information to communicate with you , for example , informing you about your account and security updates .
And we may use the information to help make the ads you see on our ad-supported services more relevant .
Microsoft uses the information we collect to operate , improve and personalize the products and services we offer .
Information collected through one Microsoft service may be combined with information collected through other Microsoft services to give you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us .
We may also supplement this with information from other companies .
For example , we may use services from other companies to help us derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area .
We also may use the information to communicate with you , for example , informing you when a subscription is ending , letting you know when security updates are available or letting you know when you need to take action to keep your account active .
Microsoft provides many of our sites and services free of charge because they are supported by advertising .
In order to make these services widely available , the information we collect may be used to help improve the advertisements you see by making them more relevant to you .
Reasons We Share Your Personal Information
Except as described in this privacy statement , we wo n't disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent .
Please see Other Important Privacy Information for details about when we may disclose information , including with Microsoft affiliates and vendors ; when required by law or to respond to legal process ; to combat fraud or protect our interest ; or to protect lives .
Except as described in this privacy statement , we wo n't disclose your personal information to a third party without your consent .
Click here for more information on sharing or disclosing personal information :
Within Microsoft affiliates and subsidiaries
As part of a merger or sale of a business
With vendors and agents of Microsoft
When required by law or to respond to legal process or lawful requests , including from law enforcement or other government agencies
When required to combat fraud or protect our interests
To protect life and safety
Accessing Your Personal Information
Some Microsoft services give you the ability to view or edit your personal information online .
To help prevent others from viewing your personal information , you first will be required to sign in .
How you can access your personal information will depend on which sites or services you have used .
Some Microsoft services give you the ability to view or edit your personal information online .
To help prevent your personal information from being viewed by others , you first will be required to sign in .
The method ( s ) for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you have used .
Microsoft.com - You can access and update your profile on microsoft.com by visiting the Microsoft.com Profile Center .
Microsoft Billing and Account Services - If you have a Microsoft Billing account , you can update your information at the Microsoft Billing web site by clicking on the `` Personal Information '' or `` Billing Information '' links .
Microsoft Connect - If you are a registered user of Microsoft Connect , you can access and edit your personal information by clicking Manage Your Connect Profile at the Microsoft Connect web site .
Microsoft account - If you wish to update the profile information on your Microsoft account , change your password , add security information , view the unique ID associated with your credentials or close your account , you can do so by visiting Microsoft account services .
Public Profile - If you have created a public profile with your Microsoft account , you may edit or delete information in your public profile by going to your profile .
Search Advertising - If you buy search advertising through Bing Ads , you can review and edit your personal information at the Bing Ads web site .
Microsoft Partner Programs - If you are registered with Microsoft Partner Programs , you can review and edit your profile by clicking Manage Your Account on the Partner Program web site .
Xbox - If you are an Xbox LIVE or Xbox.com user , you can view or edit your personal information , including billing and account information , privacy settings , online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing My Xbox on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com web site .
For account information select My Xbox , Accounts .
For other personal information settings , select My Xbox , then Profile , then Online Safety Settings .
If you can not access personal data collected by Microsoft sites or services via the links above , these sites and services may provide you with other ways to access to your data .
You can contact Microsoft by using the web form .
We will respond to requests to access or delete your personal information within 30 days .
When a Microsoft site or service collects age information , it will block users under 13 or obtain consent from a parent or guardian before their child can use it .
When consent is granted , the child 's account is treated much like any other account , including being able to communicate with other users .
Parents can change or revoke consent as described in this privacy statement .
When a Microsoft site or service collects age information , it will either block users under 13 or will ask them to provide consent from a parent or guardian before they can use it .
We will not knowingly ask children under 13 to provide more information than is necessary to provide the service .
When consent is granted , the child 's account is treated much like any other account .
The child may have access to communication services like e-mail , instant messaging and online message boards and may be able to communicate freely with other users of all ages .
Parents can change or revoke the consent choices previously made , and review , edit or request the deletion of their children 's personal information .
For example , parents can visit their Microsoft account and click on `` Permissions '' .
Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites and services are displayed by Microsoft Advertising .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more cookies in order to recognize your computer when we display an ad to you .
Over time , we may gather information from the sites where we serve ads and use the information to help provide more relevant ads .
You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page .
Many of our web sites and online services are supported by advertising .
Most of the online advertisements on Microsoft sites and services are displayed by Microsoft Advertising .
When we display online advertisements to you , we will place one or more persistent cookies on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time we display an ad to you .
Because we serve advertisements on our own web sites as well as those of our advertising and publisher partners , we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your computer , visited or viewed .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you .
You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising by visiting our opt-out page .
For more information about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information , please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Statement .
We also allow third-party ad companies , including other ad networks , to display advertisements on our sites .
In some cases , these third parties may also place cookies on your computer , and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services .
These companies currently include , but are not limited to : 24/7 Real Media , adblade , AdConion , AdFusion , Advertising.com , AppNexus , Atlas , Bane Media , Brand.net , CasaleMedia , Collective Media , InMobi , Interclick , Jumptap , Millennial Media , nugg.adAG , Mobclix , Mojiva , SpecificMedia , Tribal Fusion , ValueClick , Where.com , Yahoo ! , YuMe , Zumobi .
These companies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting based on their cookies .
You may find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to the web sites of each company .
Many of them are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies .
You should also be aware that some browsers have incorporated `` Do Not Track '' ( DNT ) features that , when turned on , send a signal in the browser header to websites and online services indicating that you do not wish to be tracked .
It is up to the website or online service you visit ( and any third parties providing advertising , content , or other functionality on the website or online service ) to decide how it will interpret and treat the signal .
However , there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal .
As a result , Microsoft does not currently respond to the browser DNT signals on its own websites or online services , or on third-party websites or online services where Microsoft provides advertisements , content or is otherwise able to collect information .
We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals .
In the meantime , users may continue to opt-out of targeted ads from Microsoft as set forth above .
You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Microsoft sites and services by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive .
Depending on the respective service , you may also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail , telephone calls , and postal mail for particular Microsoft sites or services .
If you receive promotional e-mails from us and would like to stop getting them in the future , you can do so by following the directions in that message .
Depending on the respective service , you may also have the option of proactively making choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail , telephone calls , and postal mail from particular Microsoft sites or services by visiting and signing into the following pages :
Microsoft 's Promotional Communications Manager allows you to update contact information , manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences , opt out of subscriptions , and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners .
If you do not have a Microsoft account , you can manage your Microsoft email communication preferences by using this web form .
These choices do not apply to the display of online advertising : please refer to the section `` Display of Advertising ( Opt-out ) '' for information on this matter .
Nor do they apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Microsoft services , which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service .
Certain services or features can use information about your location to provide services you request or personalize your experience .
Location information may include data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots , as wells as Global Position System ( GPS ) data .
For more information about location based services , please click on `` Learn More . ''
When you use a location based service or feature , available cell tower data , Wi-Fi data and Global Position System ( GPS ) data may be sent to Microsoft .
Microsoft uses location information to provide the services you request , personalize your experience and improve Microsoft products and services .
Certain services may allow you to control when location information is sent to Microsoft or made available to others .
In some cases , location information is essential to the service and may require uninstalling the feature or discontinuing the service to stop the sending of location information .
Refer to the documentation that came with your device for information about how to turn off location features .
Support Data is the information we collect when you submit a support request or run an automated troubleshooter , including information about hardware , software , and other details related to the support incident , such as : contact or authentication information , chat session personalization , information about the condition of the machine and the application from when the fault occurred and during diagnostics , system and registry data about software installations and hardware configurations , and error-tracking files .
We use Support Data as described in this privacy statement , and additionally use it to resolve your support incident and for training purposes .
Support Data is the information we collect when you submit a support request or run an automated troubleshooter , including information about hardware , software , and other details related to the support incident , such as : contact or authentication information , chat session personalization , information about the condition of the machine and the application from when the fault occurred and during diagnostics , system and registry data about software installations and hardware configurations , and error-tracking files .
We use Support Data as described in this privacy statement , and additionally use it to resolve your support incident and for training purposes .
Support may be provided through phone , e-mail , or online chat .
We may use Remote Access ( RA ) , with your permission , to temporarily navigate your desktop .
Phone conversations , online chat sessions , or Remote Access sessions with support professionals may be recorded and/or monitored .
For RA , you may also access the recording after your session For Online Chat or RA , you may end a session at any time of your choosing .
Following a support incident , we may send you a survey about your experience and offerings .
You must opt-out of support surveys separately from other communications provided by Microsoft , by contacting Support or through the e-mail footer .
To review and edit your personal information collected through our support services , please contact us by using our Web form .
Some business customers may purchase enhanced support offerings ( e.g . Premier etc . ) .
These offerings are covered by their own contract terms and notices
Payment Data is the information that you provide when you make online purchases .
This may include your payment instrument number ( e.g. , credit card , PayPal ) , your name and billing address , and the security code associated with your payment instrument ( e.g. , the CSV or CVV ) .
This section provides additional information regarding the collection and use of your payment information .
Payment Data is the information that you provide when you make online purchases .
This may include your payment instrument number ( e.g. , credit card , PayPal ) , your name and billing address , and the security code associated with your payment instrument ( e.g. , the CSV or CVV ) .
This section provides additional information regarding the collection and use of your payment information .
Payment Data is used to complete your transaction , as well as for the detection and prevention of fraud .
In support of these uses , Microsoft may share your Payment Data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or other financial services , and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction .
When you provide Payment Data while logged in with your Microsoft or organizational account we will store that data to help you complete future transactions .
You may remove the payment instrument information associated with your organizational account by contacting Customer Support .
After you close your account or remove a payment instrument , however , Microsoft may retain your payment instrument data for as long as reasonably necessary to complete your existing transaction , to comply with Microsoft 's legal and reporting requirements , and for the detection and prevention of fraud .
Microsoft account ( formerly known as Windows Live ID and Microsoft Passport ) is a service that allows you to sign into Microsoft products , web sites and services , as well as those of select Microsoft partners .
When you create a Microsoft account , we ask you to provide certain information .
When you sign into a site or service using your Microsoft account , we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service , to protect you from malicious account usage , and to protect the efficiency and security of the Microsoft account service .
We also send certain information to a site or service you have signed into with your Microsoft account .
To view additional details about Microsoft account , including how to create and use a Microsoft account , how to edit account information , and how we collect and use information relating to a Microsoft account , please click on Learn More .
Microsoft account ( formerly known as Windows Live ID and Microsoft Passport ) is a service that allows you to sign into Microsoft products , web sites and services , as well as those of select Microsoft partners .
You can create a Microsoft account here by providing an email address , a password and other `` account proofs '' , such as an alternate email address , a phone number , and a question and secret answer .
We will use your `` account proofs '' for security purposes only - for instance , to verify your identity in the event that you can not access your Microsoft account and need assistance , or to reset your password if you can not access the email address associated with your Microsoft account .
Some services may require added security , and in those cases , you may be asked to create an additional security key .
The email address and password that you use to sign up for your Microsoft account are your `` credentials '' that you will use to authenticate with our network .
Furthermore , a 64-bit unique ID number will be assigned to your credentials and will be used to identify your credentials and associated information .
When you create a Microsoft account , we will also ask you to provide the following demographic information : gender ; country ; birthdate ; and postal code .
We may use birthdate to verify that children obtain appropriate consent from a parent or guardian to use a Microsoft account , as required by local law .
In addition , this demographic information is used by our online advertising systems to provide you with personalized advertisements about products and services you might find useful , but our advertising systems never get your name or contact information .
In other words , our advertising systems do not contain or use any information that can personally and directly identify you ( such as your name , email address and phone number ) .
If you prefer not to receive personalized ads , you may register your preference with your Microsoft account by visiting this page so that whenever you sign into web sites or services with your Microsoft account , our advertising systems will not serve you personalized ads .
For more information about how Microsoft uses information for advertising , please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Supplement .
You can use an email address provided by Microsoft ( such as those ending in live.com , hotmail.com , or msn.com ) or an email address provided by a third party ( such as those ending in gmail.com or yahoo.com ) when signing up for your Microsoft account .
Upon creating a Microsoft account , we will send you an email asking you to verify that you are the owner of the email address associated with your Microsoft account .
This is designed to verify the validity of the email address and help prevent email addresses from being used without the permission of their owners .
Thereafter , we will use that email address to send you communications relating to your use of Microsoft products and services ; we may also send you promotional emails about Microsoft products and services as permitted by local law .
For information about managing your receipt of promotional communications , please visit Communications .
If you attempt to register for a Microsoft account and find that another individual has already created credentials with your email address as the user name , you may contact us and request that the other individual adopt a different user name so that you may use your email address when creating your credentials .
Signing into software , sites or services with your Microsoft account .
When you sign into a site or service using your Microsoft account , we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service , to protect you from malicious account usage , and to protect the efficiency and security of the Microsoft account service .
For instance , when you sign in , the Microsoft account service receives and logs your credentials and other information , such as the 64-bit unique ID number assigned to your credentials , your IP address , your web browser version and a time and date .
Further , if you use a Microsoft account to sign into a device or into software that is installed on a device , a random unique ID is assigned to the device ; this random unique ID will be sent as part of your credentials to the Microsoft account service when you subsequently sign into a site or service with your Microsoft account .
The Microsoft account service sends the following information to the site or service that you have signed into : a unique ID number that permits the site or service to determine whether you are the same person from one sign-in session to the next ; the version number assigned to your account ( a new number is assigned each time you change your sign-in information ) ; whether your email address has been confirmed ; and whether your account has been deactivated .
Some third party sites and services that permit you to sign in with your Microsoft account require your email address in order to provide you with their services .
In those cases , when you sign in , Microsoft will provide your email address but not your password to the site or service .
However , if you created your credentials with the site or service , it may have limited access to information associated with your credentials in order to help you reset your password or provide other support services .
If you received your account from a third party , like a school , a business , an internet service provider , or the administrator of a managed domain , that third party may have rights over your account , including the ability to reset your password , view your account usage or profile data , read or store content in your account , and suspend or cancel your account .
In these cases , you are subject to the Microsoft Service Agreement and to any additional terms of use from that third party .
If you are the administrator of a managed domain and have provided your users with Microsoft accounts , you are responsible for all activity that takes place within such accounts .
Please note that sites and services that permit you to sign in with your Microsoft account can use or share your email address or other personal information that you provide to them as described in their privacy statements .
However , they can share the unique ID number provided to them by the Microsoft account service with third parties only in order to fulfill a service or transaction that you may have requested .
All sites or services that use the Microsoft account are required to have a posted privacy statement , but we do not control or monitor the privacy practices of those sites , and their privacy practices will vary .
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each site you sign into in order to determine how each site or service will use the information it collects .
Accessing your personal information .
You can access your personal information by going to account .
You can change your user name if your Microsoft account does not belong to a managed domain .
You can always change your password , alternate email address , phone number , and question and secret answer .
You may also close your Microsoft account by going to account , and then `` Close your account . ''
If your account is in a managed domain , as described above , there may be a special process for closing your account .
Please note that if you are an MSN or a Windows Live user , if you go to account , you may be redirected to account for those sites .
More information about Microsoft account is available at the Microsoft account web site .
Other Important Privacy Information
Why and with whom we share or disclose personal information
Protecting the security of personal information
Where we store and process information
Changes to our privacy statements
How to Contact Us
If you have a Microsoft account password question , please visit Microsoft account support .
If you have a general privacy question , or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft , please contact us by using our Web form .
By mail : Microsoft Privacy , Microsoft Corporation , One Microsoft Way , Redmond , Washington 98052 USA
By Phone : 425-882-8080
Below you will find additional privacy information you may find important .
Much of this describes practices that are common across the industry , but we want make sure you are aware of them .
Please keep in mind that this information is not a complete description of our practices - this is all in addition to the other , more specific information contained elsewhere in this privacy statement .
On this page :
Sharing or Disclosing Personal Information
Protecting the Security of Personal Information
Where Information is Stored and Processed
Changes to Our Privacy Statements
How to Contact Us
Sharing or Disclosing Personal Information
In addition to any sharing described above in this privacy statement , Microsoft may share or disclose personal information :
With other Microsoft controlled subsidiaries and affiliates .
As part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets .
With vendors or agents .
Specifically , we may share it with companies we 've hired to provide services on our behalf .
When we share information with these other companies to provide services for us , they are not allowed to use it for any other purpose and must keep it confidential .
We also may share or disclose personal information , including the content of your communications :
To comply with the law or respond to legal process or lawful requests , including from law enforcement and government agencies .
To protect the rights or property of Microsoft or our customers , including enforcing the terms governing your use of the services .
To act on a good faith belief that access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Microsoft employees , customers or the public .
Please note that our sites may include links to third-party sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Microsoft .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by the privacy statements on those sites .
We encourage you to review the privacy statement of any site you visit .
Protecting the Security of Personal Information
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal information .
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure .
For example , we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities .
When we transmit highly confidential information ( such as a credit card number or password ) over the Internet , we protect it through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information , it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential .
Do not share it .
If you are sharing a computer , you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users .
Where Information is Stored and Processed
Personal information collected on Microsoft sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Microsoft or its affiliates , subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities .
Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Switzerland .
As part of Microsoft 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , we use TRUSTe , an independent third party , to resolve disputes you have with us in connection with our policies and practices .
Microsoft may retain your personal information for a variety of reasons , such as to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , enforce our agreements , and as long as necessary to provide services .
To learn how to access your personal information , visit Accessing Your Information .
Changes to Our Privacy Statements
We will occasionally update our privacy statements to reflect customer feedback and changes in our services .
When we post changes to a statement , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of the statement .
If there are material changes to the statement or in how Microsoft will use your personal information , we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification .
We encourage you to periodically review the privacy statements for the products and services you use to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information .
How to Contact Us
If you have a Microsoft account password question , please visit Microsoft account support .
If you have a general privacy question , or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft , please contact us by using our Web form .
By mail : Microsoft Privacy , Microsoft Corporation , One Microsoft Way , Redmond , Washington 98052 USA
By Phone : 425-882-8080

We have updated our Privacy Policy as of June 10 , 2011 .
We encourage you to read the policy below so that you know how we collect and use the information you choose to provide .
Military.com ( `` Military '' ) is a property of Monster Worldwide dedicated to serving the military community .
Military is committed to protecting the privacy of our users , and strives to provide a safe , secure user experience .
This Privacy Policy sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this web site and to its network of sites , which are included in the link at the bottom of this page under Military.com Network Sites .
It does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion .
The information we gather on the Military sites may be shared within our affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver the products and services we offer or in order to undertake analysis of our database .
`` Affiliated companies '' means entities that control , are controlled by or are under common control with Military .
Military contains links to other web sites over which we have no control .
Military is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from Military .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect , use and share your information .
We use data about you and your use of our services to display customized advertising , both on our site and on other sites with which we have a business relationship .
Information We Collect and Retain
Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you , or any other individual to whom the information may relate , personally .
It includes data elements such as name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , and telephone number .
We only collect personal information about you when you choose to provide it to us .
You do not have to give us any personal information in order to read the content portions of our Site .
Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics , such as your ZIP code or postal code , age , preferences , gender , race or ethnicity , occupation , career history , interests and favorites .
Behavioral Information is information regarding how you use our site ( s ) , the areas of our site that you visit , what services you access , and information about your computer hardware and software including your IP address , geolocation , browser and operating system type , domain names , access times and referring Web site addresses .
This information is necessary for analyzing the use of resources , troubleshooting problems , preventing fraud , and improving our services .
In addition , Military may collect indirect information about you when you use certain third party services on Military .
For example if you provide a title of 'Mrs . '
we will assume you are female .
We may personalize the advertising that you are shown on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
In order to provide this personalization , in addition to information we collect about you on our sites , we acquire information ( including personal , demographic , behavioral and indirect information ) about you from third parties who provide it to us .
How Information is Used
We use the information we gather on Military for the purposes of providing our services , responding to any queries you may have , operating and improving Military , fostering a positive user experience , and delivering the products and services that we offer .
Our services include the display of personalized products , content , and advertising relating to your career , experience and interests , either on our site or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
If you have provided consent for us to do so , we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies .
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at Military , to send you free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you , to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered , to conduct surveys , questionnaires , promotions and contests , and to provide the results thereof such as success stories and contest winners .
The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you .
We have areas on Military where you can submit feedback .
Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes our property , and we can use such feedback ( such as success stories ) for marketing purposes or to contact you for further information .
Some of our products and services , such as our social and professional networking , allow third parties to see your personal information and to contact you .
Profile information may be used for networking with other community members .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about Military or refer other information on Military to a friend , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit Military or view the information .
We do not store this information .
Disclosure of Information to Others
We disclose to third parties your personal information , combined personal , demographic , behavioral or indirect information , as set forth below .
We may share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you .
We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include hosting our Web servers , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions , but they may not share that information with any other third party .
We disclose information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure .
For example , if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities , products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Military.com account , we supply your contact information to third parties such as marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you .
We use data we have about you ( such as the interests and preferences you have expressed ) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities , products or services of a particular third-party .
We also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Military site ( s ) with Military 's clients , partners , other visitors , and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Military site ( s ) and how those visitors use the site ( s ) in order to serve advertisements to you on our Sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
Information gathered on a co-branded page may be retained by both Military and the other company .
In that instance , the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and Military is not responsible for that company 's use of your personal or demographic information .
We disclose information if legally required to do so , or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith ? after considering your privacy interests and other factors ? that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process ; ( b ) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies ; ( c ) prevent a crime or protect national security ; or ( d ) protect the personal safety of users or the public .
Because Military Advantage is a U.S. company and information collected on our Sites is stored in whole or in part in the United States , your information may become subject to U.S. law .
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Military 's business units , whether such acquisition is by way of merger , consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets .
In addition , in the event Military becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding , whether voluntary or involuntary , Military or its liquidator , administrator , receiver or administrative receiver may sell , license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court .
You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sites .
Military provides member networking among other like-minded professionals with similar backgrounds and/or interests .
If you have a profile on a Military site , other users or members of Military site ( s ) may view your profile .
Your personal information , including demographic information , may be made public in your personal profile ; however , your contact information is not displayed .
Other users or members of Military site ( s ) will not have access to your contact information unless you choose to share it with them .
We are not responsible for the retention , use or privacy of profile information in the instance of other members who have accessed your profile and may have retained information from your profile in their own files or databases .
Posting Your Information to Public Areas of Military
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Military , such as in online forums or chat rooms , such information may be collected and used by others over whom Military has no control .
We can not control the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Military .
Your Choices About Your Information
We retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient , practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below .
You may have access to , review , correct , update , change or delete your account profile information at any time .
Simply log into your account , go to your profile , and make the necessary changes .
Click here to access your Military.com account and profile information .
Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting , updating or deleting such information , we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access .
Access to or correction , updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Military if it would violate another person 's rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law .
If you wish to delete or close your account or account profile information altogether , please click here for more information on how to contact us .
We will retain logs , demographic , indirect , and statistical information about you and keep an archival copy of this information in an anonymized form .
If your personal information was previously accessed by others using our Sites , we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems .
If you previously opted to receive newsletters , commercial e-mails or other communications from Military or third parties , but subsequently change your mind , you may opt-out by editing your account profile .
If you previously opted not to receive such communications , you may later opt-in by editing your account profile .
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials ( your username and password ) are kept confidential .
Military has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure .
Notwithstanding such measures , the Internet is an open system and we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
We also use cookies , web beacons , and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience .
For additional detailed information on each of these , please see below .
Military is not intended for , nor do we knowingly collect information from , children under the age of 13 .
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change the substance of our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Java Script
*Cookies : Military uses `` cookies '' to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online .
A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer 's memory temporarily ( a `` session '' cookie ) or placed on your hard drive ( a `` persistent '' cookie ) by a Web page server .
Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
When you return to the Military site , cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided , so you can easily use the features that you customized .
Because of our use of cookies , we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience .
For example , if you personalize Military pages , or register for services , a cookie helps us to recall your specific information ( such as user name , password and preferences ) .
We predominately use `` session '' cookies , which are not permanently stored on your hard drive .
Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser .
We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams , for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages .
We use `` persistent '' cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time .
`` Persistent '' Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any poll or seen an advertisement or information notice placed on the site so that we do not show you the poll , advertisement or notice again the next time you visit our site .
We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies ' servers , these companies can view , edit or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Military has no control over , and is not responsible for , the practices of those third party advertisers .
Military encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers .
We use other third party ad servers as well ; a way to opt out of third party cookies is to modify your browser settings to decline cookies . )
Military has a relationship with additional third parties in connection with serving customized ads to you , both on our sites and on other sites with which we have a business relationship .
Please click here to see a list of the third parties Military works with and to exercise your opt out .
Many of these third parties are participating members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) .
For those third parties that are NAI members , you can exercise your opt-out on the NAI site .
We use persistent cookies and related technologies ( such as web beacons described below ) to determine and track direct and indirect candidate application traffic in response to Job Postings either on Military or on the websites of third parties through the Career-Ad-Network ( described below ) .
We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Military 's advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties .
The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission .
The `` persistent '' cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years unless you choose to delete them .
Military participates in Monster 's Career-Ad-Network ( `` CAN '' ) .
As part of CAN , we also use `` persistent '' cookies .
The CAN cookie is used to display relevant job ads to you on Military and when you visit other web sites .
The information collected by the CAN cookie is treated in accordance with the policies and practices described in our Privacy Statement above .
The `` persistent '' cookie we use in CAN will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire six months after it was set .
Your opt-out of CAN is enforced by setting a `` blocking cookie '' .
In order for the blocking cookie to work on your computer , your browser must be set to accept third party cookies .
The blocking cookie for CAN will last for five years ; however , if you delete your browser cookies , your opt-out cookie , as well as any updates you may have made , will also be deleted .
In addition , your opt-out only applies in the browser you are using at the time you opt-out and only on the computer you are using at such time .
If you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
Opting-out of the CAN cookie does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising from CAN .
It does mean that the ads delivered to you by CAN will no longer be tailored to your Web browsing patterns .
Once you opt-out CAN no longer maintains a targeting cookie on your computer , so the ads will be general in nature and could be repetitive .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings .
If you choose to decline cookies , however , that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the web site .
Additionally , Military uses `` Flash cookies '' , also known as `` Local Shared Objects '' , to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes .
You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here .
Military Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel gifs , clear gifs or action tags ) that allow us to collect certain information about users ' visits to these Web pages ( including the number of users who have visited those pages ) , measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings , and deliver co-branded services .
Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage .
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides .
This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Military , as well as with clients , partners , and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages , how those visitors use those Web Pages , and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings .
We may use other third party processors as well . )
Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page , you can not opt out or refuse them .
However , they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser .
JavaScript : Military also uses JavaScript , for example , within certain advertisements .
JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites , particularly in respect to pictures .
You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way .
If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website .
Military Advantage , Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94103
Thank you for using Military.com .
Update effective 10 June 2011
Military.com Network of Sites
military-education.military.com ( education blog )
paycheck-chronicles.military.com ( finance blog )
transitionstories.military.com ( transition blog )
military-fitness.military.com ( fitness blog )
kitup.military.com ( equipment blog )
undertheradar.military.com ( entertainment blog )
militaryadvantage.military.com ( benefits blog )

We do not sell , trade , exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other team or organization .
We may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site .
If you share a mind map with other users , they are part of your friend network and can access your name , email and Skype information .
Our Terms and Conditions recognizes your right to retain full intellectual property protection for the digital content you create , including ideas and whole mind maps .
Your ideas are yours , you own them .
We will maintain all user created data and information in strict confidence ( unless a user wishes to publish it ) and we will take the same degree of care to protect that information as we would employ to protect similar information belonging to us .
This website uses Google Analytics .

Last updated : 26th June 2013
Miniclip is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its products and services , such as Miniclip.com ( and its related sub-sites ) and all applications available on smartphone devices , tablets , browser and desktop ( together , the `` Services '' ) .
Miniclip.com is the property of Miniclip SA ( `` Miniclip '' ) .
Miniclip respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Services .
Miniclip does not target its Services to users under the age of 13 , but does take measures to help protect the privacy of those who are .
By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing , collection , use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms .
Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy .
In this Privacy Policy 'non-personal data ' means data we may collect from you but which does not identify you directly .
This data may be 'aggregated ' with other data to help us improve our Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
We take special precautions respecting users under the age of 13 .
If a user chooses to register , they can input a date of birth , username and email address to set up an account .
The under-13 user 's account is limited to participating in those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users under 13 ; features of our Services that may involve the possibility of posting personal information , such as comments , are automatically disabled .
Immediately upon registration , the under-13 user 's email address is turned into an encrypted format , a `` one way hash '' , which we ca n't read and which is used to authenticate the user login process .
We do not permanently store the email addresses of users under 13 in a recoverable format and , because we do not retain the email addresses of under-13 users in a usable form after initial registration , we have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration .
The user name of registered users under 13 is not used as a means to contact such users .
We do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user under 13 , to provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent , nor do we distribute to third parties any personal information collected from children known to be under 13 without parental consent .
Parents are invited to review their children 's information by contacting us as described below .
If you are 13 years of age or older and you choose to register to use the Services we will collect your date of birth , username , password and email address and we may collect other information such as your smartphone device type .
We may also collect non-personal data from registered users .
For instance , we may collect data relating to registered users ' use of the website and the Services , as well as that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc .
We may log IP addresses and drop cookies or flash cookies to support the internal operations of the Services , such as to prevent abuse of the Services or to provide and/or enhance them .
Please note that IP addresses , if logged , are neither stored nor linked to any user account .
We may also collect anonymous , statistical data from users of the Services , such as a user 's browser version , operating system version , country , page loading time , type of device , number of visits , time using the Services , network , demographic estimates , flow-through the website and/or Services or referral source , which may then be aggregated .
We may use non-personal data that we collect from you to improve the Services or to support advertising services .
For registered users , this anonymous , statistical data may include that relating to their activities , such as high scores , game rankings , league rankings , game challenges , avatars etc .
If you register to use the Services via Facebook Connect , a service which you need to be over 13 years of age to use , you give us express permission to receive data from Facebook such as your name , user ID , gender , location ( country and/or city specific ) , email address , date of birth and avatar .
For Facebook Connect users we store the following information : user ID , first name , email address , date of birth , gender , avatar and other information based on your use of our Services .
Your email address and the access token ( by which Facebook grants us permission to access certain information ) are encrypted .
Making purchases through the Services
If , as a registered user , you choose to purchase any items while using the Services on Miniclip.com or elsewhere , we will be able to access your payment information which is collected by our payment processing providers who ensure your credit card information is encrypted .
Miniclip does not store your credit card information .
When using our smartphone applications certain features like our newsfeed may collect additional non-personal data from you including , without limitation , device , platform , hashed MAC address , device operating system version and/or generated device identifier information ; this data is used to support internal operations only .
We may collect country and/or city information so that we can send push notifications at more convenient times .
If you would like to opt out of these notifications , you can disable notifications to the relevant app using the settings in your smartphone .
Information that is reasonably necessary
Miniclip does not require users under 13 years of age to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to use the Services and/or as a condition of participation .
How we use and disclose the information
We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary .
We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms .
By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy , users over 13 years of age authorise us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including to send email , SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services .
We may sometimes use information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Services , to customize our Services or to personalise our visitors ' experience or to offer products , advertising , programs and services .
We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyse usage of the Services or to offer products , programs , or additional services .
Miniclip may disclose information to third parties in special cases , such as ( 1 ) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Miniclip 's property , visitors , or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or to comply with the law , applicable regulations , governmental and quasi-governmental requests , court orders or subpoenas ; ( 2 ) our agents , outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf ( e.g. , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing customer service , processing orders , etc . ) ; ( 3 ) when the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you ; ( 4 ) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase , transfer or sale of services or assets ( e.g. , in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party , customer information may be one of the transferred assets ) ; or ( 5 ) as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy .
Collection of Information by Third-Parties and Sponsors ; Opting Out
We do not disclose personal data of users under 13 years of age to any third parties .
We use Google Adsense and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving ads when you visit Miniclip.com .
We use web analytics tools , such as Google Analytics , to analyse the use of the Services .
Miniclip may use information about your use of the Services in order to provide advertisements for goods and services that may be of interest to you .
We may also share non-personal information that we collect from you with our business partners or clients so that they may improve their services .
Third party companies , including those whose games run on Miniclip.com , may ask for information from you which would be governed by the privacy policy of such companies ; in which case they should provide adequate disclosure of their privacy policies to you .
We advise you to take care when any company or third party game provider asks you to input personal data .
Third parties ( including ad networks , ad exchanges , advertisers and/or game developers whose games can be found on the Site but which are hosted on servers elsewhere ) and/or Miniclip may be placing and reading standard and/or flash cookies on your browser and machine , or using web beacons to collect non-personal information in the course of your use of the Services .
While using the Services you may be able to connect to social networking sites or find games and products of other companies .
Please note that your use of these other companies ' services , such as Facebook Connect or Club Penguin , will be governed by the relevant operator 's terms and conditions and privacy policy .
Deleting , amending or updating your data
In our provision of the Services we have implemented appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorised access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online .
We use industry-standard practices such as encryption , physically secured rooms , firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information that we might collect from you .
We also strive to limit access to personal information to employees performing a legitimate business function .
We review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods .
Parents , if you would like to review your child 's information , ask to have it deleted , and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child 's information , then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland .
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you .
Our phone number is +41 327 235902 .
To protect your child 's privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child .
Changes to this Privacy Policy ; Contacting Us
This Privacy Policy is part of Miniclip 's Terms and Conditions to which you agree by using the Services , including accessing the Miniclip.com website .
You agree that Miniclip may change this Privacy Policy and the Miniclip Terms and Conditions at any time .
Or you can write to us at Miniclip S.A. , Rue des Beaux-Arts 8 , 2000 , Neuchtel , Switzerland .
Miniclip recommends that parents take time to communicate and educate their children about Internet Safety .

IN RELATION TO ALL WEBSITES AND WEBSITE SERVICES OFFERED BY MGN LIMITED
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our websites and our mobile applications ( `` the Website '' ) .
In this Privacy Policy , when we refer to any of our Website , we mean any website or mobile application operated by or on behalf of Trinity Mirror plc or its parent companies , subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively `` Trinity Mirror '' ) , regardless of how you access the network .
By accessing the Website , you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions whenever you access the Website on any device .
This Privacy Policy forms part of and is incorporated into our Website Terms and Conditions
Any changes to this policy will be posted here .
We reserve the right to vary this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall become effective as soon as they are posted .
Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such changes .
We are committed to protecting the personal information you give us and telling you how we use the information we gather about you
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We want to offer you a service which you want to use .
We may use information about you to help us customise the Website , to remember you and to improve its usefulness to you .
We may use this information to notify you about changes to the Website or products , services or promotions of ours and others ( with your consent ) that we think you might find of interest .
It can also help us to choose articles and services we think will interest you .
Information about you helps us sell space to advertisers of products and services relevant to you so that we can continue to fund the Website through advertising and you can continue to use the Website for free .
We may send you administrative and promotional emails relating to the Website and updates about the Website .
We may personalise your visits to the Website and develop the design and style of the Website to improve the services provided to you .
We may need to contact you to about a comment you have submitted or material you have posted on the Website or in order to verify your identity form time to time .
In addition to the services we provide on this web site we may want to offer you goods and services provided by us and others ( with your consent ) which are of interest to you .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect information from you when you fill in an online registration form for any of the services available on our Website , ( e.g. , chat areas , your Profile page , forums , shopping , advisory services , competitions etc . ) .
We may also collect information you give us over the telephone or in written or other communications .
The type of information we will collect includes , for example , your name , mailing address , email address , telephone numbers , gender , preferences and , where relevant , financial , credit card or bank details .
We collect information about your use of the Website and services it offers through `` cookies '' .
For more information on `` cookies '' please see our Cookie Policy which forms part of this Privacy Policy .
In addition to personal information , we may also collect information about you automatically when you visit the Website by using cookies ( small text files ) trends which we may make use of ourselves , or pass to our associated companies or to unconnected parties and our advertising partner may also use cookies to serve advertisements that it believes are most likely to be of use or interest to you .
For more information about cookies , including how to turn this feature off , please visit our Cookie Policy
If you register to use services via Facebook Connect , we may collect other types of information .
These are all shown at the time you use Facebook to register .
HOW WE ENSURE PRIVACY IS MAINTAINED
We endeavour to ensure that your data is stored securely and to prevent unauthorised access .
We have security measures in place to protect your information which we monitor regularly .
Unfortunately , despite our measures , because of the nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that your information will remain at all times 100 % secure .
The continuing efforts of hackers to defeat even the newest of security systems means that we can never make this promise .
Please be aware that if you disclose information on chat areas , your Profile page , comment areas , forums or other public services it may be possible for other people to use this information .
We are not responsible for the disclosure of any information you post in this way .
We comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 and all other legislation which governs the maintenance of privacy in your information .
The Website provides a number of links to web sites not operated by us or by companies associated with us .
We take no responsibility for the use of any information about you which is collected as a result of your use of these websites and this privacy policy does not extend to any website operated by anybody other than us .
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CONSENT
By using the Website , you agree that we may disclose your personal information to any company within Trinity Mirror group of companies .
We will not make use of your personal information for direct marketing activities , or supply this information to third parties for their direct marketing activities without your consent .
By direct marketing activities , we mean the communication directly to particular individuals ( by e-mail , post or telephone ) of any advertising or marketing material..
If you wish to receive marketing material from MGN Ltd , from companies in the same group as MGN Ltd or from carefully selected third parties you should tick the appropriate box on the registration form ( s ) .
In particular , even where we have your consent we will only disclose your financial , credit card or bank details to our agents and/or third party suppliers of products or services on a need to know basis including , for example , in relation to the fulfilment of any e-commerce transactions .
We may disclose details about use of the Website to other businesses e.g . to demonstrate patterns of use to advertisers and other business partners .
The information we pass on will not include any personal information by which you may be identified .
We compile anonymous records of user trends which we may make use of ourselves , or pass to our associated companies .
We will comply with any court order requesting or requiring the disclosure of the identity or location of or any other information in relation to anyone who has accessed the Website and we may also disclose such information where we are advised by our lawyers that a court order would be granted requiring us to disclose it , even if no legal proceedings have been commenced in relation to the same .
We endeavour to prevent unauthorised disclosures of your personal information by other people , but we are not responsible for any unauthorised disclosures or other breaches of security or for the actions of others if the information was passed to them with your authority or with the authority of anybody other than us or our associated companies .
We may transfer , sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale , merger , consolidation , change of control , transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business .
OBTAINING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any other queries or concerns about the way we are collecting and using your personal information , please write to us ( including full details of your request ) at :
We may charge an administration fee ( not exceeding the maximum permitted by law ) in relation to fulfilling a request for access to personal information .

TERMS OF USE & USER CONDUCT
This Agreement ( the `` Agreement '' ) governs your access and use of the services at MixedMartialArts.com ( the `` Service '' ) .
In consideration for your right to access and use the Service , you and MixedMartialArts.com agree as follows :
By clicking the `` Submit '' button below , you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and any modifications made to it in accordance with Section XVI below .
MixedMartialArts.com is an online application which , among other functions , enables individuals and businesses to join and participate in an online community .
You understand and agree that the Service is provided `` AS-IS '' and that MixedMartialArts.com assumes no responsibility for , among other things ,
( A ) any service outages or interruptions
( B ) the unavailability of particular boards , features or services ,
( C ) the inability to access the Service ,
( D ) the failure or inability to post materials to the Service ,
( E ) the deletion of materials posted to the Service or
( F ) the failure to store materials posted to the service .
CONTENT ACCESSIBLE ON THE SERVICE
MixedMartialArts.com contains a great variety of information , data , messages , directions , computer programs , pictures , videos , audio/visual works and other materials ( the `` Content '' ) that users post .
Please use caution and common sense when viewing content .
You understand and agree that any Content posted on the Service is the exclusive responsibility of the person who posted or uploaded it , and that you will be solely responsible for any Content that you upload , post , email or otherwise transmit via the Service .
You acknowledge that MixedMartialArts.com is not responsible for , does not control , does not endorse , and does not verify the Content posted to the Service or available through the service , and that it makes no guarantee regarding the reliability , accuracy , legitimacy or quality of any such Content .
You agree that you will bear any and all risk of reliance on the accuracy , validity or legitimacy of such Content .
Under no circumstances will MixedMartialArts.com be liable in any way to you for any Content , including , but not limited to , any errors or omissions in any Content or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted or otherwise transmitted via the Service .
You acknowledge that MixedMartialArts.com does not pre-screen Content , but agree that MixedMartialArts.com shall have the right ( but not the obligation ) to access any content , remove or restrict access to any Content on the Service in its sole discretion and without notice or compensation .
Without limiting the foregoing , MixedMartialArts.com shall have the right to access any content and remove or restrict access to any Content that violates this Agreement or that MixedMartialArts.com believes is otherwise objectionable .
You acknowledge and agree that MixedMartialArts.com may preserve or disclose any Content if it reasonably believes disclosure is required by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to :
( a ) comply with legal process ;
( b ) enforce this Agreement ;
( c ) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties ; or
( d ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of MixedMartialArts.com , its users and the public .
LICENSE GRANTED TO MIXEDMARTIALARTS.COM
You grant MixedMartialArts.com the world-wide , royalty free and non-exclusive license to reproduce , modify , adapt , distribute and publish any Content you post/upload/contribute to the Service .
You agree to not use the Service to :
( A ) violate or solicit the violation of any applicable local , state , national or international law ;
( B ) infringe the rights of any third party , including but not limited to intellectual property rights and privacy or publicity rights ;
( C ) upload , post , email or otherwise transmit any Content that :
( 1 ) is unlawful , threatening , abusive , tortious , defamatory , obscene , libelous , or invasive of another 's privacy ;
( 2 ) consists of instructional information on illegal activities , including , but not limited to , hacking , cracking , and phreaking ;
( 3 ) constitutes sexual material of an obscene nature or that violates local , state or national laws .
This includes obscene text , images , videos , sounds , or links to page ( s ) containing same , either explicitly , or contained in the properties of an otherwise acceptable image ;
( 4 ) unless otherwise noted , contains nudity , or that clearly shows a sexual situation ;
( 5 ) contains software viruses , Trojan horses , or any other computer code , files or programs designed to interrupt , destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment ; or
( 6 ) you do not have a right to upload or post due to contractual or other legal obligation ;
( 7 ) is in violation of proprietary rights of others , including , without limitation , copyrighted software , music , photographs , text , videos or artwork .
Of particular concern is the unauthorized copying , duplication , or transferring of instructional and event video .
Do not leave any contact information for yourself in a thread mentioning fight or instructional video tapes or DVDs .
Do not post the url of any web site that offers bootleg video , either for sale in videotape or DVD form , or for download .
( 8 ) is in violation of privacy rights of others .
Private information includes but is not limited to drug use , infidelity , sexual orientation , home address , phone and other contact information , Social Security number , or credit card number ;
( D ) spam or disseminate multiple messages , particularly those promoting any product , service , web site , board or venture , on the Service through unsolicited electronic mail messages to third parties , through posting on a board , through making comments , through uploading video content , or by any other means .
The appropriate dissemination of information about your service or product is allowed with any professional membership .
If your efforts are charitable , no professional membership is required .
( E ) troll , or post specious arguments , flames , or personal attacks in a manner to and for no other purpose than to attract predictable responses , annoy someone , or disrupt a discussion ;
( F ) impersonate any person or entity , including , but not limited to , a MixedMartialArts.com official , moderator , member , or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity ;
( G ) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service ;
( H ) disseminate content off topic , particularly those promoting any product , service , web site , board or venture , on the Service through unsolicited electronic mail messages to third parties , through posting on a board , through making comments , through uploading video content , or by any other means .
( I ) interfere with or disrupt the Service , computer servers , or boards accessible through the Service ;
( J ) behave in a belligerent , inhospitable manner , that casts the great sport of MMA in a poor light .
The simple standard is to post only as you would if you were speaking to the person face to face .
Prohibited conduct includes but is not limited to :
( 1 ) fighting words , those words that by their very utterance inflict injury or tend to incite an immediate breach of the peace .
These include but are not limited to racial , sexual , and religious slurs .
If for whatever reason you wish to engage in a MMA contest with another person , it must be approached through the appropriate channels .
( 2 ) swearing at another member of the page , joking or not , or attacking them in a comparable manner .
( 3 ) posting curse words in a thread titles , including masked spellings like Bit** or Sh ! T .
Swearing should be kept to a minimum generally
( 4 ) posting on the topic of illegal drug use in anything but an educational , informative manner .
Of particular concern are attacks directed at page moderators .
Of highest concern are prominent figures in the field , notably fighters .
These individuals are due respect and admiration .
If you must post negative comments , these must be respectful , as if you were speaking to the person in question face to face .
However , prominent figures in the community are in turn subject to the Terms of Service identically to any other member of the community , without exception .
( K ) post content that is not family friendly .
In addition to photos and videos which contain nudity or sexual activities , here are some other examples of unacceptable content :
( 1 ) Lewd or provocative images ;
( 2 ) Crude or indecent language , including adult stories ;
( 3 ) Sexual tips or advice ;
( 4 ) Sexual fetish sites ( e.g . foot fetish content ) ;
( 5 ) Adult toys or products ;
( 6 ) Ads or links to external sites containing adult content .
In short , if you would n't be comfortable viewing what you post at work or with family members around , then it probably is n't appropriate to post on MixedMartialArts.com .
LIMITATIONS , CONDITIONS AND RULES REGARDING SERVICE
You agree that MixedMartialArts.com may establish , in its sole discretion , any limitations , conditions or rules concerning use of the Service , including , for example , the maximum number of messages a user may post to a given board or the Service in a given day , the number of days that posted messages will be available , or the maximum size of a given post .
You acknowledge that MixedMartialArts.com has the right to change these general practices and limits at any time , in its sole discretion , with or without notice .
MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICE
MixedMartialArts.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue , temporarily or permanently , the Service ( or any part of it ) with or without notice .
You agree that MixedMartialArts.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification , suspension or discontinuance of the Service .
You agree that MixedMartialArts.com may , at its sole discretion :
( 1 ) contact you a with a User Conduct reminder
( 2 ) edit your content ,
( 3 ) remove and discard your content , either in part or wholly ,
( 4 ) block further posting in a specific thread ,
( 5 ) block posting privileges for a period of time ,
( 6 ) block posting privileges permanently , or
( 7 ) terminate your ability to use the Service , for any reason or for no reason , including , without limitation , for lack of use , or for violating the letter or the spirit of this Agreement .
You agree that any termination of your access to the Service may be immediate and without prior notice .
You further agree that MixedMartialArts.com shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your use or ability to access the Service .
If any of the aforementioned steps are taken , you agree not to try to circumvent them .
MixedMartialArts.com is under no burden to detail the specific penalties associated with each violation of the Terms of Use and User Conduct .
In serious cases we can and have pursued legal action .
OTHER WEB SITES AND RESOURCES
Third parties using the Service may provide links or access to other web sites and resources .
Because MixedMartialArts.com has no control over such sites and resources , you acknowledge and agree that MixedMartialArts.com is not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products , or other materials on or available from such sites or resources .
You further acknowledge and agree that MixedMartialArts.com shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content , goods or services available on or through any such site or resource .
NO RESALE , REDISTRIBUTION OR REPURPOSING OF SERVICE OR CONTENT
You agree not to reproduce , duplicate , copy , sell , resell or exploit for any commercial or non-commercial purposes , use of the Service , access to the Service or any of the Content accessible through the Service , other than Content to which you hold the intellectual property rights .
USE OF COLLECTED DATA
The user acknowledges that MixedMartialArts.com may collect marketing data and or other information from user .
MixedMartialArts.com shall have the right to use this information , license it , or sell it to other parties , and the user agrees to update the information .
User expressly waives any cause of action and agrees to hold harmless MixedMartialArts.com for any misuse intentional or otherwise .
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT :
( A ) your use of the service is at your sole risk .
The service is provided on an `` as is '' and `` as available '' basis .
MixedMartialArts.com expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind , whether expressed or implied , including , but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement .
( B ) MixedMartialArts.com makes no warranty that
( i ) the service will meet your requirements ,
( ii ) the service will be uninterrupted , timely , secure , or error-free ,
( iii ) the information that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable .
( C ) any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is obtained and used at your sole risk and discretion and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material .
( D ) no advice or information , whether oral or written , obtained by you through or from the service shall create any warranty by MixedMartialArts.com .
You expressly understand and agree that MixedMartialArts.com shall not be liable for any direct , indirect , incidental , special , consequential or exemplary damages , including but not limited to , damages for loss of profits , goodwill , use , data or other intangible losses ( even if MixedMartialArts.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages ) , resulting from :
( i ) the use or the inability to use the service ;
( ii ) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods , data , information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service ;
( iii ) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data ;
( iv ) statements or conduct of any third party on the service ; or
( v ) any other matter relating to the service .
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages .
Accordingly , some of the above limitations of sections xiii and xiv may not apply to you .
You agree to indemnify and hold MixedMartialArts.com , and its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , agents , employees , and contractors harmless from any claim or demand , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit , post to or transmit through the Service , your use of the Service , your connection to the Service , your violation of the law , this Agreement or the rights of another .
User may not assign or transfer this contract to any other individual or entity .
User further acknowledges and agrees that MixedMartialArts.com may , in its sole discretion , with or without notice , assign any or all of its obligations under this agreement to any third party .
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail .
MixedMartialArts.com may also provide notices of changes to this Agreement or the Service by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service .
This Agreement and your relationship with MixedMartialArts.com shall be governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts without regard to its conflict of law provisions .
You and MixedMartialArts.com agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within Hampshire County , USA , and agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary , any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Agreement must be filed within one ( 1 ) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred .
We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on our site at mixedmartialarts.com/mma.cfm ? go=signup.home .
All amendments shall automatically be effective after they are initially posted on our site .
Your use of the Service following the effective date of any modifications shall constitute your binding acceptance of those modifications .
This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing signed by a duly empowered officer of MixedMartialArts.com .
Explicitly site moderators are not empowered to modify this agreement .
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and MixedMartialArts.com with respect to the Service and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between you and MixedMartialArts.com .
MixedMartialArts.com 's failure to enforce any provision of this agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right .
In the event that a portion of this agreement is held unenforceable , the unenforceable portion will be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties , and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect .
Paragraphs VIIII , XI , XII , XIII and XVI of this Agreement shall survive any termination of the Agreement .
* Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
* Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
* We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .

By Tim Dierkes [ August 31 , 2007 at 11:59pm CST ]
This is a Dierkes Information Services , Inc. website .
Our postal address is
Glen Ellyn , IL 60138
For each visitor to our Web page , our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer 's domain name , but not the e-mail address ( where possible ) .
We collect only the domain name , but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page , aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit , information volunteered by the consumer , such as survey information and/or site registrations .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page only .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
With respect to Ad Servers : To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you , we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages .
As a result of your visit to our site , ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type , your IP address and clickstream information .
For further information , consult the privacy policy of :
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy , you may contact us at the above addresses .

MMORPG.COM is committed to protecting your privacy .
This statement of privacy defines and governs how we gather and use data at this Web site .
Collection of Your Personal Information
We gather personal information from all registering members .
This includes name , physical address , e-mail address , age and gender .
We also store your personal preferences related to this Web site in your account data .
We also collect data relating to all network connections , primarily your IP address .
We use this information to track fraudulent user activity ( including but not limited to : the use of multiple accounts , account sharing , illegal forum activity . )
Your browser type and version are also detected to better enhance your user experience .
We keep track of what polls you have voted in to prevent duplicate voting .
This data is stored with your user account data .
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information through our messaging system , public forms , or chat rooms - this information could be collected and used by other parties .
MMORPG.COM encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites that you choose to link to from MMORPG.COM so that you know how those web sites collect and use your personal information .
How We Use Your Personal Information
Your physical location , gender , date of membership and last login date is used in your MMORPG.COM `` User Profile '' to create a better sense of community at our site .
In addition we give you the option of displaying your e-mail address and age .
If you wish to hide this data , you can do so in the `` Your Account Settings '' page .
During the account creation process the user has the ability to `` opt-in '' to two separate mailing lists :
Our newsletter is only sent from us , and no more than once per week .
This service is used to notify our members about the status of the site and current events .
This newsletter might contain advertisements or endorsements as a smaller part of the message , but never for this sole purpose .
Our daily digest is only sent from us once per day 5 days a week monday through friday .
This service is used to notify our members about the status of the site and current events .
The daily digest might contain advertisements or endorsements as a smaller part of the message , but never for this sole purpose .
This list will be used to notify our members of special promotions taking place related to MMORPG games .
It will only be sent from us .
These offers can be for beta test offers or other promotions from us or other game companies .
This mailing will never be sent more than four times per month .
NOTE : MMORPG.COM never sells or shares any of your personal information with other parties .
All information is strictly for internal use and all e-mails are only sent from our facilities .
You can change your subscription to either of these mailings by updating your account profile by selecting `` Your Account Settings '' and then modifying the options in `` Alert Settings '' .
MMORPG.COM may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or the site ; ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of our company , including the MMORPG.COM Web site ; or ( c ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MMORPG.COM , its web sites , or the public .
Securing Your Personal Information
MMORPG.COM takes all necessary measures to protect your personal information by deploying safe network models for storing and retrieving data .
All credit card data is sent over secure SSL connections using 128-bit encryption .
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you , and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
MMORPG.COM uses cookies to store your preferences at our site and to track the `` session state '' of your visit .
If you choose to use our `` auto-login '' feature , we store your username and password using a simple encryption technique in a cookie on your computer .
We never use cookies to gather or share your personal information .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you will not be able to access the MMORPG.COM site - as our site requires them to function properly and prevent site abuse .
This web site is the exclusive property of Cyber Creations Inc. and may not be copied or reproduced without written permission .
All graphics are the property of , or licensed by , Cyber Creations Inc. , for use within this Web site .
All game logos , or game-specific designs are used by permission by the individual publishing company .
These images are copyrighted by their respective owners .
These images may not be copied or reproduced without permission from their respective owners .

Your privacy is important to us .
MNN.com has prepared these privacy and security policies ( `` Statement '' ) so you may better understand how MNN.com ( `` our Website '' ) may use your personal information in connection with our Website and services , as well as how it protects your information against unauthorized use .
Please take the time to review this Statement and contact us with any questions or concerns .
MNN.com may ask you to register and provide personal information in certain instances , such as when you choose to personalize your use of our Website for environmental interest , when you ask a question of our experts , or when you contact our customer support group .
Personally identifiable information that we may collect includes your name , e-mail address , and address .
MNN.com may also collect demographic information such as your age , gender , zip code , and interests .
If you choose not to register , you can still use most of our Website .
But you wo n't have full access to our user-generated video and blogging channels .
Children 's Personal Information
MNN.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13 .
If we find out that we have such personal information , we will take reasonable steps to delete it .
MNN.com tracks navigational data ( log files , server logs , click-stream ) and information about how our Website is used by you ( through cookies , Internet tags , or web beacons ) .
We also collect information such as the URL of the Website you previously visited and the time of day that you use our Website .
MNN.com also keeps track of the pages you visit within our Website as well as any transaction details ( downloads , orders , requests , or referrals ) .
You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent , or to refuse or delete cookies altogether , but in such cases certain features of our Website might not function as expected .
On our Website , we will display third-party advertisements .
While many of these advertisements are displayed by MNN.com , we may allow third-party ad-serving companies or ad networks to display advertisements on our Website .
Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie in order to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement .
Thus , third party ad-serving companies or ad networks may compile information about where you are using your computer , where you saw their advertisements , and which ads are clicked on .
This information allows the third party to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
MNN.com does not have access to the cookies that may be placed by the third-party ad-serving companies or ad networks .
We will not share information that will specifically identify you to an ad-serving company or ad
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
MNN.com collects , integrates , and uses your personal information to help enhance and personalize your use of our Website and the services that we may offer .
This information also allows us to provide you with targeted content , information , and advertising ( on our Website , in newsletters , via e-mail , etc . ) .
We also use anonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and reports for various business purposes .
We may aggregate anonymous data and share it with our advertisers or MNN.com partners in order to offer you potentially desirable products and services .
MNN.com may also use your information to communicate via our newsletters , but only after you give your express permission for such communication .
The exception is the case of `` service e-mails , '' which we use to communicate with you regarding the system itself or your use of the system .
Examples include : communication around system downtimes , announcements regarding the launch of new services , responses to customer service enquires , and messages regarding the completion of transactions you have initiated .
The website usage information we collect ( e.g. , cookies , Internet tags , web beacons , etc . ) is used by MNN.com to monitor the operation , technical functions , and quality of our Website and services .
This information is also used to provide general statistics regarding use of our Website .
We may also use such information for research or improvements of our Website and the services we offer you .
This data is also used by MNN.com to deliver customized content and advertising to you when your online behavior indicates that you are interested in a particular subject area .
( i.e . you 've communicated to us that you are particularly interested in recycling )
MNN.com keeps your personally identifiable information confidential .
We do not disclose it to third parties or others that do not have a need to know such information , except under certain circumstances .
Set forth below are various circumstances under which MNN.com may share your personal information :
Certain of our employees and independent contractors have access to your personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of helping us run our business .
These employees and contractors have confidentiality and security obligations .
We may disclose your personally identifiable information in the event that we sell this Website or substantial parts of our business , provided that the buyer agrees to comply with this Statement .
We may share your information with affiliated companies or strategic alliance partners , provided they comply with this Statement .
Although we do not provide your personally identifiable information to our advertising customers and ad networks , we do aggregate and supply them with anonymous data ( for example , `` 5,000 members of MNN.com say that global warming is their top environmental concern '' ) .
If you post any information in public areas of our Website , such as blogs or article-commenting , it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish such information at our discretion and in accordance with our Terms of Use .
We may also share your personally identifiable information to respond to law enforcement requests , court orders , or other legal processes ; or if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to investigate , prevent , or respond to illegal activities , fraud , physical threats to you or others ; or as otherwise required by any applicable law or regulation .
Before we disclose your personally identifiable information for other reasons , we will first obtain your consent , via e-mail , click-through , an online opportunity to enter your preference , or some other manner .
In the event that we disclose your personally identifiable information as set forth above , we will require third party organizations to protect and maintain your personally identifiable information in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Statement .
Except as set forth above , MNN.com will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party , including advertisers , without your explicit consent .
In addition , MNN.com will not sell , rent , or otherwise disclose MNN.com 's e-mail list or address list except as explicitly set forth in this Privacy Policy .
CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MNN.com offers its users choices for the collection , use , and sharing of personally identifiable information at the time a user decides to register .
In addition , users may stop the delivery of future communications from MNN.com by unsubscribing at any time .
For instance , each e-mail you receive ( aside from service e-mails ) contain instructions explaining how to stop receiving such e-mails .
If your personally identifiable information changes ( such as zip code , phone , or e-mail or postal address ) , or if you no longer desire our service , we provide a way for you to correct , update , or delete/deactivate your personally identifiable information .
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION -- SECURITY
MNN.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information .
We use a variety of up-to date security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
For example , we store any personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access .
These systems are located in controlled facilities .
When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet , we protect it through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
You should keep in mind that no Internet communication is ever completely secure or error-free .
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We may periodically update this Statement to reflect changes in our services and policies .
When we post changes to this Statement , we will revise the `` last updated '' date at the top of this Statement .
If there are material changes to the Statement or in how MNN.com will use your personal information , we will notify you either by posting a prominent notice prior to implementing the change or by sending you a direct notification .
We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information .
All customer requests will be formally reviewed by our staff .
Atlanta , GA 30303
Note also that your use of the Website is subject to our Terms of Use .

By using or visiting the mobile9 website or any mobile9 products , softwares , data feeds , and services provided to you on , from , or through the mobile9 website , you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions .
If you do not agree to any of these terms please do not use the Service .
This Service is provided by mobile9 on an `` AS IS '' and `` AS AVAILABLE '' basis and mobile9 reserves the right to modify , suspend or discontinue the Service , in its sole discretion , at any time and without notice .
You agree to be bound by such modifications .
mobile9 is and will not be liable to you for any modification , suspension or discontinuance of the Service .
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Service , including users who are also contributors of Content on the Service .
`` Content '' includes the text , software , scripts , graphics , photos , sounds , music , videos , audiovisual combinations , interactive features and other materials you may view on , access through , or contribute to the Service .
The Service includes all aspects of mobile9 , including but not limited to all products , software and services offered via the mobile9 website , such as the mobile9 `` flash widget , '' and other mobile phone applications .
The Service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by mobile9 .
mobile9 has no control over , and assumes no responsibility for , the content , privacy policies , or practices of any third party websites .
In addition , mobile9 will not and can not censor or edit the content of any third-party site .
By using the Service , you expressly relieve mobile9 from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website .
Accordingly , we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit .
In order to access some features of the Service , you will have to create a mobile9 account .
You may never use another 's account without permission .
When creating your account , you must provide accurate and complete information .
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account , and you must keep your account password secure .
You must notify mobile9 immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account .
Although mobile9 will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account , you may be liable for the losses of mobile9 or others due to such unauthorized use .
Premium Member and Premium Publisher accounts are based on periodic subscription fees which is available for all users .
You can refer to our premium package plans for more details on premium accounts subscriptions .
The subscriptions fees will be billed according to the respective payment method chosen by the user .
For example , paypal users have an option to auto renew their subscriptions .
Users whom use mobile9 credits , their subscription will be automatically renewed provided that they have enough credits in their accounts .
You agree to pay for all charges and fees incurred in connection with your username and password for mobile9 Premium Subscription Service .
All fees and charges are non-refundable .
If you would like to cancel your subscription , switch to another premium service package or if you believe someone has accessed your account without your authorization , please contact us at mobile9 .
A premium account is non-transferable .
You must not share your username and password with anyone else or allow anyone else to access the Site using your username and password .
You are responsible for the content you publish and distribute on mobile9 .
You warrant that you own or have necessary licenses , rights , consents and permissions to publish the contents .
You agree not to publish and create any premium listings for contents that violate our Terms of Service .
mobile9 has the right to remove the listings without any prior notice and fees or charges will not be refunded .
You understand that your subscription or access to contents of the Site will be suspended if you violate the Terms of Service .
Suspended accounts will not be restored and fees or charges will not be refunded .
General Use of the Service-Permissions and Restrictions
mobile9 hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service as set forth in these Terms of Service , provided that :
You agree not to distribute in any medium any part of the Service or the Content without mobile9 's prior written authorization , unless mobile9 makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service ( such as the Flash Widget ) .
You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service .
You agree not to access Content through any technology or means other than the download page of the Service itself , the Flash Widget , or other explicitly authorized means mobile9 may designate .
You agree not to use the Service for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain mobile9 's prior written approval :
the sale of access to the Service ;
the sale of advertising , sponsorships , or promotions placed on or within the Service or Content ; or
the sale of advertising , sponsorships , or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service , unless other material not obtained from mobile9 appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales .
Prohibited commercial uses do not include :
uploading an original material to mobile9 , or maintaining an original profile on mobile9 , to promote your business or enterprise ;
any use that mobile9 expressly authorizes in writing .
If you use the Flash Widget on your website , you may not modify , build upon , or block any portion or functionality of the Flash Widget , including but not limited to links back to the mobile9 website .
You agree not to use or launch any automated system , including without limitation , `` robots , '' `` spiders , '' or `` offline readers , '' that accesses the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the mobile9 servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , mobile9 grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials , but not caches or archives of such materials .
mobile9 reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases .
You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information , including account names , from the Service , nor to use the communication systems provided by the Service ( e.g. , comments , email ) for any commercial solicitation purposes .
You agree not to solicit , for commercial purposes , any users of the Service with respect to their Content .
You agree not to create posts , publish or distribute contents to mobile9 of any kind that is , within the sole dicretion of mobile9 , determined to be commercial , illegal , offensive or potentially harmful to others including but not limited to content that :
Infringes upon the rights of any third party , including but not limited to copyrights , trademarks , patents , trade secrets , design rights , moral rights or other third party proprietary rights , including privacy and publicity rights .
Files/contents should not contain third party copyrighted material , or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights , unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant mobile9 all of the license rights granted herein ;
Promotes the infringement of copyright or other third party rights , e.g . providing a list of hyperlinks to websites that contain pirated software or media files , hacking/cracking , etc . ;
Contains improper , incorrect and fake contents in any way that contents are with a different preview and incorrect title ;
Is duplicated or contains the same files and contents that already exist on mobile9 ;
Contains software viruses or any other malicious computer code , files or programs designed to interrupt , destroy or alter the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment owned by another party ;
Is offensive , abusive , threatening , harassing , stalking , promoting violence , racism , harm , hatred or bigotry against any group or individual ;
Is libellous , defamatory or promotes information that you know is false or illegal ;
Violates the privacy of others , including but not limited to posting the photograph of another person without that person 's consent ;
Solicits information from anyone under the age of 18 ;
Is pornographic , sexually explicit or contains nudity ;
Is or contains an advertisement , a marketing initiative , solicitation of a business , or otherwise significantly connected with any commercial purpose ;
Is unlawful or illegal , criminal or tortuous in nature ( such as child pornography , fraud , gambling ) .
In your use of the Service , you will comply with all applicable laws .
mobile9 reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time .
Your Use of Content
In addition to the general restrictions above , the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content .
All brand , product and service names used in this Service which identify mobile9 or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of mobile9 and/or the relevant third parties .
Nothing in this Service shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of mobile9 or any third party with respect to any such image , logo or name .
Content is provided to you AS IS .
You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service and as permitted under these Terms of Service .
You shall not download any Content unless you see a `` download '' or similar link displayed by mobile9 on the Service for that Content .
You shall not copy , reproduce , distribute , transmit , broadcast , display , sell , license , or otherwise exploit any Content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of mobile9 or the respective licensors of the Content .
mobile9 and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Service and the Content .
You agree not to circumvent , disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the Content therein .
You understand that when using the Service , you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources , and that mobile9 is not responsible for the accuracy , usefulness , safety , or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content .
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate , offensive , indecent , or objectionable , and you agree to waive , and hereby do waive , any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against mobile9 with respect thereto , and , to the extent permitted by applicable law , agree to indemnify and hold harmless mobile9 , its owners , operators , affiliates , licensors , and licensees to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Service .
Your Content and Conduct
As a mobile9 account holder you may submit Content to the Service , including graphics ( themes , wallpapers , screensavers , etc ) , softwares and user comments .
You understand that mobile9 does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit .
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your Content on the Service .
You affirm , represent , and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses , rights , consents , and permissions to publish Content you submit ; and you license to mobile9 all patent , trademark , trade secret , copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms of Service .
You retain all of your ownership rights in your Content .
However , by submitting Content to mobile9 , you hereby grant mobile9 a worldwide , non-exclusive , royalty-free , sublicenseable and transferable license to use , reproduce , distribute , prepare derivative works of , display , and perform the Content in connection with the Service and mobile9 's ( and its successors ' and affiliates ' ) business , including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service ( and derivative works thereof ) in any media formats and through any media channels .
You also hereby grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Service , and to use , reproduce , distribute , display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under these Terms of Service .
The above licenses granted by you in Content you submit to the Service terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your videos from the Service .
You understand and agree , however , that mobile9 may retain , but not display , distribute , or perform , server copies of your Content that have been removed or deleted .
The above licenses granted by you in user comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable .
You further agree that Content you submit to the Service will not contain third party copyrighted material , or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights , unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant mobile9 all of the license rights granted herein .
mobile9 does not endorse any Content submitted to the Service by any user or other licensor , or any opinion , recommendation , or advice expressed therein , and mobile9 expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content .
mobile9 does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Service , and mobile9 will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another 's intellectual property rights .
mobile9 reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice .
mobile9 has no ability to control the Content you may upload , post or otherwise transmit using the Service and does not have any obligation to monitor such Content for any purpose .
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for all Content and material you upload , post or otherwise transmit using the Service .
mobile9 will terminate a user 's access to the Service if , under appropriate circumstances , the user is determined to be a repeat infringer .
mobile9 reserves the right to decide whether Content violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement , such as , but not limited to , pornography , obscenity .
mobile9 may at any time , without prior notice and in its sole discretion , remove such Content and/or terminate a user 's account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service .
mobile9 has changed its Analytics tracking code to support Display Advertising .
The features we have implemented is the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting .
You can choose to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings .
mobile9 will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless mobile9 have robust notice of , and the your prior affirmative ( i.e. , opt-in ) consent to , that merger .
We encourage you to read more on Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on .
mobile9 may use data from Google 's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data ( such as age , gender and interests ) with Google Analytics .
This helps mobile9 better understand how our Service is being used and to help tailor content and advertising on the Service .
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK .
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW , MOBILE9 , ITS OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , EMPLOYEES , AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF .
MOBILE9 MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE 'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ( I ) ERRORS , MISTAKES , OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT , ( II ) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE , OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER , RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES , ( III ) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN , ( IV ) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES , ( IV ) ANY BUGS , VIRUSES , TROJAN HORSES , OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY , AND/OR ( V ) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED , EMAILED , TRANSMITTED , OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES .
MOBILE9 DOES NOT WARRANT , ENDORSE , GUARANTEE , OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING , AND MOBILE9 WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES .
AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT , YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE .
IN NO EVENT SHALL MOBILE9 , ITS OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , EMPLOYEES , OR AGENTS , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , PUNITIVE , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY ( I ) ERRORS , MISTAKES , OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT , ( II ) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE , OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER , RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES , ( III ) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN , ( IV ) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES , ( IV ) ANY BUGS , VIRUSES , TROJAN HORSES , OR THE LIKE , WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY , AND/OR ( V ) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED , EMAILED , TRANSMITTED , OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES , WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY , CONTRACT , TORT , OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY , AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION .
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT MOBILE9 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY , OFFENSIVE , OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU .
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America .
mobile9 makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations .
Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law .
To the extent permitted by applicable law , you agree to defend , indemnify and hold harmless mobile9 , its parent corporation , officers , directors , employees and agents , from and against any and all claims , damages , obligations , losses , liabilities , costs or debt , and expenses ( including but not limited to attorney 's fees ) arising from : ( i ) your use of and access to the Service ; ( ii ) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service ; ( iii ) your violation of any third party right , including without limitation any copyright , property , or privacy right ; or ( iv ) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party .
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Service .
Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age , or an emancipated minor , or possess legal parental or guardian consent , and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms , conditions , obligations , affirmations , representations , and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service , and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service .
These Terms of Service , and any rights and licenses granted hereunder , may not be transferred or assigned by you , but may be assigned by mobile9 without restriction .
You agree that : ( i ) the Service shall be deemed solely based in the California ; and ( ii ) the Service shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over mobile9 , either specific or general , in jurisdictions other than California .
These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California , without respect to its conflict of laws principles .
Any claim or dispute between you and mobile9 that arises in whole or in part from the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Santa Clara County , California .
These Terms of Service and any other legal notices published by mobile9 on the Service , shall constitute the entire agreement between you and mobile9 concerning the Service .
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction , the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service , which shall remain in full force and effect .
No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term , and mobile9 's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision .
mobile9 reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice , and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes .
Your use of the Service following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms .
YOU AND MOBILE9 AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE ( 1 ) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES .
OTHERWISE , SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED .
Dated : November 20 , 2013

Truste_seal_ctv Click to Verify - This site has chosen an SSL Certificate to improve Web site security
At ModCloth , we take your online security very seriously , and we 're committed to protecting your privacy and personal information .
We 've compiled this statement to explain how we collect , use , and secure your information .
Please read on , and visit our Terms of Use for more information .
Information We Collect & How We Use It
ModCloth.com requests and collects personal information from our customers at various site locations and instances , including , but not limited to , when you create a ModCloth.com membership , make a purchase , communicate with us via social media , write a product review , create a wishlist , participate in events , contests , or promotions , contact our customer care team , or post other customer-generated content to this Site .
These are currently the primary ways in which we gather information , however , we may also collect data through other channels in the future .
The types of personal information we may collect from you can vary according to the method through which it was attained .
It may include , but is not limited to , the following :
Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us , such as :
- Billing information and payment details ( such as billing address , credit card details , and other sensitive financial information , specifically for the purpose of completing your transaction )
- Username and password for your ModCloth.com membership
- A record of your ModCloth.com orders , purchase history , and shopping behavior and preferences
- Information provided by you through your interactions with us in social media
- Location and geographic information that could be collected if you use our mobile site or app .
- Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties .
- Additionally , when you select to email a friend your wishlist or tell a friend about ModCloth.com , we request their email address from you to send them a one-time email .
We do not share your friend 's email information for any other purposes unless that friend creates a membership to ModCloth.com .
We use third-party website analytics tools ( including Omniture Site Catalyst , QuantCast , and Google Analytics ) that automatically collect non-personally identifiable information from your browser to our server logs whenever you interact with our Site .
Such information includes , but is not limited to , IP address , pages viewed , site navigation patterns , details about the devices used to access the Internet and our Site , and geo-location tracking information if you are accessing our Site from a mobile device .
It is obtained by automated means , such as cookies and web beacons .
`` Cookies '' are text files that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive as you navigate our Site and other sites .
We use cookies to help us show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you ; to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction ; and to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity , which enables us to provide you with improved services , site experiences , and tools in the future .
You may be able to adjust the preferences on your browser or device to change your device 's acceptance of cookies , but doing so may limit our ability to provide content tailored to you .
ModCloth does not currently actively respond to `` Do Not Track '' browser signals or mechanisms , but we 're always open to hearing from customers for whom this issue is really important .
We may collect and store non-personally identifiable usage information ( including frequency and number of visitors to our Site ) .
Such data is used only in aggregate form and in a manner that assures your anonymity .
We may provide this anonymous , aggregate information to our partners ; and our partners may additionally use such information in order to determine general usage patterns and trends in an effort to provide you with an improved online experience .
Our website is configured to prevent third-parties from collecting personally identifiable information about you or your online activities without your consent .
Email & Other Communications
We may contact you via email to send you necessary order-related messages , such as order confirmation and shipment confirmation notices .
We may also send you newsletters and additional email messages about our products , services , contests , and promotions that we feel may be of interest to you .
If you no longer wish to receive these and other promotional communications from us , you may select the unsubscribe link which is present in each email .
You may also customize your communication preferences by accessing the email preference center in your ModCloth membership page and adjusting your settings accordingly .
How We Use Your Information
All of the personal information we collect from our customers is for the purpose of the reasoning described above ( see sections b & c ) , as well as :
- processing , verifying , validating , and completing your transaction
- creating , managing , and maintaining your membership to this Site
- providing requested live customer support and services
- record keeping of your purchase history
- enabling communication via our Site , blog , and social networks
- managing your participation in contests and promotions
- sending email as appropriate ( See Section c : Email & Other Communications )
ModCloth.com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older .
If you are under the age of 13 , you are not permitted to submit any personal information to ModCloth.com .
We will promptly delete any personal information from a person under the age of 13 should we discover that we have collected such information from a person under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent .
ModCloth.com does not share the personal information of its users with any unaffiliated third parties for their promotional purposes .
We share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties only as described below :
Payment , Shipping , Referral , & Other Programs
We use a third party payment processor and a third party shipping agent to ensure the payment and delivery of your purchased products .
We also use a third party to administer our referral program .
We may use other third parties for other services from time to time .
These third parties have no authority to use your personal information for their own promotional purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose personal information to our service providers , the government , law enforcement agencies , or other third parties under certain circumstances where a formal request has been made ( such as in responding to a court order , subpoena , or judicial proceeding ) as ModCloth.com , in our sole and absolute discretion , deems necessary and appropriate .
Moreover , in the event of a sale , merger , or transfer of some or all of ModCloth.com 's assets , or dissolution or bankruptcy , your personal information may be transferred to an unaffiliated third party as part of or apart from other transferred assets or assets .
Any transfer will then be governed by and be the responsibility of any purchaser of or successor to the transferred assets or assets .
We shall notify you by a notice on the home page of any change in the information practices governing your personal information as a result of any transfer of assets or any asset change in ownership , and your choices in how your information is used .
Links to Third Party Websites
This Site contains links to other websites .
ModCloth.com takes no responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website you visit prior to disclosing your personal information .
User-Generated Content & Information Disclosure
Any personal information or image content you voluntarily disclose online in a manner that other users can view ( including , but not limited to : product reviews , Be the Buyer comments , on social media pages , in connection with contests and promotions , and on the ModCloth blog ) becomes publicly available , and can be read , collected , and used by other members of this forum to send you unsolicited messages .
Your membership name , email , or other information may also be displayed when you post comments or upload images throughout the Site .
ModCloth.com is not responsible for the personal information users select to disclose in these forums .
How We Protect Your Information
ModCloth.com utilizes some of the most advanced technology available today for Internet security purposes .
When you access our checkout using industry standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology , your information is protected with both server authentication and data encryption , ensuring that your data is safe , secure , and available only to ModCloth .
Our site is verified by VeriSign and uses Braintree for all of our secure credit card transactions .
We are a BBB accredited business .
In addition , ModCloth.com is hosted in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or outside access to keep us all safe !
Accessing Your Personal Information & Preferences
You can access , update , or change your personal information and communication preferences by signing into your ModCloth membership page and modifying your preferences at your discretion .
You can choose not to provide us with any or all of the information we specify or request , but then you may not be able to create a membership with us or to take advantage of some or all of our features .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family , or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses .
If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g . requests made in 2012 will receive information regarding 2011 sharing activities ) .
We will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response .
Not all information sharing is covered by the `` Shine the Light '' requirements , and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response .
ModCloth may , at any time and without notice , modify and update this Privacy Policy by revising it on the Site .
Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of any such revisions .
You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy .
Last updated December 3 , 2013
We welcome your questions , comments , and concerns about this Privacy Policy and Site .
You can reach us at :
651 Brannan Street , Suite 300
San Francisco , CA , 94107

moneycontrol.com is strongly committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal and financial information secure .
To earn your trust and confidence in our commitment , we are fully disclosing our privacy practices .
We encourage you to read our privacy statement to understand what types of personally identifiable information we collect and how we use this information .
Information collected by moneycontrol.com and how it is used
moneycontrol.com only collects the necessary personally identifiable information in order to respond to your requests for our customized products and services .
Personally identifiable information includes , but is not limited to , first and last name , physical address , e-mail address , phone number , birth date , and any other information that itself identifies or when tied to the above information , may identify you as a specific individual .
This website does not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it .
moneycontrol.com and its service partners use your personally identifiable information to operate the sites and services and to inform you of new features , services , and products from moneycontrol.com and its affiliates .
moneycontrol.com may also carefully select other companies to send you information about their products or services which are related to the site 's service but are not necessary to its operation ( an `` Extended Service '' ) .
If moneycontrol.com intends to use personally identifiable information for an Extended Service , the moneycontrol.com site will provide you with the ability and requisite instructions to decline this service .
You may also stop the delivery of informational or promotional mail from moneycontrol.com by following the instructions on the mail .
moneycontrol.com may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( i ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the site or its owners ; ( ii ) protect and defend the rights or property of the site-owners , the site or the users of moneycontrol.com , and ( iii ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of moneycontrol.com , the site , its owners , or the public .
moneycontrol.com has many features that provide for users/members to disclose their identities and communicate with other users/members .
Your use of such features and disclosure of any personal details ( e.g . e-mail address ) by you through these features are at your sole risk and moneycontrol.com accepts no responsibility for the same .
The moneycontrol.com site contains links to other websites .
moneycontrol.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .

Monster.s Privacy Commitment .
Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of our users , and strives to provide a safe , secure user experience .
This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to this web site .
The following statement explains Monster.s commitment to managing your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected , held , used or disclosed .
This Privacy Commitment only applies to data gathered on the Monsterindia.com web site ( the `` Web Site '' ) , and does not apply to any other information or web site .
By registering or by using this site , you explicitly accept , without limitation or qualification , the collection , use and transfer of the personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Statement .
Please read this Statement carefully as it affects your rights and liabilities under law .
If you do not accept the Privacy Statement stated herein or disagree with the way we collect and process personal information collected on the Web site , please do not use it .
Scope of this Policy
( the Site or Web Site ) , which is operated and owned by Monster.com ( India ) Private Limited and its Parent Company Monster Worldwide Inc .
( Monster ) .
It is Monster 's policy to comply with data protection legislation .
This regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data .
The Site contain links to other web sites over which we have no control .
Monster is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from this site .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect , use and share your information .
We also do not control the data use practices of either ( a ) employers or others who may access your information on this site , or ( b ) third party Ad Networks and other third parties with whom we work to serve you personalized ads on our sites .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and opt-out choices of those third parties so you can understand how they collect , use and share your information .
Information We Collect and Retain
You do not have to give us any personal information in order to perform job searches or to read the content portions of our Site .
We collect the following general types of information about you when you visit our Sites : personal information , demographic information , behavioral information , and indirect information .
Sometimes we collect combinations of all these types of information .
In each case , it is indicated on the web site whether any personal or demographic data must be provided to use the requested service or not .
Personal information is information that can be used to identify you , or any other individual to whom the information may relate , personally .
We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us .
Some examples of personal information that we collect in some areas of our Site , depending on the services you use and local law , are :
Information about third parties , such as references or contacts , that you provide to us if you have their express written consent to do so
Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics , such as your ZIP code or postal code , age , preferences , gender , race or ethnicity , occupation , career history , interests and favorites .
We also collect behavioral information regarding how you use our site and mobile applications , the areas of our site that you visit , what services you access , and information about your computer hardware and software including your IP address , geolocation , browser and operating system type , domain names , access times and referring Web site addresses .
This information is necessary for analyzing the use of resources , troubleshooting problems , preventing fraud , and improving our services .
In addition , Monster may collect indirect information about you when you use certain third party services on our web site and the collection of such information is considered necessary for that purpose .
We do not collect sensitive personal data or information of users like password of your e mail account ; password of your Monster account ( as it automatically get saved in the Monster server when you create an account or register with Monster and not authorized by Monster for access unless desired under any legal obligation ) ; financial information such as Bank Account details or Credit Card or Debit Card or other payment related details ; physical and mental or other health conditions or medical records and history ; Biometric information such as finger prints , voice & facial patterns and DNA any other sensitive information which is confidential or sensitive by its nature .
We may personalize the advertising that you are shown on our sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
In order to provide this personalization , in addition to information we collect about you on our sites , we acquire information ( including personal , demographic , behavioral and indirect information ) about you from third parties who provide it to us .
How Information is Used
We use the information we gather on the web site for the purposes of providing our services , responding to any queries you may have , operating and improving the web site , fostering a positive user experience and delivering the products and services that we offer to jobseekers and employers .
Our services include the display of personalized products , content , and advertising relating to your career experience and interests , either on our site or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
The information we gather on any Monster web site may be shared within the Monster group of companies or any of the Monster-affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver these products and services we offer to employers such as searches for job seekers or in order to undertake analysis of our database such as aggregate profiling of our registered users .
In this Privacy Commitment , `` affiliated companies '' shall mean entities that control , are controlled by or are under common control with Monster Worldwide , Inc .
Some Monster companies may be located in countries that do not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence .
Consent to Monster to Use the Information
By registering with Monster , by managing your profile , or opting in when presented with choices , you have explicitly consented for us to use your information , subject to local law , in the following ways :
to allow you to create an account ;
to create a profile for you based on information that you have provided to us ;
to contact you about Monster Site updates , informational and service-related communications , including important security updates ;
to provide you additional communications , information , and promotions such as newsletters and career advice ;
to inform you of other products or services available from Monster or its affiliates ( Affiliates means entities that control , are controlled by or are under common control with Monster Worldwide , Inc. ) ;
to enable you to provide feedback , to contact us and for us to respond to you ;
to conduct surveys , questionnaires , promotions and contests , and to provide the results thereof such as success stories and contest winners ;
to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers ;
to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process , such as accessing the searchable resume database ;
to provide products and services that enable users to network , post information on bulletin boards , view and compare profiles , and career background and experience ;
to generate internal reports about the use of our site ; and
to provide forward to a friend ' features .
Some of our products and services , such as our searchable resume database and networking , enable third parties to see your personal information and to contact you .
Profile information may be used for networking with other community members or may be visible to employers who are using the Monster Sites .
In addition , portions of your searchable resume ( but not your contact information ) may be made public in your networking profile .
Information you post in public areas of the site or place in the searchable resume database will be accessed , used , and stored by others around the world , including those in countries that might not have legislation that guarantees adequate protection of personal information as defined by your country of residence .
By providing your personal information for inclusion in our database , you acknowledge that you consent to your information being used as described here .
While Monster takes measures to safeguard your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by third parties , Monster does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Monster Sites .
Accordingly , you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information , including personality profiles , to any Monster Site .
Information About All Monster Visitors
We gather information about all of our users collectively , such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most .
We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate .
This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users , and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you .
We may share this information with our partners , but only in the aggregate , so that they too may understand how Monster visitors use our Web Site , and also create a better overall experience for you .
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to Monster to any outside parties , except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws , rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is relevant .
Information About You Specifically
Monster is a career site , we retain your personal information to assist in your career performance or management including finding or retaining work ; or to facilitate other services to or by us .
For example , when you sign up to use a service , enter into a contest , or purchase a product , we collect more specific personal information about you , such as your name , address , email address , telephone number , qualifications or career history .
If you choose to do so we may also retain sensitive information about you such as information about your membership in a professional or trade association or trade union .
We may also ask you for other information , such as information on your interests , your likes and dislikes regarding the Web Site , the types of jobs you are interested in , etc. , in an effort to deliver to you the best possible Web Site experience .
When you grant us your permission , we will communicate with you regularly with tips , advice and survey information on using the Monster Web Site to maximise your career development .
Monster also provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications .
If you choose to receive these types of communications at the time of registration , but later decide you no longer want to receive them , simply log in to your My Monster account and edit your account profile .
If you input your information on a co-branded registration page , such as that of a Monster and partner company-sponsored contest , then your information will be collected , used and becomes the property of both Monster and the partner co-sponsoring the contest .
In that instance , Monster is not responsible for the information that the partner company receives or how it is used .
If you do not provide us with the information sought in the required fields Monster may be limited in its ability to provide you with services .
Use and Disclosure of the Information We Collect
We use the information we gather on the Web Site , whether personal , demographic , collective or technical , for the purposes of operating and improving the Web Site , fostering a positive user experience , and delivering the products and services that we offer .
If you have provided consent for us to do so , we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered .
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered .
We may also provide additional communications , promotions and information on new Monster opportunities , and additional job postings which may be of interest to you .
The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you .
In addition , at the time of registration for an account , you have the option to elect or not elect to receive additional communications , information and promotions , including without limitation , free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you , such as career management advice .
Monster can not ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Commitment .
Therefore , although we are committed to protecting your privacy , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
As a user of the Web Site , you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Web Site , the internet generally , and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Web Site .
Disclosure of Information to Others
We disclose to third parties within your country and abroad your personal information , combined personal , demographic , behavioral or indirect information , as set forth below :
We disclose your resume to employers who have posted job opportunities that may be of interest to you on the Web Site when you apply for those jobs .
We may share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our own products and services to you .
We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include hosting our web servers , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These companies and individuals may be located in a country whose data protection legislation is different from your country , and they will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions , but they may not share that information with any other third party or use that data for any other purpose .
We will remain responsible for any information shared in this way .
We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure .
For example , if you make your resume searchable , then all parties with access to our searchable resume database ( or copies thereof ) will have access to your resume .
If you indicate by configuring your profile that you would like to receive information about the opportunities , products or services of third parties , we supply your contact information to select third parties such as employers , recruiters , data aggregators , marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you .
We use data we have about you ( such as the interests and preferences you have expressed ) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities , products or services of a particular third party .
For example , if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities , products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Monster account , we supply your contact information to third parties such as employers , recruiters , data aggregators , marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you .
We also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Sites with Monster.s clients , partners , other Site visitors , and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Sites and how those visitors use the Sites in order to serve advertisements to you on our Sites or other sites with which we have a business relationship .
We may also aggregate on an anonymous basis data regarding job qualifications , schooling , age , experience level or other information relevant to the job search or competition among job seekers for any such job .
Such aggregated data does not identify users individually , and may be made available to employers or fellow job seekers or community members.We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include hosting our web servers , data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as may necessary to perform their functions , but they may not share that information with any other third party .
We supply technology , hosting , hiring management and related services to other leading companies to power recruitment areas on their Web sites ( sometimes referred to as Hosted Career Sites ) .
Personal and/or demographic information supplied by you in Hosted Career Sites becomes part of the Monster database , but it is not accessible by anyone other than you , Monster , and the company concerned without your consent .
If you attempt to register with Monster after registering with a Hosted Career Site , Monster will recognize your information and you will be able to use the information you provided to the Hosted Career Site in your account registration .
Information gathered on a page in a Hosted Career Site area or on a co-branded page may be retained by both Monster and the other company .
In that instance , the use of such information by the other company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and Monster is not responsible for that company 's use of your personal or demographic information .
If you apply for a position through a Hosted Career Site or a co-branded site , you may be asked to provide information on your age , gender or race where permitted by law .
You should understand that , if provided , this information should only be used by employers in accordance with applicable law .
However , Monster is not responsible for the actions of such employers .
All such information provided will be kept separate by Monster from your expression of interest in any job opportunity .
Providing this information is strictly voluntary and you will not be subject to any adverse action or treatment from Monster if you choose not to provide this information .
If you apply for a position on Monster through a Hosted Career Site , you may be asked to provide information on your gender , race , or other protected status , or for a government identity number where permitted by applicable law .
Some employers are required by law to gather this information from job applicants for reporting and record-keeping requirements .
You should understand that if provided , this information may only be used by employers only in accordance with applicable law and they should not use it in making any negative employment decisions .
All information provided will be kept separate from your expression of interest in any job opportunity .
Providing this information is subject to local law .
We disclose information if legally required to do so , or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith . after considering your privacy interests and other factors . that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process ; ( b ) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies ; ( c ) prevent a crime or protect national security ; or ( d ) protect the personal safety of users or the public .
Because Monster.com ( India ) Private Limited is an Indian Company and its Parent Company Monster Worldwide , Inc. is a US company , your information may become subject to both Indian and U.S. law .
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Monster 's business units , whether such acquisition is by way of merger , consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets .
In addition , in the event Monster becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding , whether voluntary or involuntary , Monster or its liquidator , administrator , receiver or administrative receiver may sell , license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court .
You will be notified of the sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party by email or through a prominent notice posted on the Sites .
An Important Note about Your Resume
We give you the option of putting your resume in our database .
When you create or post a resume to the Sites , that resume is stored in our searchable resume database in India .
You may control the status of your resume by setting it to private or public .
You can store your resume in our database , but not allow it to be searchable by potential employers or recruiters .
Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online , but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product .
If you set your resume as private , it is not searchable by potential employers or other with access to our resume database .
You may still use your resume to apply online to a job .
If you do apply online to a job , your resume will be transferred to the relevant employer , who may retain a copy of your resume or distribute it to third parties .
We can not control their use or retention of your resume information .
If you set your resume as public , but want your contact information to be confidential , your resume will be searchable by potential employers , but we will hide your contact information and current company .
You must also remove your contact information from your uploaded or copy and paste text resume .
You should be aware that if you have a rare skill or job title , for example , it may still be possible for you to be identified even without your contact details being included .
If you are worried about being identified , you should not include specific details by which you could be identified .
If you use a confidential resume to apply to a job online , the employer to whom you send your resume will be able to view your contact information in order to contact you about your application .
If you allow your resume to be searchable without making it confidential , then all parties with access to our searchable resume database ( or copies thereof ) will have access to your resume .
Employers or other parties with access to our searchable resume database may be located in countries whose data protection legislation may not be equivalent to the laws in your country .
For example , your resume may be viewed and accessed by employers outside the European Economic Area who have access to our searchable database .
By making your resume searchable , you are expressly consenting to such transfers of data .
We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database to legitimate users such as paying employers , recruiters , hiring managers , headhunters and human resource professionals , as well as law enforcement and national security agencies , but can not guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database .
We can not control the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database .
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time ; details of how to do this are given below .
However , employers , recruiters and others who have paid for access to that database , as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases .
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not , without our consent , gain access to this database .
However Monster is not responsible for the retention , use , or privacy of resumes by any third parties .
We can not control the retention , use or privacy of resumes or profiles that have been downloaded by third parties .
Accordingly , you should not put sensitive information , personality profiles , or other information you would not want made public , in your resume .
If you provide us with details of a reference , it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so .
If you use our facilities to build a resume or to post a resume in our database of jobseekers .
resumes , then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Statement .
Your resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your ( i ) racial or ethnic origin ( ii ) political beliefs ( iii ) philosophical or religious beliefs ( iv ) membership of a trade union or political party ( v ) physical or mental health or genetic makeup ( vi ) addictions , sexual life ( vii ) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines , or ( viii ) any Social Security Number or national identification number , if you set your resume as private unless you have previously sent to us your written consent that we may process your sensitive personal data , if Monster determines this to be a requirement of applicable law .
If your resume does contain such data and you set your resume as public , then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement .
We can not control third parties .
access to such information from our searchable database .
Posting Your Information to Public Areas of Monster
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of Monster , such as in online forums or chat rooms , or in the searchable resume database , such information may be collected and used by others over whom Monster has no control .
We can not control the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Monster .
We wish to ensure your personal information is complete , accurate and up to date .
Monster allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time .
To do so , simply log into your My Monster account , and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted .
Access to Personal Information
You can gain access to the personal information you have provided by visiting our Web Site .
If you have not accessed your resume for some time we may also contact you to check your information is still correct .
We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of the Web Site more efficient , practical and relevant .
You can delete your resume from Monster.s online database , close your account at any time in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume and your account information from the Web Site , except for an archival copy which is not accessible on the internet .
Your Choices About Your Information
Because managing your career is a life-long process , we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient , practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as described below .
You may have access to , review , correct , update , change or delete your account profile information or resume at any time .
Simply log into your account , go to your profile or resume , and make the necessary changes .
You may delete your resume from Monster.s online database at any time by accessing your account .
Before providing you with a copy of your personal information or correcting , updating or deleting such information , we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information to which you have requested access .
Access to or correction , updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by Monster if it would violate another person.s rights and/or as otherwise permitted by applicable law .
We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt .
If we require additional time to provide access to your information , we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law .
We will respond to information access requests within 30 days of receipt .
If we require additional time to provide access to your information , we will acknowledge receipt of your request within 30 days and promptly supplement our response within the time period required by applicable law .
An email will be sent to you to confirm that your personal information has been deleted ( save for an archival copy which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet ) .
The archival copy is retained only for as long as Monster reasonably considers necessary for audit and record purposes .
We will also retain logs , demographic , indirect , and statistical information that may relate to you but do not identify you personally .
If your personal information was previously accessed by others using our Sites , we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems .
If you do not want your information to be processed as described by this policy , you make revoke your consent to our Privacy Policy .
However , please note that if you do withdraw your consent , you may not be able to use the relevant services and your account and profile information will be deleted .
If you previously opted to receive newsletters , commercial e-mails or other communications from Monster or third parties , but subsequently change your mind , you may opt-out by editing your account profile as described above .
If you previously opted not to receive such communications , you may later opt-in by editing your account profile .
If you are buying a product from Monster via the Web Site , your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using Secure Socket Layer ( `` SSL '' ) encryption technology before being sent over the Internet .
SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred .
However , we can not guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information .
When we receive your order , it is kept encrypted until we are ready to process it .
We will take reasonable steps to keep the information you provide us with secure .
The information you provide is stored on the Monster database .
To provide you with the highest quality service the Monster database is located in the India .
When providing information you agree this may be transferred to a Monster database in another country .
To enhance your experience at Monster , we use a feature on your Internet browser called a `` cookie '' .
Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer.s hard drive .
We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences , tracking click streams , and for load balancing .
Because of our use of cookies , we can deliver faster service , consistent , updated results , and a more personalised Web Site experience .
You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies .
However , doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our Web Site .
We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Web Site .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies .
servers , these companies can view , edit or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Monster has no control over , and is not responsible for , the practices of those third party advertisers .
Monster encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers .
Third parties , such as Google , Double Click , Right media and other advertiser platforms , may also use information that they gather from your activity on our Web Site to select which Monster advertisement should be displayed to you on web sites other than our Web Site .
You can opt-out of customized advertising by third parties by setting your browser to decline third party cookies or some browsers allow you to block cookies from a particular third party whose customized advertising you do not wish to receive .
You can also delete the advertiser.s cookie each time after it has been served .
In addition , third party advertisers , including advertising networks , may offer an opt-out of their customized advertising .
If you visit an advertiser.s own web site , you will be able to see their policies .
If you wish , you may opt out of Google 's use of customized advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page , you can opt out of Doubleclick.s use of customized advertising by visiting the Doubleclick opt-out page , and you can opt out of Right Media.s use of customized advertising by visiting Right Media opt out page .
In addition , many of these third parties are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which requires its members to provide a permanent opt-out from their customized ads .
You can opt-out of customized advertising by all NAI members by visiting the NAI site .
However , since opting out is enforced by serving a blocking cookie , if you later delete all cookies , you will also delete your blocking cookie and will need to set it again .
In addition , advertisers .
opt-out cookies may expire after a set period of time and will need to be re-set following their expiration .
If you opt-out of customized advertising by third parties , you will still see ads on our Web Site and Monster ads elsewhere on web sites other than our Web Site , however , such ads will be not be customized to your interests and may be less relevant to you .
Please note that if you opt-out of cookies by changing your browser settings , your opt-out will be saved but it may not be carried with you if you choose to use another browser or log-in from another computer .
You should check your browser settings each time you open a new browser or log-in from a different computer .
Additionally , Monster uses Flash cookies , also known as Local Shared Objects , to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes .
You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here .
Monster has areas on the Web Site where you can submit feedback .
Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Monster .
We may use this feedback at any time for any purposes , such as success stories for marketing purposes , or to contact you for further feedback on the Web Site .
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials ( your username and password ) are kept confidential .
Monster has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure .
Notwithstanding such measures , the Internet is an open system and we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
Moreover , one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to broadcast the information in your resume and profile widely in order to maximize your career opportunities .
Such an environment does present a risk that unauthorized third parties will view this data , so you should refer to our Security Center for additional information on conducting a safe job search .
Further , your resume should not contain any sensitive data that you would not want made public .
You should be aware that resumes may be monitored by your current employer .
We also use cookies , web beacons , and Java Script to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience .
For additional detailed information on each of these , please see below .
We do not specifically collect information about children .
We believe that children should get their parents .
consent before giving out personal information .
If you are concerned about your child.s use of Monster , we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child.s access to the Web Site .
We also encourage you to participate in your child.s experience with Monster .
With a little guidance , the Web Site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child , as well as providing them with excellent career counselling information
Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to materially change the substance of this Privacy Statement , we will , where required , contact you via the email address that you maintain in your profile .
We will also post those changes through a prominent notice on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and to whom we will disclose it .
Thank you for using Monster .
We are committed to providing you with the best tools and advice to help you get ahead in your career .
We welcome your feedback and suggestions .
Legal and Contact Information
By post / mail : L D Pandey , Legal Department ,
Monster.com India Private Limited
Tapasya Building , 6th Floor ,
Plot No . 5 EFGH , Sector-126 .
Noida , 201301 , U.P. , IndiaBy telephone : 0120-4024100
We will use reasonable efforts to answer promptly your question or resolve your problem .
Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Java Script
Cookies : Monster uses `` cookies '' to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online , including for storing user preferences , improving search results and ad selection , and tracking user trends .
A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer 's memory temporarily ( a session cookie ) or placed on your hard drive ( a persistent cookie ) by a Web page server .
Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
When you return to the Monster site , cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided , so you can easily use the features that you customized .
Because of our use of cookies , we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience .
For example , if you personalize Monster pages , or register for services , a cookie helps us to recall your specific information ( such as user name , password and preferences ) .
We predominately use session cookies , which are not permanently stored on your hard drive .
Session cookies expire after two hours of inactivity or when you close your browser .
When you carry out a job search or apply online a large amount of data is processed by our system and transferred through each page of the search or application process .
This information includes your job search criteria , data that identifies your resume , covering letter , the job you are applying for , your right to work in the relevant country and the results of any questionnaire you have completed as part of the online application process as well as demographic information that is not unique to you .
Session cookies allow us to keep track of this data until you have completed your search or application .
We also use cookies to identify users who have been banned from using our forums for behavior that contradicts our terms of use and to track click streams , for load balancing and to enable you to navigate through the site using redirection pages .
We use persistent cookies primarily to ensure that we do not show you pages that you have already seen and to personalize your site experience and save you time .
Persistent Cookies enable us to recognize whether you have responded to any poll or seen an advertisement or information notice placed on the site so that we do not show you the poll , advertisement or notice again the next time you visit our site .
If you are a recruiter and have an alliance arrangement in place with Monster we also use persistent cookies to recall your alliance status and display your correct pricing information when you access our site .
The persistent cookies we use will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire when you log out of the Site or 60 days after your last visit for security cookies , 90 days after your last visit for poll response and alliance cookies , or two years after your last visit for advertisement and information notice cookies .
We also allow other companies to display advertisements to you while you are visiting our Sites .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements from the other companies .
servers , these companies can view , edit or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Monster has no control over , and is not responsible for , the practices of those third party advertisers .
Monster encourages you to review the policies of such advertisers .
We use other third party ad servers as well ; a way to opt out of third party cookies is to modify your browser settings to decline cookies as described at the end of this statement .
You may also click here to see a list of many of the companies that Monster works with in connection with serving personalized ads .
We use persistent cookies and related technologies ( such as web beacons described below ) to determine and track direct and indirect candidate application traffic in response to Job Postings either on Monster or on the websites of third parties through Monster 's Career-Ad-Network ( described below ) .
We also allow persistent third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Monster 's advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties .
The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission .
The persistent cookies placed by our third party ad servers will remain on your computer after you have left our site for up to 20 years unless you choose to delete them .
We also use persistent cookies in connection with our Career Ad Network ( CAN ) .
The CAN cookie is used to display relevant job ads to you on Monster and when you visit other web sites .
The information collected by the CAN cookie is treated in accordance with the policies and practices described in our Privacy Statement above .
The persistent cookie we use in CAN will remain on your computer after you have left our site and will expire six months after it was set .
Monster enforces your opt-out of CAN by setting a blocking cookie .
In order for the blocking cookie to work on your computer , your browser must be set to accept third party cookies .
The blocking cookie for CAN will last for five years ; however , if you delete your browser cookies , your opt-out cookie , as well as any updates you may have made , will also be deleted .
In addition , your opt-out only applies in the browser you are using at the time you opt-out and only on the computer you are using at such time .
If you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
Opting-out of the CAN cookie does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising from CAN .
It does mean that the ads delivered to you by CAN will no longer be tailored to your Web browsing patterns .
Once you opt-out CAN no longer maintains a targeting cookie on your computer , so the ads will be general in nature and could be repetitive .
This website uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
( Google ) .
Google Analytics uses cookies , which are text files placed on your computer , to help the website analyze how users use the site .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website .
By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying your browser settings .
See below for instructions .
If you choose to decline cookies , however , that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the web site .
Additionally , Monster uses Flash cookies , also known as Local Shared Objects , to preserve video player settings and for user authentication purposes .
You can adjust your settings for your Flash cookies here .
Web Beacons : Monster Web pages and the Web pages of our partners also utilize electronic images known as Web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel gifs , clear gifs or action tags ) that allow us to collect certain information about users .
visits to these Web pages ( including the number of users who have visited those pages ) , measure and improve the effectiveness of advertisements and job postings , and deliver co-branded services .
Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about web site usage .
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides .
This information may be shared with third party processors for processing on behalf of Monster , as well as with clients , partners , and other third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Web pages , how those visitors use those Web Pages , and the effectiveness of their advertisements and job postings .
We may use other third party processors as well . )
Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page , you can not opt out or refuse them .
However , they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser .
JavaScript : Monster also uses JavaScript , for example , within certain advertisements .
JavaScript is a script language that enhances the functionality of websites , particularly in respect to pictures .
We are not collecting any personal data via JavaScript but use it to inform employers about how many applicants have clicked on email addresses embedded in their job ads , for example .
You may deactivate JavaScript via your browser settings or activate it the same way .
If you disable JavaScript you will not be able to use some of the functions of the website .

At MouthShut.com , we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy .
We value your trust in us and assure you that we would use the information we collect only to provide a more personalized experience .
We will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend us to friends and family .
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings .
This document provides a thorough description of tools that MouthShut.com provides to help you interact with other users and MouthShut.com 's practices to help you understand MouthShut.com 's approaches to privacy .
You should carefully read this Privacy Statement ( the `` Statement '' ) .
This Statement supplements the MouthShut.com User Agreement ( the `` Agreement '' ) .
Thus , this Statement is incorporated into and governed by all of the terms of the Agreement .
In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Agreement and this Statement , the terms of this Statement shall control .
This Statement applies only to information collected on the MouthShut.com web site .
It does not speak about MouthShut.com 's practices for information collected elsewhere or the practices of any third parties , including those who may operate sites on MouthShut.com 's behalf and that display MouthShut.com branding .
The MouthShut.com site is optimized for registered users .
By registering , you can obtain benefits such as the opportunity to write Opinions , accrue MS-Points credits and personalize your experience using our proprietary tools such as SORT and Trusted Circle .
If you choose not to register , you can still use some portions of the site .
In that case , MouthShut.com may obtain your IP addresses and by analyzing what URLs you came from and go to .
If you register , MouthShut.com stores your preferences and passwords for your convenience , to provide you with a more personalized experience .
At present MouthShut.com does not use cookies to store your login sessions .
When you register , MouthShut.com asks you for a number of pieces of information .
If you register through a co-branded site , the co-brand partner may be transferring to MouthShut.com some or all of the required registration information or possibly other information about you .
MouthShut.com uses registration information internally for a number of purposes , including :
- email distribution as described in the Agreement , as you request on the site ( such as promotional opportunities or newsletters if you check the applicable boxes on the registration page , and as described below in Section 9 ) , and for administrative purposes ( such as to notify you about changes to the Agreement or this Statement or to contact you regarding redemptions of MS-Points credits or other problems with your account ) .
In accordance with instructions on the site , you may opt not to receive certain emails in the future , and MouthShut.com will use reasonable efforts to honor your request .
- possible special opportunities , such as to become a featured reviewer , get extra exposure on the site or accrue more MS-Points credits .
- display banner ( and similar ) advertising to you in connection with the site that is more targeted to you specifically .
In doing this type of targeting , MouthShut.com or its ad server , and not the advertiser , connect you with the targeting criteria .
Through your account page , you have some choices about whether or not to display your registration information publicly on the site .
If you register through a co-branded site , MouthShut.com may be required to give the co-brand partner some or all of your registration information to them .
While MouthShut.com will use such information in accordance with this Statement , it does not always control how the co-brand partners use or disclose such information .
However , the co-brand partner is governed by their privacy policies .
If you have any concerns about such privacy policies , you should contact the co-brand partner .
However , MouthShut.com will send you an email to confirm your request .
After you respond , MouthShut.com will in most cases , remove your information from its `` live '' database , but residual information may remain in archives and records .
MouthShut.com may not be able to propagate changes to your registration information to its co-brand partners who have received such information .
In addition , if your account is being terminated for violations of the Agreement , MouthShut.com may keep some of your registration information active to prevent re-registration .
All information you submit as part of an Opinion is automatically displayed on the site ( so long as it passes the software filters ) .
MouthShut.com may use such information in accordance with the license granted in the Agreement .
This includes the right to use the Opinion or teaser portions ( including your identity and photo ) throughout the site , on other sites on the web , and offline .
If you have registered through a co-branded site , please be aware that MouthShut.com may be required to transfer your Opinions to the co-brand partner for their use and display .
Subject to the limitations discussed in the Agreement , you can change an Opinion at any time using the tools available to you on each Opinion page .
Your request may or may not be granted , depending on the reason of your request .
In all cases , MouthShut.com will protect your privacy , as laid down in this policy .
However , if the Opinion has been transferred to other sites or parties , your changes may not propagate to these other places .
Posting comments to other people 's Opinions automatically displays your identity .
This is true even if you have rated the Opinion anonymously .
MouthShut.com may choose to transfer your comments to third parties if MouthShut.com transfers the associated Opinion .
Your Personal Profile Pages
MouthShut.com allows you to display a large variety of personal information about yourself through the tools that edit your personal profile page .
As you can see when you edit your preferences on this page , you have choices about whether to display or hide this information , and you can change this information at any time ( although , as discussed elsewhere , it may not be possible to propagate all of these changes instantly or ever ) .
Please note that whatever URL you choose to link to your photo will cause that photo to be displayed in many places throughout the site ( not just on the personal profile page ) .
MouthShut.com does not transfer your personal profile in total to third parties , but may transfer pieces of your personal profile page in accordance with your instructions , in situations similar to those described under the Registration Information heading above , or as described elsewhere in this Statement .
Your Rating of Others and the Trusted Circle
One of the most powerful aspects of the site is that it personalizes your experience based on your personal interests using the Trusted Circle .
The system assesses your prior experiences on the site ( as evidenced by how you 've rated other Opinions or trusted/distrusted other members ) , and then uses these experiences to dynamically sort the database of Opinions for you based on those that are more likely to interest you .
To do this , MouthShut.com captures information about your interactions with other users and then processes this information each time you look for Opinions .
The more you interact with others , the more personalized your subsequent uses of the site will be .
In rating and commenting on others ' Opinions , your MS-ID is displayed .
This causes the Opinion author and all other readers of the Opinion to see your rating .
You can also hide or reveal your identity in trusting and distrusting others across all people you trust .
You can change your mind and hide/reveal your identity in trusting and distrusting others by following the instructions on the site .
However , you can not prevent from your MS-ID being displayed if another member trusts or distrusts you .
Similarly , even if you choose to hide your Trusted and Distrusted Member list , the members who you trust and distrust will know that you trust or distrust them .
Except as otherwise contemplated in this Statement , MouthShut.com does not transfer the complete database of rating and transactional information to others .
However , the database is used throughout all of the sites MouthShut.com operates or may operate in future , whether branded solely by MouthShut.com , co-branded with others , or operated for others on a private-label basis .
MouthShut.com may ask you for additional information to process a request for MS-Points credit redemption .
MouthShut.com may choose to add such information to our database record about you , which will be treated the same as other business records .
Without limiting the foregoing , MouthShut.com uses your mailing address information to send you redeemed MS-Points credits and , in limited circumstances , other communications .
Also , MouthShut.com may choose to feature your Member ID in promotional materials ( both online and offline ) to highlight your earnings successes .
In a number of places , MouthShut.com provides the option to receive an email when an activity occurs .
For example , you can choose to be emailed if a specific other member writes an Opinion or a comment , or if a new Opinion is written on a certain product .
If you choose to be notified when another member writes an Opinion or comment , that other member will be able to see that you 've done so .
The Scratch-Pad feature allows you to store links and notes in a centralized place in your account .
Except as may otherwise be specified in the notebook feature , the information you store in your notebook is not displayed on your profile page or otherwise in the public areas of the MouthShut.com site .
Although MouthShut.com does n't currently offer any integrated services operated by third parties as part of your registration , MouthShut.com expects to do so in the future .
These could include functionality like a MouthShut.com email account .
In these circumstances , MouthShut.com may transfer some or all of your registration information and other information to the third party to operate the integrated service if you choose to use these services .
Internal Analyses and Reports
MouthShut.com uses all of the information in its databases , including personal information you 've submitted , and other server and usage logs , to analyze the site and user behavior , troubleshoot technical problems , resolve disputes and address complaints , and prepare aggregated reports that are shared with others , including the management of MouthShut.com .
Specific uses of personal information that vary from this Privacy Statement ( if any ) may be found throughout the site .
To the extent that , during your submission of information on the site , you are notified of privacy practices that are different from those described in this Privacy Statement , those alternative disclosures will govern that submission .
There may be situations where MouthShut.com collects data through a survey or similar process when the page does not link to this Statement .
In those cases , unless you are informed otherwise , you should assume that MouthShut.com treats all information from such pages as it treats its other valuable business records .
Of course , there are many other ways in which MouthShut.com could get information from or about you that are not described elsewhere in this Statement .
For example , you might send email through a customer service email address , or MouthShut.com may get a complaint about you from a third party .
MouthShut.com 's practices with respect to such information are pretty much as you 'd expect-MouthShut.com uses and discloses this information in a commercially reasonable business manner .
MouthShut.com feels strongly about protecting the privacy of children and encourages kids to involve their parents in any interactive activity they participate in online .
If you are 12 or younger and we collect your age information through the registration process , you are not eligible to use the site .
If you are under 18 , MouthShut.com encourages you to use the site with the help of your parents or guardians of legal age , but you are not eligible to participate in the MS-Points program
Contractors and Third Party Service Providers
MouthShut.com uses contractors to help with its operations .
Some or all of these contractors may access the databases of user information .
Usually these contractors will enter into an agreement that places restrictive provisions on their use and disclosure of all information they obtain through the relationship .
MouthShut.com may also use third party service providers to help with certain aspects of its operations that may require disclosure of your personal information to them .
For example , MouthShut.com may use a third party service provider to mail MS-Points redemption rewards , serve ads , or deliver some or all of the emails sent as part of the site 's normal operation .
Again , usually MouthShut.com will place extensive restrictions on the ability of these third parties to use and disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform the services they are asked to perform .
The `` Corporate Family
MouthShut.com may share some or all of your information with its subsidiaries or parent company ( if any in future ) , in which case MouthShut.com will ask such entities to honor the promises in this Statement .
In addition , as part of a diligence review , MouthShut.com may disclose some or all of your personal information to a potential acquirer or merger partner , although in this case MouthShut.com would try to restrict their use and disclosure of this information .
Government Relations and Lawsuits
In some cases , the government can compel the disclosure of information about you , and of course MouthShut.com will need to comply .
However , irrespective of those situations , MouthShut.com can unilaterally turn over information about you to the government if it believes such disclosure to be appropriate , in which case you authorize it to do so .
You also consent to MouthShut.com disclosing information about you to actual or potential parties to a lawsuit that MouthShut.com is or may become involved in ( a ) if it is required to do so , ( b ) if it reasonably believes that such disclosures will potentially mitigate its liability , or ( c ) to enforce its rights .
Collecting Personal Information from the Site
Many friendships have developed through the site , and MouthShut.com wants the community to be vibrant and engaged .
Thus , MouthShut.com is delighted when users begin communicating with each other outside the context of the site .
However , not every user wants to engage in these types of dialogue , and MouthShut.com believes each user should have the right to set the boundaries that feel right to them .
Thus , you may not collect , use or store any personal information about other users on the site for any purpose whatsoever unless the user invites you to do so .
Thus , if a user displays an email address in his or her personal profile , you can assume that the user is willing to receive a single personal email from you that has some relation to the site .
However , without that user 's permission , you may not contact the user about something that has nothing to do with MouthShut.com , store that user 's contact information in a database for further communications , or continue to contact the user if they have requested you not to .
In all circumstances , as described in the Agreement , you may not use robots , scripts or other automated procedures to collect any information , including user contact information , from the site .
You may also not email users inviting them to join your own review site under any circumstance-doing so is a theft of MouthShut.com 's valuable rights and an affront to users .
MouthShut.com will protect its users ' interests-and its own interests-very vigorously in this regard .
Your Use of Email Tools
MouthShut.com may provide you with some tools that allow you to send email to your friends .
If you use this tool , the email will include your email address , as well as any personal message you choose to include .
MouthShut.com does not store , in any easily-retrievable way , the email addresses of the friends you are communicating with .
You may not use these tools to send spam or to send content that would violate the Agreement .
Without limiting the foregoing , you may not send `` Tell a Friend '' invitations to anyone who would not welcome the message or post any invitations to any web sites , message boards , mail lists or USENET groups ( unless you are the owner of that venue ) .
In any case , you should not assume that emails processed by MouthShut.com are private communications .
Limits on MouthShut.com ' Abilities
A site and service as complicated as MouthShut.com is never perfect , and thus MouthShut.com may inadvertently make uses or disclosures of your information in ways not contemplated by , or in direct contravention of , this Statement .
For example , if the software has a temporary glitch , your personal information could be displayed on the site even though you 've configured your preferences otherwise .
MouthShut.com might also make ad hoc uses of your information in ways it ca n't contemplate here .
MouthShut.com will do its best to work with you if these types of situations arise , but your sole remedy in these cases is to have MouthShut.com try to rectify the problem as soon as it can .
In addition , although highly unlikely , it is possible for Internet transmissions containing your personal information to be intercepted by others .
It is impossible for MouthShut.com to ensure the privacy and security of all transmissions made to and from the site while in transit .
Of course , MouthShut.com does not control the privacy practices of its advertisers and other third-party sites that it promotes or links to .
If you click through a banner ad or link and submit your information to an advertiser , you will be subject to their privacy policies .
Please make sure you understand these policies before submitting your information .
MouthShut.com uses industry-standard methods of securing its databases of user information , such as , if and where appropriate , firewalls and limits on who can access user information databases .
However , please keep in mind that there is no such thing as perfect security on the Internet .

The following six privacy principles stem from Mozilla 's Manifesto and inform how we develop our websites , products and services .
For details on our information handling practices across Mozilla , be sure to read our specific privacy notices and policies . :
Only use and share information about our users for their benefit and as spelled out in our notices .
Educate users whenever we collect any personal information and give them a choice whenever possible .
Establish default settings that balance safety and user experience appropriately .
Collect and retain the least amount of user information necessary .
Try to share anonymous aggregate data whenever possible , and then only when it benefits the web , users or developers .
Do not disclose personal user experience without the user 's consent .
Innovate , develop and advocate for privacy enhancements that put users in control of their online experiences .
Make privacy a factor in selecting and interacting with partners .
We know how much you value your privacy .
We build our web sites and design our products and features with your privacy in mind .
Our privacy policies and notices explain in detail what our different sites and products will and wo n't do with your information .
They tell you what is collected , when it is collected , and for what reason it is collected .
We want to be transparent and open about our privacy practices .
For us , `` personal information '' means :
information which identifies you , like your name or email address ; or
a combination of several pieces of information which could n't identify you on their own , but which we believe could become identifiable to you when combined .
Any information that falls outside of this is `` non-personal information . ''
If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal , we will consider the combination as personal information .
In the software we make we include privacy and security settings with a lot of functionality .
There are also plenty of add-ons for some of our products , like Firefox , which you can use to get even more control over your online experience , interactions and information .
If you signed up to receive a newsletter or other email communication from Mozilla , but no longer wish to do so , you can opt out from receiving them by following the unsubscribe instructions in the next email you receive .
Do Not Track is a feature in Firefox ( and some other sweet browsers ) which lets you tell websites that you 'd rather that they do n't keep track of you .
You can read more about Do Not Track and how to turn it on in Firefox .
Do Not Track Is Off
When we share your Information
We may release information in the following situations :
When we tell you we will and you consent to the sharing .
For processing or providing products and services to you , but only if those entities receiving your information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways that are approved by Mozilla .
When we engage vendors , we negotiate to include contract terms that require vendors : ( a ) to limit use of the user information that we provide them only for the provision of their services to us and ( b ) not to correlate that user information with other information they might have .
When we are fulfilling our mission of being open .
We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web , but we will try to remove your personal information and disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified .
When the law requires it .
We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit , and we 'll notify you when we 're asked to hand over your personal information unless we 're legally prohibited from doing so .
When we receive requests like this , we 'll only release your information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so .
Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party 's request to disclose your information .
When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else , provided that we will do so only if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of you , our other users , Mozilla or the public .
If our organizational structure or status changes ( if we undergo a restructuring , are acquired , or go bankrupt , ) we may pass your information to a successor or affiliate .
Contact the Mozilla Privacy Team
Attn : Legal Notices - Privacy
650 Castro Street , Suite 300
Mountain View , CA 94041-2729
Please use this form to send us your questions , concerns or thoughts related to privacy at Mozilla .

Show chartLast : $ 772.69 High : $ 818.88 Low : $ 786.20 Vol:8189 BTC W.Avg : $ 802.69
or Sign up Home
MtGox K.K . and its affiliates ( hereinafter , `` Mt . Gox '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy ( together with our Terms and Conditions of Use ) governs our collection , processing and use of your Personal Information .
We define `` Personal Information '' as information which identifies you personally , e.g . your name , address , e-mail address , trades etc .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of :
the kinds of Personal Information which we may collect about you and how it may be used ;
our use of information regarding IP Addresses and our use of cookies ;
any disclosure of Personal Information to third parties ;
the transfer of Personal Information outside of Japan ;
your ability to correct , update and delete your Personal Information ; and
the security measures we have in place to prevent the loss , misuse , or alteration of Personal Information under our control .
Gathering and Use of Personal Information
We may collect your Personal Information if you use the Site , open an Account to use the Platform or perform any Transactions on the Platform .
The types of Personal Information which we collect may include :
your photographic identification ;
your phone number ;
your e-mail address ;
your banking details including account numbers ;
your date of birth ; and
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes :
to allow you to open and operate an Account on the Platform ;
to enable you to complete Transactions on the Platform ;
if you contact us , to reply to your queries ;
to analyse use of our Site ;
as required for regulatory purposes ;
to provide you with information about products and promotions that may be of interest to you , from ourselves and third parties , although only if you have specifically agreed to receive such information ;
for market research e.g . surveying our Members ' needs and opinions on issues , such as our performance etc .
We will process your Personal Information only for the purpose ( s ) for which it has been provided to us .
We may collect information about your computer , including where available your IP address , operating system and browser type , for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers .
This is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual .
We use a browser feature known as a `` cookie '' , which assigns a unique identification to your computer .
Cookies are typically stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Information collected from cookies is used by us to evaluate the effectiveness of our Site , analyse trends , and administer the Platform .
The information collected from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Site are most visited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our Site .
With this knowledge , we can improve the quality of your experience on the Platform by recognising and delivering more of the most desired features and information , as well as by resolving access difficulties .
We also use cookies and/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs , which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of , and response to , our emails and to provide you with a more personalised experience when using our Site .
We use third party service provider ( s ) , to assist us in better understanding the use of our Site .
Our service provider ( s ) will place cookies on the hard drive of your computer and will receive information that we select that will educate us on such things as how visitors navigate around our site , what products are browsed , and general Transaction information .
Our service provider ( s ) analyses this information and provides us with aggregate reports .
The information and analysis provided by our service provider ( s ) will be used to assist us in better understanding our visitors ' interests in our Site and how to better serve those interests .
The information collected by our service provider ( s ) may be linked to and combined with information that we collect about you while you are using the Platform .
Our service provider ( s ) is/are contractually restricted from using information they receive from our Site other than to assist us .
By using our Site you are agreeing that we may use cookies for the purposes set out above .
Disclosure of Personal Information
We use the Personal Information for the purposes indicated at the time you provide us with such information , and/or otherwise for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and/or as otherwise permitted by law .
We may make available the Personal Information that you provide to us to our affiliates , agents , representatives , trusted service providers and contractors for these limited purposes .
We may also share Members ' Personal Information with financial institutions , insurance companies or other companies in the case of a merger , divestiture , or other corporate re-organisation .
We may also share Members ' Personal Information with law enforcement or regulatory agencies , as may be required by law .
Any third party which receives or has access to Personal Information shall be required by us to protect such Personal Information and to use it only to carry out the services they are performing for you or for Mt . Gox , unless otherwise required or permitted by law .
We will ensure that any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and we will enter into contracts with such third parties by which they are bound by terms no less protective of any Personal Information disclosed to them than the obligations we undertake to you under this Privacy Policy or which are imposed on us under applicable data protection laws .
Transfer of Personal Information Outside of Japan
Mt Gox will transfer Members ' Personal Information to Mt . Gox K.K . as well as the third party service providers entrusted by Mt . Gox with the hosting of the Platform and other technical operations relating to the operation of the Platform .
These parties may be located anywhere in the world .
By accepting this Privacy Policy , you consent to such transfer of your Personal Information out of Japan .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and whilst we will do our best to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site when it is outside of our control .
Once we have received your information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
Correction/Updating/Deletion of Personal Information
Mt . Gox will action your request only where this is not inconsistent with its legal and regulatory obligations .
Upon your written request , we will inform you of the Personal Information relating to you that we hold and the use and general disclosure of your Personal Information .
We will also give you a copy of the Personal Information we have retained .
There may be a minimal charge for accessing your Personal Information .
We have implemented security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Information and to protect your Personal Information from loss , misuse , alteration or destruction .
Only authorised personnel of Mt . Gox have access to your Personal Information , and these personnel are required to treat the information as confidential .
The security measures in place will , from time to time , be reviewed in line with legal and technical developments .
Retention of Personal Information
We will hold your Personal Information only for as long as it is necessary for us to do so , having regard to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and our own legal and regulatory requirements .
In accordance with our record keeping obligations we will retain Accounts and Personal Information for , at least a period of five years after they are closed by Members .
There may be links from our Site to other sites and resources provided by third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site .
Accessing those third party sites or sources requires you to leave our Site .
We do not control those third party sites or any of the content contained therein and you agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third party sites , including , without limitation , their content , policies , failures , promotions , products , services or actions and/or any damages , losses , failures or problems caused by , related to or arising from those sites .
We encourage you to review all policies , rules , terms and regulations , including the privacy policies , of each site that you visit .
You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Information .
Our Site policies , content , information , promotions , disclosures , disclaimers and features may be revised , modified , updated , and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of Mt . Gox .
If we change this Privacy Policy , will take steps to notify all users by a notice on our Site and will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices as it or they relate to the Platform , please contact us at the following e-mail address , address and telephone number :
Round Cross Shibuya 5F
11-6 Shibuya 2-Chome , Shibuya-ku
FAO : Mark Karpeles
Telephone Number +81 3 4520 6200
Last updated : [ February 2012 ]
Mt . Gox Android application
Mt . Gox 2010 - 2013 MtGox Co.Ltd .
( Japan ) |

Last Modified : December 26 , 2013
This is the privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) for mtv.com ( `` Site , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) , an Internet website offered in cooperation with the MTV television channel or programming service ( `` MTV Channel '' ) .
The MTV Channel and the Site ( together , `` MTV '' ) are provided by Viacom Media Networks ( `` VMN '' ) , a division of Viacom International Inc. ( together , VMN and Viacom International Inc. , the `` Parent Companies '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas :
When This Privacy Policy Applies .
U.S. Governing Law ; Safe Harbor .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information .
Protection of Information .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice .
When This Privacy Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer , a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered ( each , a `` Device '' ) and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user ( if offered by the Site ) or other user of the Site .
This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information ( as those terms are defined below ) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner ( such as by the MTV Channel not through the Site ) or by any other website offered by MTV , the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) or collected by any other company , unless specifically stated .
We may from time to time , combine Information ( as that term is defined below ) with other information we collect from other sources , such as information received from our Parent Companies , Affiliates , marketing companies or Advertisers and , if we do so , our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect , even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service , feature , function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates , expires , ceases , is suspended or deactivated for any reason .
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy , please do not participate in the Site or any features , activities or services offered through the Site .
Governing Law ; Safe Harbor
The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S .
We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in our Site activities , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement .
If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements , please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you are located outside of the U.S. , the EEA and Switzerland , you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you , not us , are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws .
If this Site is part of the Flux platform , by using this Site , participating in any Site activities , and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that this Site and Flux will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Flux Privacy Policy and U.S. law .
Consequently , to the full extent permitted by law , you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
When we use the term `` Personal Information '' we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you , such as your full name , postal address , e-mail address or telephone number .
When we use the term `` Other Information '' , we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you ( Personal Information and Other Information , together , the `` Information '' ) .
Information We Collect that You Provide Us .
To the extent we offer user registration on the Site , to register as a member of the Site , you are required to select a user name and password ( together , your `` User ID '' ) and may be required to also provide other Information , such as your email address and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested during the registration process ( but not required ) .
In Connection with Certain Features and Functions .
We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site , such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information , chat rooms , message boards , electronic mail services , messaging services , auctions , shopping , registration and member profile pages .
To sign up for or participate in these features or functions , you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions .
For example , to sign up to receive email newsletters , you may be required to provide your email address , date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration .
Further , for example , to the extent we offer such services , if you order any of our various Products ( as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and may maintain your billing address , shipping address , Product selections , your credit card or other payment instrument information , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site ( e.g. , the referring URL ) .
Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission .
In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes .
There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following : your first and last name , street address , city , state and zip code , email address , telephone number and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion , but submission of such Information may be optional .
The Promotion 's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements .
You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers , sponsors or promotional partners ( `` Advertisers '' ) as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions .
Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
`` Web beacons '' ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
The Site and/or third parties may use `` cookies '' , `` web beacons '' and other similar tracking technologies ( collectively , `` Tracking Technologies '' ) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on this Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password in password-protected areas , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts on the Site , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' , `` Other Information Collected by Us '' section below .
These Tracking Technologies collect `` click stream '' data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site , such as your visits to the Site 's webpages , use of our features , and purchasing history or preferences and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ( `` Identifier '' ) .
An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site .
Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information .
By visiting the Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers and other third parties ( collectively , `` Third Party Advertising Service Providers '' ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Site , facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ( `` Targeting Services '' ) .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited .
Targeting Services enable us to , among other things , help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Site except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as Advertisers and other third parties , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site .
Use of Information .
As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or , subject to the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section below , text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users , whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates or third parties ( for example , we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party ) ;
Processing your registration with the Site , such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid ;
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account , any services , features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use , any Promotions you have participated in or have entered , any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Responding to your questions or other requests ;
Contacting you regarding your use of the Site , for informational purposes related to the Site or , in our discretion , regarding changes to the Site 's policies ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information , so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information .
Other Information Collected by Us .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies ' , Affiliates ' , Advertisers ' or partners ' sites ;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity ;
Determining which features , webpages , products and services users like best to , among other things , help us operate the Site , enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information ;
Preparing statistics reports ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site
For the uses described for `` Personal Information '' above and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information .
Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours .
Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser , we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you .
Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' and Advertisers ' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' or Advertisers ' , as applicable , own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
However , please see `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) `` Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information .
In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers .
You may `` opt-out '' of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by going to the Site 's home page , logging in , clicking the `` Account '' link , to ( 1 ) deactivate your account or ( 2 ) change or edit your preferences .
You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested .
Further , when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands .
Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options .
In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us .
Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options .
In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services .
See `` Termination of Wireless Services by Users '' under the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages .
Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs .
However , even if you exercise your opt-out rights above , we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' Section above , such as for maintenance and administrative purposes .
Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies .
Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers , you have a number of options :
Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests .
You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe AudienceManager ( formerly known as Demdex ) and DoubleClick/Google , by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site .
Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out :
The opt-out tools discussed above are `` cookie based . ''
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser ( a process described below ) after opting out , you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are `` browser-specific . ''
The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences .
This means , for example , that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device .
It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES .
Tracking Technologies Set By the Site .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site , you have a number of options :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Internet Options '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising
Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and , if so , certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices .
Further , if you delete , reject , disable or turn off Tracking Technologies , you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as described above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described in Sections 4 ( b ) ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iii ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
MTV may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from MTV , either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for MTV .
The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user 's telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions , such as a user 's preferences regarding goods or services , choices of music or artists , or other similar survey information .
Depending on the Promotion , we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and , depending on the Information collected , the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement .
We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party 's interception of messages or a user 's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device .
Users that register for MTV 's wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the user 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from MTV .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Site , MTV , its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
To the extent we provide wireless marketing services , there are two registration methods provided for MTV 's wireless marketing services .
Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the `` single opt-in '' or the `` double-opt-in '' ( Site/SMS ) method , at the discretion of MTV depending on the type of Promotion .
Premium rate services will require the `` double opt-in '' ( Site/SMS or SMS/SMS ) method .
Single Opt-in Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
The user 's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to MTV will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to MTV to send text messages to him or her .
MTV will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a `` Thank you '' message .
The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from MTV or by sending a text message to MTV that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Double Opt-in ( Site/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process .
The user must affirmatively consent to MTV 's sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number ( or wireless email address , only if requested by MTV ) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site 's registration page .
The user must also agree to the Site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed .
MTV will then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from MTV to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of MTV 's wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that MTV may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while MTV continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Double Opt-in ( SMS/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
MTV will then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from MTV to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of MTV 's wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that MTV may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while MTV continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Termination of Wireless Services by User .
Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register , users may revoke their consent to receive messages from MTV by the following procedure :
A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by MTV at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
MTV will terminate the user 's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with MTV .
If the user unsubscribes from one or all of MTV service ( s ) via his or her wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user 's previous opt-in .
Termination of Wireless Services by MTV .
A user understands , acknowledges and agrees that MTV may , in its sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
MTV may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site .
Use of Information .
MTV will not use a wireless telephone number , wireless or conventional Internet email address , or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested , unless we provide advance notice of any other use .
We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure .
We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information .
Generally , we do not sell , rent , lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes .
You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information '' Section above .
Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed .
Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ( `` Posting Information '' ) , such as username .
We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of , and other services relating to , such Posting .
Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features .
The Site may also offer co-branded services and features , such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service , along with the Co-Branded partner 's privacy policy .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy .
Disclosure to Operational Service Providers .
We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site 's services , features , functions and operations .
We will refer to these third parties as `` operational service providers '' .
We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content , activities , services , features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us .
v. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties .
In addition to the above , we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances :
When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation ;
If we believe your actions violate any law , rule , regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement , including , without limitation , this Privacy Policy , Rules or Additional Terms ;
In connection with Promotions , as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws , rules or regulations ( for example , to provide winners ' lists or make required filings as appropriate ) ;
If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes , in which case the third party 's use of your Information is subject to the third party 's own privacy policy ;
If , in our sole discretion , we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate : to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries ; to protect our business and assets or the rights , property or safety of the Site , the MTV Channel , the Parent Companies , the Affiliates , or any of its or their operational service providers , licensors , suppliers , Advertisers , customers , users , or any other party ; to limit our legal liability ; to defend our interests ; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or
In the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , sale , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving us , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information .
We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties , but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information
Generally , you may review , update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by clicking `` Account '' on the homepage to sign in to your Site account with your User ID to change , update or deactivate your Personal Information .
However , Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as date of birth or age , can not be deleted , but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information .
We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID , as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current , but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID .
You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , clicking `` Profile '' or your display name at the top of the Site , selecting `` Edit Profile '' or `` Manage Account '' and selecting the `` Privacy '' tab .
Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user 's request , unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old .
If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated , we may decide not to provide access to such Information .
In such cases , we will provide to you an explanation of why access can not be provided and contact information for further inquiries .
Children or Ineligible Teenagers..
If we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site , such as a child ( a person under the age of 13 ) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ( `` Ineligible Teenagers '' ) , the child ( or Ineligible Teenager ) or the child 's ( or Ineligible Teenager 's ) parent or legal guardian ( the `` Parent '' ) always has the right to unsubscribe ( opt-out ) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message .
The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor ( a person under the age of 18 , or the age of majority in your state ) .
In addition , Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's membership must use their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID to gain direct access to the account , and follow the procedures in the `` Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use '' Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's member ; alternatively , Parents may send an email to the Site 's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID and request to terminate your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
We will not allow direct access to a user 's account and Personal Information by any person without the user 's User ID .
If a Parent does not have his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID , the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent 's name , address , telephone and email address , in addition to the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's name and email address as registered on the Site , plus the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's date of birth .
The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager .
MTV will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address .
MTV will then terminate the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name , address and email address of the person making the request .
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we maintain commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information .
However , regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission .
We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site .
We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality .
Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers ' personal identity data and financial account credentials .
`` Phishers '' use 'spoofed ' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers , account usernames , passwords and social security numbers .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( which we may sometimes refer to as `` unsubscribe '' ) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties ( such as Advertisers ) for marketing purposes .
Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year .
All requests must be labeled `` Your California Privacy Rights '' on the email subject line or envelope or post card .
For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to `` Your California Privacy Rights '' , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address ( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) .
We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile .
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or do not have complete information .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting .
Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site 's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes ; the form of such notice is at our discretion .
However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates .
Accuracy and Confidentiality .
It is your responsibility to give us current , complete , truthful and accurate information , including Personal Information , and to keep such information up to date .
We can not and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate , truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information .
We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false , fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID , if applicable , and for any charges , costs , expenses , damages , liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so .
You , and not us , are solely responsible and liable for the activity , behavior , use and conduct on the Site under your User ID ( whether used by you or any others who use your User ID ) , unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised , misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party .
We reserve the right to deny access , use and registration privileges to any user , including without limitation , a registered user , of any services , features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user 's account or any services , features or functions .
Further , if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site , please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities , as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes .
MTV is in no way responsible for the accuracy , use , or misuse of any information , including Personal Information , that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly , even without your knowledge or authorization .
Sole Statement : This document is the sole statement of the Site 's Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , but not limited to , machine-generated , is valid .
Other : Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site .
Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement .
This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately .

( Effective November 9 , 2010 )
The singular term `` Website '' includes all websites listed above and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent , mirror , replacement , substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Website .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , including our successors , parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , and related companies , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , address , email address , and phone number when registering with our Website , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Mac OS , etc . ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc . ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
We may share or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners , list rental/purchasing agencies , and persons or entities with whom we have marketing , business , or other relationships .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
Whether or not you opt-out is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information :
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
( 1 ) IP Addresses :
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 ) Cookies , etc . :
`` Cookies '' are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website and third-party content providers that serve content on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 3 ) Email Communications :
If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future commercial email communications from us by following the instructions at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
( 4 ) Transfer of Assets :
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 5 ) Other :
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 6 ) Your California Privacy Rights :
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
We may provide you with the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information , either by registering on the Website or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by our third party affiliates .
The information requested as part of the online registration process may include your telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional information may be requested for specific promotions .
Depending on the promotion , we may also collect an email address or other contact information , and you may also be required to confirm your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
If you register for wireless marketing services , you understand and agree that you will be charged by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to a your wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
You may cancel one or more services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` UNSUBSCRIBE . ''
We will then terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service sent to you .
If you unsubscribe , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
You understand , acknowledge and agree that we may , in our sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
We may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website

Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the MyFantasyLeague.com website .
On some pages , you can order products , make requests , and register to receive materials .
The types of personal information collected at these pages are :
On your league page , you may voluntarily enter contact information that makes it easier for league members to contact you , including :
Phone numbers ( daytime , evening , fax , cell )
Personal web site URL
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order .
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order .
We do not , in any manner , use the information voluntarily entered on your league page .
It is important to realize that anyone ( not just your league members ) may view your personal ( non-MFL ) web site if defined , but the contact information you enter on your league page is only seen by league members while they are logged in .
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive .
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties .
Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows an error .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please fill out our support form .

The FICO Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) sets forth FICO 's commitment to protecting personally identifiable information we obtain about you when you register to use one of our Web sites or become our customer by obtaining a product from us to be used primarily for personal , family or household purposes ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
The Privacy Policy applies to current customers , former customers , and applicants for our products .
Information Collected From Business Clients .
This Privacy Policy generally does not apply to personally identifiable information collected , used and disclosed pursuant to contractual agreements between FICO and its business clients .
However , the Personal Data Security and Confidentiality section of this FICO Privacy Policy is applicable to all personally identifiable information held at FICO .
Subject to contractual restrictions , FICO may use such personally identifiable information to send business clients or other businesses information about FICO or other marketing opportunities via telephone , automated email messages , and direct mail .
Email messages may contain web beacons and other features that tell us the message was received and opened .
At any time the recipient may opt out of receiving further email communications from us by clicking the unsubscribe link that appears in all FICO email messages .
Any business may also opt out of receiving any marketing solicitation from us , including email , direct mail , and phone solicitations , by calling us at 1.888.FICO.EDM ( 888-342-6336 ) at any time Monday through Friday .
We will not use such personally identifiable information to solicit individuals or businesses without prior consent in those countries that require opt-in consent .
We collect Personal Information from applications , questionnaires , and other forms you submit to us , such as your name , contact information ( address , email , and telephone number ) , income , job title , Social Security Number , company 's name and location ( country , state and zip code ) , and industry sector .
We collect information from your transactions and interactions with us , such as your professional interests .
We may collect Personal Information from credit bureaus if it is necessary for the delivery of the services we provide you , and we may access public sources of information , such as census data and real estate records , and private sources of information such as market research data .
Note : this Web site may be hosted by a third party service provider on servers located in the United States .
If you are located in a non-US jurisdiction , you may be sending your Personal Information to the United States or another jurisdiction that does not have laws that provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country .
When you visit this Web site we may collect and store , either directly or through the use of a third party tracking system , the IP address of the computer making the request ( this may not be the IP address of your personal computer , but the IP address assigned to your Internet connection by your Internet service provider or company network ) ; the URL that is being requested ; the date and time of the request ; the browser type and operating system used to make the request ; and the referring URL .
We also may collect aggregate search terms from search engine referrals to determine what information visitors are searching for when they find our Web Sites .
We do not permit other parties to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites when you use our Web site or service .
We may use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to track your use of our Web sites .
A `` cookie '' is a small piece of information sent by a Web server and stored by the user 's Web browser so the information can later be read back from that browser .
Cookies enable the browser to identify itself to the server , and allow the server to maintain an active `` session '' with an individual user .
Cookies help the browser remember some specific information about you , such as your origination information and your product and service preferences .
We use cookies to store these identifiers , which allow us to authenticate you when you visit the Web site .
These identifiers also allow us to personalize and facilitate delivery of our products and services to you .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by this Web site but does not cover the use of cookies by our third-party tracking service .
Web beacons ( sometimes called transparent GIFs , clear GIFs , or web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a way for us to deliver a small graphic image ( usually invisible ) on a web page or in an email .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies , the time and date a page is viewed , and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
We use web beacons to improve your experience on our Web Sites , including to provide you with content customized to your interests and to understand whether users read email messages and click on links contained within those messages so that we can deliver relevant content and offers .
Our web beacons may collect some contact information ( for example , the email address associated with an email message that contains a web beacon ) .
Your Web browser may be set to accept cookies automatically , but can be changed to decline them .
The Help section of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to set your browser to prevent accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you decline to accept cookies , the functionality of myFICO and Free FICO Score Web sites will be very limited : you will not be able to log into your account or purchase products .
Personal Information collected from you is often necessary for the performance of the services and functionalities offered on the Web site .
Information gathered from Web-based tools may be used to ( i ) administer and improve our Web Sites and your user experience , by gathering statistical information about how our Web site is used , and diagnosing any technical problems which may occur with our servers ; and ( ii ) identify individual users who have registered for certain products , and track their online activities , including their registration , submissions , and information requests , in accordance with applicable law .
Email This ( tell-a-friend ) : if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about any of our Web Sites or any of our Products , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
We do not store this information or disclose or use it for any other purpose .
We use Personal Information to register you with the Web site and provide you with requested information or services .
We may also from time to time use your contact information to send you information about FICO and marketing materials via telephone , automated email messages , and direct mail .
These email messages may contain web beacons and other features that tell us you received and were able to open the message .
At any time you may opt out of receiving further email communications from us by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of all FICO email messages .
This Web site contains links to other Web sites : Fair Isaac is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites .
Use By Third Parties .
If you submit Personal Information to us as part of a request to be contacted by a lender or lenders , we will supply your personal information to the lender ( s ) , and one or more lender ( s ) will use the information you have provided to contact you regarding the specific product which you have requested .
We do not have control over the use of your personal information once we provide it to the lenders , and we are not responsible for their privacy practices .
Your rights with respect to their treatment of your information will be governed by their own policies .
FICO may disclose Personal Information to third parties as required or permitted by law , under the following circumstances :
To companies in our corporate group as necessary or appropriate to provide the product or service you requested , to contact you in connection with product or service offerings , or for other legitimate business purposes ;
To companies and individuals with whom we contract to perform business functions and services on our behalf , e.g. , hosting our web servers , analyzing data , providing legal , accounting and marketing services , and providing other support services ;
To financial service providers such as credit bureaus , insurance companies who help us market our products , including business partners in joint marketing agreements ( CA residents : we will not disclose information about you to other financial service providers in joint marketing agreements , other than as required by law , unless you authorize us to do so ) , provided such parties maintain the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information , and process the data in accordance with our instructions ;
To government agencies , advisors , and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws , law ( e.g. , in response to subpoenas or government investigations ) , to assert or defend legal claims , and in order to investigate or respond to actual or suspected illegal activities , fraud , and threats of physical harm , or to protect the rights or property of FICO or its affiliated companies ,
To carefully selected business partners ( e.g. , so they can alert you to valuable products and services ;
To non-financial service providers , such as retailers , online and offline advertisers , non-profit organizations , and third parties when you direct us to share information about you : and
If FICO is in negotiations to be acquired by or merged with another company , or if the business of the Free FICO score or myFICO divisions of FICO is acquired by another company , to the acquiring company .
With respect to Personal Information , we do not honor electronic do-not-track signals sent by your browser when you visit our site or other mechanisms that would give you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information about your online activities over time and across third party Web sites , but you have the ability to opt out of certain types of information sharing and communications .
You may tell us not to :
Disclose information about you outside our corporate group of companies , except we may disclose information as required or permitted by law .
Required disclosures are made , for example , to outside auditors and banking regulators .
Permitted disclosures are made , for example , to vendors assisting us in opening , maintaining or servicing your account .
( CA , ND , and VT Residents : We will not disclose information about you outside our corporate group of companies , other than as required or permitted by law , unless you authorize us to do so . )
Disclose credit data ( i.e. , financial data we get from credit bureaus or from you that helps us determine your eligibility for credit ) about you within our corporate group of companies ; we do not disclose credit data outside our corporate group of companies .
( VT Residents : We will not disclose credit information about you within our corporate group of companies , other than as required or permitted by law , unless you authorize us to do so . )
Solicit you by mail , telephone or e-mail for products and services that are not directly related to your account and that are outside our regular communications with you ( such as your monthly statement , customer service e-mails or when you call our customer service center ) .
If you tell us not to solicit you , we will not disclose information about you within our corporate group of companies for that purpose .
You may opt out of receiving these communications and information when you create your myFICO and/or free FICO score account by following the instruction for opting out of the communication programs .
If you receive an email from us you may opt out of further email communications by following the opt-out link contained in the email .
( NV residents : you may also contact the Attorney General at 100 N Carson St. Carson City , NV 89701-4717 or by telephone at 775-684-1100 . )
Please note that your decision to opt out will not apply to certain disclosures that are required for us to deliver the Products you have ordered or that are specifically permitted or required by law .
For example , the Products can not operate unless we transmit data to companies that help us provide the Products , such as by providing us with credit reports or processing credit card charges .
Your general opt-out instructions also will not apply to specific disclosures or communications to which you consent .
Personal Data Security and Confidentiality
We have up-to-date physical safeguards , such as secure areas in buildings ; electronic safeguards , such as passwords , internal and external firewalls , and encryption ; and procedural safeguards , such as customer authentication procedures to prevent ID theft .
Information you provide to us when you register for and order our products is transmitted to us through a secure sockets layer ( SSL ) transmission .
We restrict access to information about you to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you .
We carefully select and monitor outside service providers , such as mail vendors , who have access to customer information , and we require them to keep it safe and secure .
We do not allow them to use or share the information for any purpose other than the job they are hired to do .
We train our employees on these security procedures , and we conduct regular audits to check on compliance with the procedures .
Of course , you must do your part to ensure the security of your information .
For example , you must guard your logon ID and password and not permit unauthorized use of your account .
No security measures can provide absolute protection of data , but we will strive to provide a superior level of protection for your information .
Information you enter in the InfoVault feature of the Suze Orman FICO Kit is treated differently from other information we may collect from you .
The InfoVault is intended for you to store private information , including personally identifiable data regarding your accounts , contact information , social security number , medical records , and other sensitive information that you decide to store there .
That information will be available to you on our site as long as your Suze Orman FICO Kit is active .
It is your personal information and , notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy , FICO will not use this information in any way or intentionally disclose it to any third party without your consent or as required by law .
However , we recommend that you be extremely careful about the information you decide to store in the InfoVault .
If you choose to use the forum on this Web site , any information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
Personal Data Access and Correction
FICO will provide you access to Personal Information about you in accordance with applicable law , so you can correct or delete the Personal Information .
You may have additional rights in non-U.S. countries , such as objecting to and blocking the processing of your Personal Information .
For security reasons , FICO will take steps to authenticate your identity before providing you with access to Personal Information .
Revisions to the Policy
If we amend this Privacy Policy , we will post an updated Privacy Policy on the Web site where you access your account , and changes will be effective 30 days after the updated Privacy Policy is posted .
Your continued use of our Web site following the posting of an updated Policy will mean you accept the changes .
In countries outside the United States , we will also take other steps as required by law , such as obtaining your consent or providing you with the opportunity to delete your Personal Information .
FICO 's Web Sites are intended solely for use by adults .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children .
200 Smith Ranch Road
San Rafael , CA 94903

MyFitnessPal , Inc. ( hereinafter , `` MyFitnessPal '' ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of the Website and MyFitnessPal mobile phone applications ( the `` Applications '' ) .
MyFitnessPal created this Privacy Policy to explain its information collection and use practices and the protection of Your information when You visit and use the Website and Applications .
Any terms capitalized but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the MyFitnessPal Terms of Use .
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Website and Applications and does not apply to any websites or applications that are owned or operated by third parties ( `` Third-Party Websites/Applications '' ) , which may have data collection , storage and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy .
For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below .
BY USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATIONS , YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD , AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF , THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE AND/OR APPLICATION .
MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information of the sort that browsers automatically make available , including : ( i ) IP addresses ; ( ii ) domain servers ; ( iii ) types of computers accessing the Website ; and ( iv ) types of Web browsers accessing the Website ( collectively `` Traffic Data '' ) .
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify You .
A `` Cookie '' is a string of information that a website stores on a user 's computer , and that the user 's browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website .
The purpose of a Cookie is to identify the user as a unique user of the Website .
MyFitnessPal uses Cookies to customize Your experience on the Website to Your interests , to ensure that You do not see the same advertisements or informational messages repeatedly , and to store Your password so You do not have to re-enter it each time You visit the Website .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may use Cookies , and other methods , to store and retrieve data from Your web browser .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Cookies , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , below .
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER , YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSERS TO REFUSE COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE , WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN OF THE SERVICES AND CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF COOKIES .
`` Web Beacons '' ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or web bugs ) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to Cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access Cookies .
Unlike Cookies which are stored on the user 's computer hard drive , Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages ( or in e-mail ) .
Web Beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with Cookies , to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Web Beacons , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies & Web Beacons , below .
Mobile Device Data .
When users download , install and use the Applications on their mobile phone or other wireless telecommunications device , MyFitnessPal automatically gathers information , including without limitation , carrier providers , a unique device identifier , geo-location information ( if allowed by the user ) , the types of mobile devices accessing the Application , and the types of operating systems accessing the Applications ( collectively , `` Mobile Device Data '' ) .
A unique device identifier is a string of alphanumeric characters ( similar to a serial number ) used to uniquely identify and distinguish each mobile phone or other wireless communications device .
Location services can be enabled or disabled at anytime , through the mobile device settings .
MyFitnessPal uses Mobile Device Data to understand usage patterns and to improve the Applications .
For additional information on MyFitnessPal 's uses of Mobile Device Data , see the section concerning Information Use and Disclosure Practices/Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , Web Beacons , and Mobile Device Data , below .
Ad Serving and Usage Analytics .
MyFitnessPal uses third-parties for advertising and usage analytics for the Website and Applications .
These third-parties may place Cookies on Your machine , use Web Beacons , gather Personal Information ( as defined below ) , Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data , and log data to collect traffic and activity data in order to deliver relevant metrics , content , and advertising .
We do not share your non-public Personal Information with these parties , but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see at MyFitness Pal .
The collection of this information by third-parties is subject to such third-parties ' privacy policies .
For additional information , see the section concerning Third-Party Websites/Applications , below .
You will be asked to provide MyFitnessPal certain information related to You ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
Personal Information includes , without limitation : ( 1 ) `` Contact Data '' ( personally identifiable information about You , such as Your name and email address , as well as Your friends and contacts , if you enable access to Your contacts and address book information ) ; and ( 2 ) `` Demographic Data '' ( personal information about You ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your gender , birthday , zip code , country , height , weight , lifestyle and exercise frequency ) ; and ( 3 ) `` Fitness Data '' ( information about Your use of the Services ( but does n't specifically identify You ) , such as Your caloric intake , nutritional statistics , fitness activity , and weight loss/gain ) .
The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile , providing the Website and/or Applications and related services , monitoring and improving the content and usage of the Website and/or Applications , interacting with the Website and/or Applications and with your friends and other members , to find and connect with Your friends and other members ( when instructed by You ) , customizing the advertising and content you see , communicating with you about new features and other news , and any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Website and/or Applications to your needs , to research the effectiveness of our Website and/or Applications , and to develop new tools for our members .
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information , however , not providing this information may prevent You from using certain features of the Services .
Third Party Services .
If you create an account using Your login/ID from a Third Party Service , like Facebook , MyFitnessPal will use Your login/ID to access and collect the information that Your privacy settings on that Third Party Service permits MyFitnessPal to access so that MyFitnessPal can create Your account and connect You with Your friends .
Information You Make Public .
Certain portions of the Website and Applications are open to any viewer , such as our community forums and Your personal profile .
Any information You post in these locations may be available and accessible to other members of the Website .
In addition , the Website contains features that permit You to upload , post , transmit , display , perform or distribute content , information or other data , including Your Personal Information .
Any information that You choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information .
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Your Personal Information by means of such features , and You agree to assume all responsibility for doing so .
INFORMATION USE AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies , Web Beacons & Mobile Device Data .
MyFitnessPal analyzes Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data to help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications .
By identifying patterns and trends in usage , MyFitnessPal is able to better design the Website and Applications to improve Your experience , and to serve You more relevant and interesting content and advertisements .
From time to time , MyFitnessPal may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies , Web Beacons and Mobile Device Data in the aggregate , such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may share Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons with : ( 1 ) third-party analytics companies so that such third-parties may help MyFitnessPal better understand who is using the Website and/or Applications and how they are using the Website and/or Applications ; ( 2 ) advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests ; and ( 3 ) service providers so that we can personalize , provide and improve our Services to Your use and interests .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data to send You information about MyFitnessPal and MyFitnessPal 's products and services , and to contact You when necessary in connection with the Services .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Contact Data ( when instructed by You ) to connect You with Your friends and other members with whom You want to connect with , according to the preferences set in Your account .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Demographic Data to customize and tailor Your experience on the Website and/or Applications .
As with Traffic Data and Mobile Device Data and information gathered using Cookies and Web Beacons , from time to time MyFitnessPal may release or share Demographic Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate , for industry analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes .
In addition , MyFitnessPal shares anonymized Demographic Data with its advertisers and marketing partners so that such third-parties may provide You with advertisements tailored to Your interests .
MyFitnessPal uses Your Fitness Data to provide , personalize and improve Your experience on the Website and/or Applications .
As with Demographic Data and other data gathered through the Service , MyFitnessPal may release or share Fitness Data with third parties in anonymous form and/or in the aggregate , for statistical analysis , research , demographic profiling and other similar purposes .
In addition , MyFitnessPal may share your Fitness Data along with some of Your Demographic Data , in anonymous form and in the aggregate , with other MyFitnessPal users so that You and other users can compare their own personal fitness , health and wellness situation relative to the entire MyFitnessPal community .
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , and when You otherwise give permission or under the following circumstances , MyFitnessPal will not share Your Personal Information with third parties .
Disclosure in Connection with Services .
MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information to those who help it provide services , including those who perform technical , administrative and data processing tasks such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , and data storage and security .
By Law or to Protect Rights .
MyFitnessPal discloses Personal Information when required to do so by law , or in response to a subpoena or court order , or when MyFitnessPal believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MyFitnessPal , third-parties or the public at large .
Business Transfers ; Bankruptcy .
MyFitnessPal reserves the right to transfer all Personal Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger , acquisition , or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of MyFitnessPal ' assets .
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court , the use and disclosure of all transferred Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy , or to a new privacy policy if You are given notice of that new privacy policy and an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it .
Personal Information submitted or collected after a transfer , however , may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by MyFitnessPal 's successor organization .
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS FROM MYFITNESSPAL
In providing the Services , You may receive periodic email communications from MyFitnessPal regarding the Services , such as new product offers and other information regarding the Services , which are part of the Services and which You can not opt out of receiving .
You may also receive periodic promotions and other offers or materials MyFitnessPal believes might be of interest to You .
You can opt-out of receiving these promotional messages at any time by ( a ) following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each message ; or ( b ) changing the messaging preferences in Your account .
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS FROM MEMBERS
By finding and connecting with Your friends and other members , You may receive electronic communications , including email and personal messages from other MyFitnessPal members .
You can manage the messages You receive from other members by changing the messaging preferences in Your account .
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
MyFitnessPal has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices designed to protect against the unauthorized access , use , modification , destruction or disclosure of Your Personal Information , however , despite these efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse .
In the event that Your Personal Information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , MyFitnessPal will promptly notify You if Your Personal Information has been compromised as required by applicable law .
USER ABILITY TO ACCESS , UPDATE , AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
If You have an account , You can access and modify Your Personal Information through Your account , at any time .
If you completely delete all such information You will not be able to access or use the Website and/or Applications correctly .
MyFitnessPal will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor Your request ; however , MyFitnessPal may retain an archived copy of Your records as required by law or for other legitimate business purposes .
MyFitnessPal wants Your Personal Information to be complete and accurate .
By using the Website and/or Applications , You represent and warrant that all information You provide on any registration form or otherwise in connection with Your use of the Website and/or Applications and Services will be complete and accurate , and that You will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy .
To confirm the completeness and accuracy of , or make changes to , Your Personal Information , please visit Your personal profile .
The Website and Applications contain links to Third-Party Websites/Applications .
MyFitnessPal does not own or control these Third-Party Websites/Applications .
MyFitnessPal is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of those Third-Party Websites/Applications and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any Third-Party Websites/Applications , except with respect to Personal Information provided directly to them by MyFitnessPal .
Before visiting or providing Personal Information to a Third-Party Website , You should inform Yourself of the privacy policies and practices ( if any ) of that Third-Party Website , and should take those steps necessary to , in Your discretion , protect Your privacy .
UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
MyFitnessPal reserves the right to , update , change or modify this Privacy Policy .
Any material changes to this policy will be posted on the Website and/or Applications ( or You may be notified by email or other notification ) , and will indicate when such changes will become effective .
You will be deemed to have agreed to any such modification or amendment by Your decision to continue using the Website and/or Application following the date in which the modified or amended Privacy Policy is posted on the Website .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
MyFitnessPal does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If MyFitnessPal obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , MyFitnessPal will promptly delete such information from its database .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide Your information to MyFitnessPal , Your information will be transferred to the United States and processed there ( or any other country where MyFitnessPal operates ) .
By providing Your information and using the Website and/or Applications , You agree and consent to the collection , transfer , use , storage and disclosure of Your information as described in this Privacy Policy .
EFFECTIVE DATE : JUNE 11 , 2013

Do we use cookies
We do not use cookies .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties
We do not sell , trade , or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information .
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website , conducting our business , or servicing you , so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential .
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law , enforce our site policies , or protect ours or others rights , property , or safety .
However , non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing , advertising , or other uses .
Occasionally , at our discretion , we may include or offer third party products or services on our website .
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies .
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites .
Nonetheless , we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites .
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act .
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent .
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA ( Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age .
Our website , products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older .
By using our site , you consent to our website 's privacy policy .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page .
This policy was last modified on 7/11/2012
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below .
Kozaja , Inc .
10300 Storm King Rd
Norman , OK 73026
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support help desk software .

MyLife.com , Inc. ( we , us , our , or MyLife ) recognizes the importance of consumer privacy and we take this issue seriously .
This Online Privacy Policy ( the Policy ) has been designed in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that you can clearly understand our privacy practices with respect to the information collected by websites and other online interfaces that are owned or operated by MyLife and contain a link to this Policy ( collectively , the Services ) .
We are committed to treating your Personal Information ( as defined below ) with care and respect .
This Policy together with the User Agreement , which are incorporated herein by reference describes how we collect , use , and disclose information on or through the Services .
Please note that the Policy does not apply to activities that are offline or unrelated to the Services unless otherwise expressly set forth below .
By accessing or interacting with the Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
MyLife and its service providers collect two main types of information through the Services : Personal Information and Other Information .
Personal Information refers to information that can be used to contact you or identify you as a particular individual .
The specific kinds of Personal Information we collect through the Services typically depend on the exact nature of our relationship with you , but might include :
Address ( e.g. , postal , billing , shipping , etc . ) ;
Telephone number including cell number ;
Date of birth ;
Payment information ( e.g. , credit or debit card number , expiration date , other financial account details , etc . ) ;
User ID , login name , screen name , nickname , or handle and password ;
Social media accounts and/or IDs ;
Likeness and physical characteristics ( e.g. , profile picture , eye and hair color , height , etc . ) ; and
vDetails regarding background or preferences ( e.g. , interests , nicknames , favorite quote , etc . ) ;
School , workplace and job position ;
Other Information refers to any information that does not reveal your specific identity or directly relate to you as an individual .
We collect a number of different types of Other Information through the Services , such as :
Browser and device information ( e.g. , browser/device type , UDID , geographic location , etc . ) ;
Information collected through cookies , pixel tags , and other tracking technologies ;
Demographic and other similar information you provide ( e.g. , gender , ethnicity , relationship status , etc . ) ; and
Aggregated or otherwise de-identified information .
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We and our service providers may collect Personal Information through the Services in a variety of ways , including :
We collect Personal Information from you when you elect to voluntarily provide it to us .
For example , certain features of the Services are only accessible by individuals who have registered and created an account with MyLife ( collectively , Members ) .
In order to become a Member , you must first complete our online registration form , which requests basic contact information ( e.g. , name , date of birth , e-mail address , etc . ) from you .
You can also enter certain other details about yourself on your profile page ( e.g. , job and schools ) .
The information you provide during the registration process allows MyLife to create a unique profile for you on the Services ( your Member Profile ) , which may be supplemented with other information as described herein .
Other examples of ways that you may voluntarily provide Personal Information through the Services include : directly requesting information or assistance , inquiring about the Services , sending us an e-mail , connecting via a Social Network API , submitting a payment , completing other online forms ( e.g. , to add or update information in your Member Profile , to invite contacts to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature , to perform people searches through our Who 's Searching for You feature , etc . ) , or otherwise interacting with MyLife 's online presence .
To this end , the Services may provide you with the opportunity to share your reviews , thoughts , or comments regarding your relationship with MyLife .
Such testimonial information may include your personal experiences with our products or services and related Personal Information that you choose to submit through the Services .
In the event you elect to do so , we will request your permission before publicly posting any Personal Information contained therein on the Services .
You can also request that we remove your testimonial any time by contacting Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section .
If you use the Facebook Connect function to import information or to create your Member Profile , we will collect the following : your full name , gender and date of birth ; email address ; employment and education ; certain Facebook profile details ; relationships ; photos / videos ; and live stream feeds .
Facebook profile information will not be imported into your Member Profile without your consent .
We will share this information in the manner specified in this privacy policy .
You can edit and/or update this information on the MyLife site whenever you choose by going to the Edit section of your profile and adjusting the information as you wish .
Please note that if you choose to provide us with Personal Information relating to other people , you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy .
You should also be aware that any Personal Information you submit through public areas of the Services ( e.g. , blogs , forums , people search pages , etc . ) can be viewed , collected , and possibly used by others , both on the Services ( e.g. , to send you unsolicited messages ) and potentially on third-party services to the extent permissible under this Policy .
We encourage Members and non-Members to refrain from disclosing Personal Information within such public areas of the Services that they do not wish to share .
If you would like additional details regarding the areas of the Services that may be publicly accessible , please do not hesitate to contact Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section .
We may acquire Personal Information about you from other sources , such as : public databases , joint marketing partners , social media platforms , people with whom you are friends or have otherwise connected on social media platforms , and other third parties .
We may append third parties ' information to the Member 's profile ( e.g . previous address ) and notify the Member of such information .
Although MyLife will not create a Member Profile for you unless you request that we do so , we also maintain a database of public domain information we have licensed from third-party sources for display and resale on the Internet .
Please note that we may use this information to create public profiles for non-Members ( Public Profiles ) , as well as to allow Members to add to their existing Member Profiles .
Members and non-Members can use the Services to search for individuals from their past using various parameters , and the results of their searches may include public domain information from Public Profiles and/or Member Profiles .
If people search for you on the Internet ( e.g. , through a third-party search engine like Google or Yahoo ! ) , their search results may also include links to your Public Profile and/or Member Profile on the Services .
Additional information regarding the choices and controls that may be available to you with respect to your Member Profile and/or Public Profile can be found in the Your Choices and Controls section of the Policy .
A Member may take control of their Public Profile anytime by claiming the Public Profile .
MyLife and its service providers also collect Other Information through the Services in a number of different manners , including automatically through the use of cookies , web beacons , and other tracking technologies .
We use this information in order to , among other things : permit the Services to function properly , evaluate how you interact with the Services , determine where you are located , support data analytics and research , and assist with the marketing and product development efforts of MyLife and our business partners .
Please note that under certain circumstances we may combine the Other Information we collect through the Services ( e.g. , a Member 's geographical location ) with Personal Information ( e.g. , the Member 's name ) .
If we do so , MyLife will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy for as long as it is remains combined and identifies you as a particular individual .
Examples of the ways in which we may collect Other Information from you include the following :
Cookies are small pieces of data that are based on your Internet activity and stored on the hard drive of your computer by your Internet browser when you visit a website .
Through the use of cookies , we are able to collect traffic , usage , and other similar information about your interactions with the Services ( e.g. , time spent on the Services , the specific portions of the Services that you use or visit , language preferences , etc . ) , as well as recognize your computer or device to facilitate your use of the Services ( e.g. , to display information more efficiently ) .
We may use this type of information for a variety of purposes , including : analyzing usage patterns , monitoring and improving the Services , personalizing your interactions with the Services , tracking Internet activity , and supporting our marketing efforts .
When you visit the Services or other websites where we advertise , we or a third party may use Other Information collected through the Services to show you interest-based advertisements and offers that we think will be more relevant to your preferences and behaviors .
Cookies enable us to personalize these advertisements and track their frequency and placement .
Although most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , you can generally find a help section on the browser toolbar that will inform you how to configure your browser settings to warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or to reject cookies entirely .
If you disable cookies , however , you will not have access to many features that make your interactions with the Services more efficient and some of the Services ' features may not function properly .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies .
A web beacon ( sometimes referred to as a pixel tag or a clear GIF ) is a programming code that can be used to display an image on a website , e-mail , or other communication .
Web beacons are typically one-pixel , transparent images and are used to transfer an individual 's unique user identification ( often in the form of a cookie ) to a database in order to associate that individual with previously acquired information about him/her in a database .
They allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that accesses the website on which the beacon appears , the URL of such a website , the time that such a website was viewed , the type of browser used to view such a website , and the information contained in any cookies set by the third party .
We may use web beacons and other similar tracking technologies to help us better manage content on the Services by informing us what content is effective .
For example , web beacons allow us to measure the success of our marketing campaigns by providing insight into the actions taken by users of the Services ( e.g. , compiling statistics about the rate at which certain marketing e-mails are opened by their intended recipients ) .
These technologies may also be used to help us remember who you are and track your account preferences .
As is true of most online services , we automatically collect and store certain Other Information in our server log files each time a user accesses the Services .
This information may include , for example : computer or device IP address , Internet browser type , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and click stream data .
We use this information for purposes such as : analyzing trends , administering the Services , tracking user activities on the Services , and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole .
Information You Provide .
We collect Other Information that you choose to voluntarily provide to us through the Services .
For example , you may have the opportunity to submit your location or indicate your preferred means of communication with MyLife .
Unless combined with Personal Information , the Other Information you may provide to us generally does not identify you or any other user of the Services as a particular individual .
Occasionally , MyLife will combine Personal Information and other data to create de-identified information about groups or particular types of individuals that access the Services .
Such aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services as an individual and is considered Other Information for the purposes of this Policy .
As an example , we may aggregate Personal Information from many different users to calculate the percentage of our total user base who have a particular area code .
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Parties
MyLife has relationships with certain third-party service providers who place advertisements on our behalf on other websites , perform tracking and other similar functions for the Services and our advertisements , and assist us in providing you with customer support .
We may share information with these companies in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy .
In addition , they may automatically collect information about your interaction with the Services ( e.g. , IP address , Internet browser type , online activity , etc . ) through the use of tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons .
Among other things , this information is typically used to present you with advertisements tailored to your interests and better understand how the Services are being used .
The use of tracking technologies by third parties on the Services is governed by their respective privacy policies , and is not controlled by this Policy .
If you would like more information about interest-based advertising on the Services and to know your choices about not having this information used by our advertising partners , please click here .
Third-Party Websites and Services
The Services and certain communications you receive from MyLife may contain links to websites and/or other online content that are owned and operated by third parties .
The information practices of any such third-party websites or online services are not covered by this Policy .
MyLife can not control the treatment of your information by these third parties , and their privacy practices likely differ from those described in the Policy .
We strongly encourage you to review the privacy practices of any such third parties prior to disclosing any Personal Information to them .
If you have any questions regarding their collection , use , or disclosure of your information , you must contact the relevant third party directly .
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY MYLIFE
MyLife uses the information we collect about you through the Services ( including Personal Information ) in order to , among other things :
Confirm and complete the transactions you request ;
Operate , monitor , manage , improve , and expand the Services and/or our business activities ;
Provide you with customer service support and other requested information or services ;
Respond to your inquiries and resolve your problems or disputes ;
Develop , enhance , and market our products and services or the products and services of third parties ;
Communicate with you about your interactions with the Services and your MyLife account ;
Provide you with promotional offers , administrative materials , and other related content ( including interest-based advertising ) ;
Personalize your content and experiences on the Services ;
Allow you to participate in sweepstakes , contests , or promotions upon your request ( note that these activities may be sponsored by third parties and additional rules or disclosures may apply to the treatment of your Personal Information we encourage you to carefully read the terms and conditions applicable to any sweepstakes , contests , or promotions prior to enrolling ) ;
Facilitate social sharing , messaging , or other similar functionalities on the Services ;
Protect the rights or property of MyLife or third parties ( including through the enforcement of this Policy , the User Agreement , and other applicable agreements and policies ) ; and
Comply with legal or other regulatory requirements .
We may also use your Personal Information for other purposes when you provide us with prior consent to use your information in such a manner .
For example , we may use Personal Information in accordance with disclosures made available to you when you submit that information through the Services , or as otherwise disclosed in this Policy .
Please note that unless expressly stated herein , MyLife may use and disclose Other Information for any purposes allowed by applicable laws and regulations .
Under certain circumstances we may combine Other Information ( e.g. , a Member 's geographical location ) with Personal Information ( e.g. , the Member 's name ) .
If we do so , MyLife will treat the combined information as Personal Information for as long as it is remains combined and identifies you as a particular individual .
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER COMPANIES
We may share the Personal Information that is collected on or through the Services with third parties under certain circumstances , including the following :
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure of your Personal Information .
For example , you may be presented with an opportunity to co-register with select third-party partners when you become a Member , and we will share your Personal Information with our co-registration partners if you choose to co-register with them .
Likewise , we may share Personal Information with our third-party co-marketing partners if we believe they have an offer that would be of interest to you and you have provided us with consent to do so .
It is important to note that once we share your information with another company , that information becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices .
On rare occasions , we may share your Personal Information when we reasonably believe that we are compelled to do so by government authorities or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations ( e.g. , pursuant to law enforcement inquiries , subpoenas , court orders , etc . ) .
MyLife may also share your Personal Information with third parties if we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate to protect our rights , property , or safety ( including the enforcement of this Policy , the User Agreement and any other applicable agreements and policies ) , or to protect the rights , property , or safety of third parties .
Agents & Service Providers .
MyLife may disclose Personal Information to our trusted agents and service providers so that they can perform requested services on our behalf .
For example , we may engage third parties to assist with : website hosting , data analysis , marketing efforts , payment processing , order fulfillment , information technology and related infrastructure provision , customer service , e-mail delivery , credit card processing , auditing , and other similar services .
These entities are generally prohibited from using such information for purposes unrelated to providing MyLife with the requested services ( e.g. , using your Personal Information for their own direct marketing purposes ) .
Change of Control Transactions .
In the event that we file for bankruptcy , or MyLife is ( or substantially all of its assets are ) acquired by a third party pursuant to an acquisition , merger , sale , reorganization , liquidation , or similar business transfer , the Personal Information stored in our databases may be one of the transferred assets .
Messaging & Social Sharing .
We may disclose your Personal Information to identify you to anyone to whom you choose to send messages through the Services ( e.g. , contacts that you invite to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature ) .
In addition , if you choose to engage in social sharing activity ( e.g. , linking your social media account to your account on the Services ) , we may disclose your Personal Information to friends and contacts associated with your social media account , other website users , and your social media account provider .
By linking your MyLife account and your social media account , you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider and acknowledge and agree that the shared information will be governed by the applicable third party 's privacy policy .
Please do not connect your social media account with your MyLife account or otherwise engage in social sharing on the Services if you would prefer that your Personal Information not be disclosed in this manner .
Information and materials you submit to public areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , profile pages , blogs , forums , etc . ) will become public information that may be available to users of the Services and to the general public .
For example , if you create , claim , or register a Public Profile through the Services , the information associated with your Public Profile ( including Personal Information ) may be disclosed to Members and non-Members through the Services , as well as through third-party search engines and similar online services .
We urge you to be careful when deciding to make Personal Information publicly accessible on the Internet , including through the public portions of the Services .
Who 's Searching for You .
If you search for another person while logged into the Services , we may share your search with third parties via our Who 's Searching for You feature .
This functionality allows MyLife to notify Members whenever a people search is submitted through the Services for somebody with a matching name , as well as who was responsible for initiating the search in question .
MyLife may also notify Members in a similar manner if their profiles have been viewed by somebody while logged into the Services .
If you do not want your search ( es ) to be made public , you can delete it anytime from the saved searches page .
Once the search is deleted , Members will not be notified or see your search ( es ) .
MyLife may collect , use , and share Other Information in any manner not otherwise prohibited by this Policy , without additional notice or compensation to you .
You may be presented with additional opportunities to receive information and/or marketing materials from third parties when you interact with the Services .
Please note that any information you elect to disclose to such entities will be subject to their established privacy practices , as MyLife is unable to control the privacy practices of third parties .
We encourage you to always review the applicable privacy policies and terms of use maintained by third parties prior to disclosing information to them .
In the event you do elect to receive promotional materials from third parties and later decide that you no longer wish to receive communications from that entity , you will need to contact the relevant third party directly to change your preferences .
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS
MyLife strives to provide you with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of your information .
The particular choices and controls that may be available to you typically depend on the nature of your relationship with MyLife .
Members who are interested in accessing , correcting , or updating the Personal Information in their Member Profiles ( including any information populated via social sharing functionality ) can generally do so at any time through the Services .
MyLife also offers non-Members the ability to access , correct , or update the Personal Information in their Public Profiles by first claiming or registering the Public Profile in question through the Services ' Public Profile claiming feature .
This feature enables individuals to take control of their Public Profiles by reasonably verifying their identity to MyLife .
For example , you can answer a few simple questions or provide us with a valid credit card to confirm your name and address ( note that your credit card will not be charged during this process ) .
Once it has been successfully claimed , a Public Profile can be edited or updated including the fields of data that are displayed .
Additional details regarding how to claim a Public Profile , as well as answers to commonly asked questions ( e.g. , what to do if information is inaccurate ) , can be found in the HELP section .
If you would like to request that we suppress or remove a Member Profile or a Public Profile from our active databases or claim ownership of a Member Profile , simply visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST .
Upon receipt of any such request , we will take reasonable steps to validate that you are the correct owner of the profile that is the subject of your request .
This precaution is designed to protect our users and their privacy , and may require us to contact you for confirmation purposes .
Following verification of profile ownership , we will try to comply with your suppression or removal request as soon as reasonably practicable ; however , please be aware that due to recordkeeping , legal , and other similar considerations we may be required to retain achieved records of changed or suppressed information .
As a result , we may be unable to remove certain information from our backup systems , or we may only be able to remove it after fulfilling applicable requirements .
If you elect to register for the Services and become a Member , we and our partners may contact you with promotional offers and other similar correspondences .
MyLife provides Members with the ability to change their communication preferences at any time .
Among other things , you may use this option to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails or postal mail from us and our partners .
In addition to such promotional e-mails , MyLife offers all Members access to e-mail newsletters and e-mail updates ( e.g. , announcing special offers , new features on the Services , account activity , etc . ) upon registration for the Services .
These communications may contain material is promotional in nature , including offers from our marketing partners .
Members can opt-out of receiving e-mail newsletters or updates that may contain promotional material by following the unsubscribe procedures at the bottom of the relevant communication .
Alternatively , you may change your notification settings by or visiting the Email Notification Settings page .
Please note that MyLife reserves the right to contact you with transactional e-mails containing important information relating to your MyLife account or the Services ( e.g. , renewal notifications , general system or administrative messages , address confirmations , payment receipts , etc . ) without offering you the opportunity to opt-out .
Thus , even if you elect to unsubscribe from any promotional e-mails and promotionally-oriented newsletters or e-mail updates , you may continue to receive customary business communications from MyLife .
If you are a non-Member and are receiving MyLife marketing e-mails from which you would like to opt-out , please simply follow the unsubscribe procedures at the bottom of the relevant communication .
Non-Members can also unsubscribe from all future MyLife e-mail communications by contacting Customer Care .
Please note that it may take us 7 10 days to process any such opt-out requests .
If you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about the Services , we will ask you for your friend 's name and e-mail address .
MyLife will automatically send your friend an e-mail inviting him or her to visit the Services , as well as two additional reminder e-mails if he or she does not respond to our initial e-mail .
MyLife stores this information on our systems and may use it for purposes such as : sending the referral e-mails you request , tracking the success of our referral program , and locating contacts across the Internet .
DATA SECURITY , INTEGRITY , AND RETENTION
Information collected through the Services is submitted to MyLife and/or our service providers , and is hosted and stored by us ( or by service providers on our behalf ) in databases on servers situated in the U.S. and/or internationally .
By providing us with information through the Services , you consent to the processing of such information in any and all such locations , including the U.S. , which may have different data protection laws than those of your country of residence .
Your privacy is very important to MyLife and we are committed to protecting your Personal Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
To this end , we have implemented reasonable physical , technical , and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable industry standards .
This includes our practice of encrypting sensitive information submitted through the Services ( e.g. , credit card information provided on our order forms ) with secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology .
It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password on the Services .
You are responsible for all uses of your password , whether or not such use has been authorized by you .
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your MyLife account , visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST immediately .
Despite our efforts to protect your Personal Information , the transmission of data over the Internet inherently requires the use of systems under the control of third parties .
As a result , no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , or you would simply like additional information regarding how we store and protect data , please visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST .
MyLife understands the importance of protecting children 's privacy in the interactive world .
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) without parental consent .
If you are a child under 13 years of age , please do not send any information about yourself to us through the Services .
The Services are not intended for use by children .
In the event that MyLife becomes aware that we have collected Personal Information from any child , we will dispose of that information in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) and other applicable laws and regulations .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent , he or she should promptly contact Customer Care toll-free at ( 888 ) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files .
We may , in our sole discretion , make changes to this Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements , or for other purposes .
The most recent version of the Policy will always be posted to the Services .
If we do make any changes , we will also update the Effective Date legend at the top of this Policy and we may provide you with other forms of notice as well .
We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect , use , and share information through the Services .
Any changes to this Policy will become effective thirty ( 30 ) days after the posted revision date of the Privacy Policy .
By continuing to use the Services following such changes , you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Policy
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or our privacy practices on the Services , please write to us at :
MyLife.com , Inc .
914 Westwood Blvd .
( # 517 )
Los Angeles , CA 90024-2905
Please note that e-mail communications are not always secure ; accordingly , we request that you do not include credit card details or other sensitive information in your e-mails to us .
Last updated : October 1 , 2013
Effective Date : October 31 , 2013

Scope of the Privacy Policy
The National Geographic Society and our subsidiary , NGHT , LLC , which also is known as nationalgeographic.com ( collectively , National Geographic , we or our ) understand the importance of our customers ' privacy .
This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect about you when you visit this website ( our Site ) or use an online application that contains a link to this Privacy Policy .
Our Privacy Policy also tells you how we use , share and protect this information ; what choices you have about how this information is used ; and how you can access and update this information .
Our Site offers certain content , activities , games and services , which are referred to as the Services .
In recognition of the need to provide additional privacy protections for children , we have a separate privacy policy that applies to those sections .
To read the Kids ' privacy policy , please click here .
Certain aspects of this Privacy Policy also apply to the personally identifiable information we collect offline .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , personally identifiable information means information that identifies and can be used to contact a particular individual , such as name , postal address , email address , and phone number .
When other information , such as email newsletter choices , magazine or product purchases , or consumer product preferences , is associated with personally identifiable information , this other information also becomes personally identifiable information .
Information You Provide Directly to National Geographic
If you are interested in obtaining information , products or services from National Geographic , or in participating in certain activities on this Site , you may need to provide us with information about yourself .
If you order a product from us , we ask for your name , postal address , email address , telephone number and your credit card number .
If you are ordering a product as a gift for another person , we will ask you for that person 's name , postal address and phone number in order to enable us to deliver the gift to the recipient .
If you participate in an activity such as a survey or sweepstakes , we may also ask you to provide other types of information such as gender and personal interests , which we may associate with personally identifiable information that we have obtained about you .
In addition , we may combine personally identifiable information that you have provided to us with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other sources .
Information We Collect Automatically
In addition to information you choose to provide to us , we also use standard Internet technologies to collect automatically certain additional information .
When you come to our Site , we collect your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which identifies the computer or service provider that you use to access the Site .
We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which specific visitors visit various parts of our Site .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that we have collected to make our Site and our communications to you more targeted to your interests .
Our Site also uses cookies .
Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user 's computer and allow websites to remember information about users .
We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Site .
We use transient ( also called session ID ) cookies to provide continuity from page to page .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
We also use persistent cookies .
Persistent cookies allow our online store and certain other parts of our Site to recognize your browser when you return after your first visit to that part of our Site .
Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our Site and to save you time during certain activities , such as checking out from our online store .
You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set .
( Each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences . )
It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies .
However , if you do not accept cookies from us , your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited , such as our shopping cart feature or online games .
Web beacons and other technologies .
The Site uses other tracking tools , including web beacons .
Web beacons are images on the Site ( or in emails that the Site sends to you ) that help us determine what parts of the Site you have visited , whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you , or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the Site .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
Click here for more information about how we use a third party service to collect and use information on this Site .
The information we collect automatically may be combined with information that is personally identifiable so that we can make our Site and communications more interesting to you .
Some of the advertisements you see on this Site and other websites are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies about your online activities on this and other websites , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
These third parties also may use information about you that we provide , such as your age , gender , or interests , or the features within the Site that you use , to target and serve advertisements to you and to analyze the delivery of advertisements on the Site .
However , we will not provide personally identifiable information about you to these companies , except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy .
Third parties that currently serve ads on our Site , and thereby may collect information about your online activities to deliver tailored ads , include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick .
These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes .
These and other third-party companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies .
To opt out or to obtain information about the technologies member companies use or their own privacy policies , please visit the NAI consumer opt out page .
Also , through the Digital Advertising Alliance ( `` DAA '' ) , several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites .
To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties , please visit the DAA consumer opt out page .
National Geographic may use information that we collect about you for a variety of business purposes , including :
to maintain and manage your account , deliver Services that you have requested , and enhance your experience on our Site ;
to process and track your product or service orders and provide the services you request ;
to communicate with you about the Site or other products or services in which you may be interested , or to respond to your inquiries or comments ;
to perform business analyses or for other purposes to improve the quality of our business , the Site , and the products and services we offer ; or
in accordance with your consent .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information .
We will therefore share that information only with the following entities , and only under these circumstances :
with entities that provide services on our behalf , including Site development , maintenance and support , payment processing , email distribution , and promotions management , only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law , unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy ;
within the National Geographic family , which is defined for this purpose as corporate affiliates of National Geographic ( Affiliates ) and entities that are authorized to use the National Geographic name to brand their products or services ( such as National Geographic tour expeditions , the National Geographic MasterCard , and the National Geographic holiday greeting card program ) ;
with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Site ;
with other selected third parties so that they may send you promotional materials about goods and services that they offer , but you have the opportunity to opt out of our sharing personally identifiable information about you as described below in the section entitled Your Choices , and we will not share your email address with third parties for promotional purposes unless you specifically agree to such sharing ;
when we believe that doing so is required by law , may be necessary to protect any person 's property , rights , or safety , or to investigate a potential violation of law , will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement , or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business , or in the event of a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale ;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form ; or
in accordance with your consent .
We understand the importance of protecting our customers ' privacy , and we therefore provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used or disclosed for certain purposes .
You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from National Geographic and our Affiliates and our licensees , or request that we not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties for the third parties ' marketing purposes , by contacting us at :
Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy
1145 17th Street NW
Washington , DC 20036-4688
Telephone : 800-NGS-LINE ( 800-647-5463 )
Outside the United States and Canada : 813-979-6845
Because we plan our communications in advance , it may take several weeks for your request to become effective .
If you continue to receive our communications in error after expressing an opt-out preference , please let us know so that we can investigate the situation .
If you click on or interact with a hyperlink or advertisement that you find on the Site , you may leave our Site or send information to a different website .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites , even if you find a link to them on our Site , and so you should read the privacy policy of the third-party website provider to see how your personally identifiable information will be treated on its site .
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us , and we take a number of steps to safeguard any personally identifiable information or credit card information that you provide to us .
We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss , misuse or alteration of your credit card information .
Secure Socket Layers ( SSLs ) encrypt the credit card information sent between your computer and our database .
However , no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure , and therefore we can not warrant or guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy .
Personally Identifiable Information Contained in User Content
Some sections of our Site may allow users to post or transmit messages , comments , screen names , computer files and other materials .
If you choose to make personally identifiable information public through these Services , National Geographic will consider that information public and will not limit its disclosure in the manner described here .
Should a child whom we know to be under 13 make known to us his or her personally identifiable information , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personally identifiable information .
If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under 13 other than in a manner authorized by law , we will delete that information from our database .
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the most recent version of the Policy on the Site , along with an indication of the date on which the Policy was amended most recently .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share personally identifiable information that we collect about you through the Site , we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please write us at : National Geographic Society
Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy
1145 17th Street NW
Washington , DC 20036-4688
This policy was last updated August 1 , 2011

Use of the nationalreview.com web site , and disclosure to us of your personal information , is optional and voluntary .
By visiting nationalreview.com , you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Policy .
The following paragraphs describe the type of information nationalreview.com collects , the reasons why such information is collected , how such information is used and who has access to it .
Nationalreview.com 's Privacy Policy may change from time to time without notice to you .
You should read this Privacy Policy each time you plan to submit personally identifiable information so that you understand how the information you are submitting will be used .
Any changes made to the Privacy Policy will be prospective , not retroactive .
Nationalreview.com is not responsible for the information practices of third parties , although we take care to engage third party fulfillment processors , ad servers , survey companies and other support services that respect your privacy , preferences and data security needs .
Nationalreview.com collects information that is provided voluntarily by visitors to our site .
Certain identifying information , such as name , street address , city , state , zip code and email address , is gathered at certain interactive areas on the site , such as when you subscribe to our print or digital publication while online .
You may use the web site to subscribe to the print or digital version of National Review by following the instructions for subscribing .
All subscription-related information is collected from users on this site and stored by the magazine 's fulfillment house , Palm Coast Data .
From time to time nationalreview.com conducts voluntary user surveys to better target our content to our audience .
We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our advertisers for various purposes including promotions , contests and offers .
We never share any of this survey information about specific individuals with any third party .
COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES
As with most other websites , we collect and use the data contained in log files .
The information in the log files include your IP ( internet protocol ) address , your ISP ( internet service provider , such as AOL ) , the browser you used to visit our site ( such as Internet Explorer or Firefox ) , the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site .
Nationalreview.com may use data contained in log files to analyze trends , administer the site , track users ' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We use advertising to help support our site .
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit networkadvertising.org .
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and in some cases , whether you have Flash installed .
This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited .
USE OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Nationalreview.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests .
Because nationalreview.com does not track the usage patterns of individual users , an advertiser will never know that a specific user clicked on a particular ad .
We also use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and do not like based on traffic to those areas .
We comply with generally accepted industry standards in collecting and processing credit card information .
However , nationalreview.com does not guarantee the safety of credit card information over the Internet .
When you visit nationalreview.com and are asked to provide information about yourself , unless specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy , you are sharing that information only with nationalreview.com .
Nationalreview.com will not disclose the information you submit , except with our third party fulfillment vendors and except as otherwise described here , or when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure to protect the rights or property of nationalreview.com , or for administrative or other purposes we deem necessary to maintain or service our products and services .
For example , we may allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide you with our services .
If you do not want your data to be shared , you may choose not to permit the data to be collected or transferred by not submitting personally identifiable information on our site , or by not using a particular service .
Nationalreview.com web site has technical and organizational security measures in place , including firewalls , to protect the information under our control from accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , unauthorized disclosure , or access .
Such measures do not guarantee prevention of loss , misuse , or alteration of information , however , so while we strive to protect your information , nationalreview.com can not warrant the security of information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
Nationalreview.com is intended for use by individuals over the age of 18 .
If you are under 18 , please do not submit any personally identifiable information on our site .
Children should always ask a parent or guardian for permission to send any personal information online to anyone .
OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY
Whenever you voluntarily disclose any information online in any forum , that information can be collected and used by others .
In other words , if you post personal information online that may be accessed by the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
It is important to be responsible and careful whenever you are online .
UPDATING , CORRECTING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Users who subscribe to our print or digital publication , National Review , may correct or change online their subscription information .
Users may change this information at any time and as often as necessary .
If you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing , calling , or writing us ( see addresses below ) .
Similarly , please contact us at the same addresses if at any time you wish to review your personally identifiable information .
Currently , nationalreview.com does not offer users a means by which to completely delete personal information submitted while on this site .
By using this web site , you signify your assent to this policy statement regarding online privacy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use our web site .
Moreover , your continued use of this web site after we post changes to the Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this web site , or your interaction with Nationalreview.com , you may contact us via mail , email , or the telephone number listed below .
National Review , Inc .
215 Lexington Avenue , 11th Floor
New York , NY 10016

Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information .
We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy .
We do not sell or rent or share personally identifying information collected during your use of our Website without your permission .
The Information We Collect
At the time you register on our site or you make a purchase request or agree to participate in a promotion , we collect and store your name , address , credit card numbers and other personally identifying information .
We need this information to provide goods and services that you request and , assuming you indicate your desire to receive our newsletter , to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested .
We also use this information to customize your experience using our Website .
We may also ask you for personally identifying information at other times , such as if you enter into a promotion , post a classified ad , communicate with us , or complete a survey .
If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion , you give us your permission to share your name and e-mail address with the third party offering the promotion .
In addition , we automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors , such as IP addresses , browsers , pages viewed , number of visitors , goods and services purchased , etc. , but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name , e-mail address , home address , or telephone number .
We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of our site so we can improve our site .
We may provide this statistical information to third parties , but when we do so we do not provide personally identifying information without your permission .
As part of our service , we use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Generally , we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it ; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users , research visiting patterns , and help target advertisements based on user interests ; assist our retail partners track visits and process orders ; and track progress and participation in promotions .
In some instances , our retail partners and advertisers appearing at our site may use their own cookies .
Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted .
You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire .
By changing your preferences , you can accept all cookies , you can be notified when a cookie is set , or you can reject all cookies .
If you do so and cookies are disabled , you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable .
The Way We Use Information
We use your personally identifying information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyze site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site 's content , layout , and services .
We may use your information to deliver information to you that , in some cases , is targeted to your interests , such as targeted banners , new services and promotions .
You can opt out of receiving this information by clicking on the link you received in your confirmation email .
We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests , experience or requests which may use to customize our service for you .
If you sign up for our e-mail newsletter , we use your e-mail address to contact you regarding administrative notices , new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site .
We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so .
If you place a request for products or services , we use information to ship your order .
We may also use information to resolve disputes , investigate problems , or enforce our User Agreement .
At times , we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so .
We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services .
If you upload content to our site , we reserve the right to reuse that content as we deem appropriate .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , to manage our Website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive .
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure correct use of information .
Your account information and profile are password-protected .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail .
Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session .
This is to help ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others may have access to it .
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through e-mail or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others .
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure .
As a result , while we try to protect your personal information , we can not ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
How You Can Update , Correct or Delete Your Information
You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods .
Your account can be deleted or deactivated , but doing so will result in your not being able to access member services .
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website , and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages .
If a child has provided us with personally identifying information without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities .
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours .
We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer .
Changes to Our Policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy may occur without further notice to you .
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Website as soon as reasonably possible .
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy .
By using our Website , you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe .
NaturallyCurly.com , Inc. occasionally receives free material from various manufacturers in connection with the manufacturer 's desire to have its products reviewed by NaturallyCurly.com and its members .
Furthermore , some of these manufacturers are NaturallyCurly.com advertisers .

Nature Publishing Group Privacy Notice : November 2009
Macmillan Publishing Limited , trading as `` Nature Publishing Group '' ( `` Nature '' ) respects your concerns about privacy and values its relationship with you .
This Privacy Notice ( the `` Notice '' ) describes :
how we may use that information ;
with whom we may share that information ; and
the measures we take to protect the security of that information .
Our Notice also tells you how you may contact us to update your information , remove your name from our mailing lists or get answer to questions you may have about our privacy practices .
Our website is hosted in the US .
We comply with applicable laws to safeguard your information .
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section :
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Information We Collect About You
Sign Up for E-Alerts
Nature Updates , Table of Contents Alerts , Publications by Subject and Publications by Title
Other Uses of Information
Message boards , blogs and other public forums
Send to a friend facility
Non-Personal Information We Collect
How We Protect Personal Information
Updates to Our Notice
How to Contact Us
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Information We Collect About You
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number and email address ) to us .
We list below the methods by which you may provide the information and the types of information you may submit .
We also tell you how we may use the information .
If you communicate with our Customer Services department through the 'Contact Us ' link on our website or by post or telephone , we may ask you for information such as your email address , your location , your subscription number , the type of product you subscribe to and/or purchase from us and the type of customer you are ( e.g . personal subscriber , registrant , website visitor etc . ) .
You may also choose to provide additional personal information , for example , in the form of an attachment or by post .
We will hold these details in our customer services query database and use such personal information to respond to your questions and comments .
We may also use such personal information to evaluate the quality of our products and services .
Website visitors may choose to register with our website in order to gain access to free searchable abstracts and other content of our publications , customised email alerting services and web-only content provided by Nature .
Also you may choose to use interactive functionality such as leaving comments .
If you choose to register with our website , we may ask you to provide information such as your full name , email address , general field ( s ) of interest and employment details .
We will use such personal information to provide you with the services and/or products you select during the registration process .
Provided you have consented , we may also use such personal information to contact you about other services and/or products of a similar nature , that we think may be of interest to you .
Sign up for E-alerts
On our website , you may sign up to receive e-mails ( 'e-alerts ' ) about products and services offered by Nature .
You may also choose to receive information from carefully selected third parties .
To sign up to receive these e-alerts , you must register with our website , and to do so , you must provide us with your personal information .
Nature Updates , Table of Contents Alerts , Publications by Subject and Publications by Title
On our website , you may sign up to receive a variety of Nature Updates , Table of Contents Alerts , Publications by Subject and Publications by Title .
To sign up to receive these publications , you must register with our website , and to do so , you must provide us with your personal information .
We use the information you submit to evaluate your suitability for the position and to contact you regarding your application .
In addition , through `` naturejobs '' you may apply for jobs with other organisations which are advertised on our site .
When you apply through `` naturejobs '' , your CV is sent directly to a prospective employer or a recruitment agent .
Nature does not receive or store a copy of your application .
The relevant third party is responsible for your personal data and Nature shall have no liability to you arising out of or in connection with the submission of your CV to a third party through our website .
On our website , you may choose to purchase a subscription to any one or more journals published by Nature Publishing Group , for which a fee is payable .
When you choose to subscribe to such journals , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , billing address and debit or credit card information ( including card type , cardholder name , card number , expiry date and security code ) .
Such personal information is collected for the purpose of providing you with your chosen products and/or services .
We use industry-standard encryption technologies and a secure server for transferring and receiving credit card information exchanged with our website .
We offer website visitors various features for their information and enjoyment , which we may change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features .
Other Uses of Information
We may use the personal information you provide on our website for internal purposes , such as for website administration , data analytics and compliance purposes .
Message boards , blogs and other public forums
The Site makes message boards , blogs and other such user generated content facilities available to users of the Site and registered users can provide content for and participate in these facilities .
Any information that is disclosed in these areas of our Site becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information .
For more information , please click on the Site 's Terms and Community Guidelines .
Send to a friend facility
When you use this facility and provide us with personal data ( e.g . the name and email address ) of a third party , please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details .
Non-Personal Information We Collect
We collect certain aggregated and non-personal information when you visit our website .
Aggregated and non-personal information does not relate to a single , identifiable visitor .
It tells us information such as how many users visited our website and which pages were accessed .
By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors .
We collect this information either through `` cookie '' technology or with `` web beacons '' , as explained below .
Like many companies , we use `` cookies '' on our website ( s ) .
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites .
We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest .
Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site .
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies , how to be notified when you receive a new cookie , and how to disable existing cookies .
Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features .
Certain pages on our websites contain `` web beacons '' ( also know as Internet tags , pixel tags and clear GIFs or java script equivalents ) .
These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears , the URL of the page on which the beacon appears , the time the page containing the beacon was viewed , the type of browser used to view the page , and the information in cookies set by the third party .
We do not sell or otherwise disclose information about our website visitors , except as described here .
We may share the information you provide with affiliates of Nature ( i.e . companies in our group ) and our joint marketing partners .
We may also share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf .
These service providers are not authorised by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
In addition , we may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law or legal process , ( ii ) to law enforcement agencies following an appropriate request or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets .
Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided through our website ( s ) in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the information you provide on our websites .
Nature will provide website users with access to a copy of their personal information which they have provided through our site ( s ) , where such users are reasonably entitled to ask for this , ( for which we may charge a small fee not exceeeding the statutory maximum ) and they will have the ability to review and correct it , as applicable .
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your information .
If you would like to update your contact information and preferences , you can do so on the 'My Account ' page .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
This Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices .
We will post a prominent notice on this site to notify you of any significant changes to our Notice and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us by :
Calling : +44 207 843 4869 / +1 212 726 9200
Writing to : Customer Services Department
New York NY 10013

NBA.com Network Privacy Policy
Looking for the NBA.com Terms of Use ? Click here
The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com web sites are operated by Turner Digital Basketball Services , Inc. and its affiliates ( `` Turner '' ) pursuant to an agreement with NBA Media Ventures , LLC ( `` NBAMV '' ) , NBA TV , LLC ( `` NBATV '' ) and NBA Properties , Inc .
( `` NBAP '' ) ( NBAMV , NBATV and NBAP collectively referred to as the `` NBA Entities '' ) ( NBA Entities and Turner collectively referred to herein as `` we '' , `` our '' or `` us '' ) .
The official National Basketball Association ( `` NBA '' ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective NBA teams .
The official Women 's National Basketball Association ( `` WNBA '' ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective WNBA teams .
The official NBA Development League ( `` D-League '' ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective D-League teams .
The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com sites , in addition to the official team sites of the NBA , WNBA and D-League , are collectively referred to as the `` NBA.com Network . ''
Here at the NBA.com Network , we are committed to safeguarding your privacy .
This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) describes the information we gather through the NBA.com Network , what we do with it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it .
Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected through the NBA.com Network .
It does not apply to any other information collected or obtained by any member of the NBA Family ( as defined below ) through other means .
Before you submit any information to the NBA.com Network , please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personally identifiable information .
By using any part of the NBA.com Network , including without limitation any official site of an NBA , WNBA , or D-League team , you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as outlined in this Policy and to the collection , processing and maintenance of this information in the United States , and where applicable , other countries .
If you do not agree to this Policy , please do not use the NBA.com Network .
Your use of any part of the NBA.com Network indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Policy .
These Third Party Sections may be subject to the additional privacy policies of the companies that collect data through these Third Party Sections .
Please refer to the section entitled `` Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections '' below for more information .
You also should note that the NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites ( i.e. , sites that are not part of the NBA.com Network ) that advertise on and/or offer features and transactions described on the NBA.com Network ( e.g. , tickets , fantasy games , subscription services , chat rooms , message boards , registration for camps and clinics ) .
The organizations controlling those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that they comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules .
If you visit a site that is not part of the NBA.com Network , we encourage you to review that site 's privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information .
Please also note that the NBA.com China web site at NBA.com/china , the NBA.com Taiwan web site at NBA.com/taiwan , and the NBA.com Hong Kong web site at NBA.com/hongkong are operated in conjunction with TOM Group Limited .
Those in-language sites are subject to the in-language privacy policies that appear on those sites .
The NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
In addition , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly obtain , retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13 .
Accordingly , children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on the NBA.com Network ( including , without limitation , NBAStore.com and WNBAStore.com ( `` NBA/WNBA Store '' ) ) .
If you would like more information about the NBA.com Network 's policy with respect to children , please read our Note to Parents below .
If we make any material changes to this Policy , those changes will be posted here so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information is collected , how that information is used , and under what circumstances that information may be disclosed .
Since this Policy may change from time to time , you should review it periodically and specifically before you provide any additional personally identifiable information .
Your continued use of the NBA.com Network following the posting of changes to this Policy will signal your acceptance of such changes .
The organizations collecting the information
What personally identifiable and other information is collected
How personally identifiable and other information is used
With whom the information may be shared
Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; Opting-out
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Your California Privacy Rights
The organizations collecting the information
The information collected through the NBA.com Network is collected on behalf of , and may be shared with , all members of the `` NBA Family , '' including without limitation Turner , the NBA Entities , WNBA Enterprises , LLC ( `` WNBAE '' ) , NBA Development League , LLC , each NBA , WNBA , and D-League team , and each of their respective parents and affiliates .
What personally identifiable and other information is collected
As stated above , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
Please review our Note to Parents , if you have any questions regarding our Policy with respect to children .
With respect to persons age 13 or older , the NBA.com Network collects personally identifiable information required to participate in certain NBA.com Network features and transactions ( e.g. , in connection with membership enrollment , newsletters , games , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , purchases on the NBA/WNBA Store , etc . ) .
This information may vary but will typically include your first and last name ; mailing address ( including city , state , zip code and country ) ; complete date of birth ; and e-mail address .
In case you are making purchases online , a credit card number ( including CID number ) and expiration date may be required as well as shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item and other transactional information based on your purchase activities through the NBA.com Network .
You may also be requested to provide a unique member name and password to access and use certain features of the site .
You may elect to provide us with other personally identifiable information , such as in your profile , or when you post comments or content to our public forums .
If you provide personally identifiable information in these ways , please note that such information may be available to the general public .
In order to better customize and enhance your membership experience , we may combine the information that you provide with supplemental information ( including mailing address updates and demographic data ) that we obtain from public sources or reputable third parties .
Information combined with personally identifiable information becomes , and is treated as , personally identifiable information under this Policy .
The NBA.com Network also may collect non-personally identifiable information , including without limitation , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows , MacOS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon , AT & T ) , the type and/or `` device ID '' of handheld or mobile devices you are using ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , the web pages you have visited within the Turner Network , sites visited before and after you visit a page on the NBA.com Network , your location information , the content you have accessed and the advertisements you have been shown and/or clicked on .
We may combine this and other non-personally identifiable information with the personally identifiable information that we have collected , including to customize a user 's membership experience .
In addition , the NBA.com Network may solicit from time to time your opinion ( e.g. , to determine your preferences and dislikes in order to provide you with a better product or offering ) .
These surveys are always optional , and your decision not to participate in a survey will not affect your status as an NBA.com Network user .
You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and NBA Family or third-party social media plug-ins and applications .
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , your posts or 'likes ' ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application .
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content .
We may combine information which we obtain through social networking sites or applications with information we obtain directly through the NBA.com Network or from other sources .
When you allow us to access information from your social media account , it can enable us to do things like ( 1 ) deliver exclusive content to you , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly using your contact information .
By engaging with our content through social networking sites or applications , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Please note that when you provide personal information in publicly visible areas of social networking sites or applications , it may be viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties .
Use of Cookies .
The NBA.com Network uses browser-based `` cookie '' technology , users ' IP addresses and similar technologies to customize and enhance your online experience on the site .
Browser cookies are pieces of information stored within your computer 's Internet browser that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with our site .
Such technology is a common feature of many web sites and is necessary in order for certain features of our site to function properly or in order to provide an online service to you ( e.g. , membership enrollment , NBA/WNBA Store ) .
We also use cookies to help us understand the content and advertisements that you are shown while visiting our sites .
Please read about our online advertising activities to understand the use of cookies on the NBA.com Network to show you targeted advertising on our sites and across the Internet .
We may combine information which we obtain through the use of cookies with other information , including a unique identifier we have assigned to you , or with information we obtain from third party sources .
You may customize the browser settings of your computer to notify you when a browser cookie is sent or to refuse browser cookies altogether .
Please check your browser for instructions on how to make these adjustments .
We may also use flash cookies ( also known as `` locally stored objects '' ) to store information relevant to a particular application ( e.g. , in connection with an online game or to track participation in a poll ) .
We do not , however , use flash cookies to alter your browser settings regarding your preferences for the operation of browser cookies ( e.g. , we do not use flash cookies to recreate a browser cookie deleted by a user ) or as part of any targeted advertising activity .
You may also manage all uses of flash cookies on your computer through the Global Storage Settings Panel on Adobe 's settings management tool .
Third Party Cookies .
Third parties also may place their own cookies within your browser when you visit the NBA.com Network .
You should be aware that the NBA.com Network can not generally control the use of cookies ( or the resulting use of information obtained from cookies ) by third parties that host or provide data , content and services for , or advertise on , the NBA.com Network .
Please read about our online advertising activities to learn more about the use of third-party cookies for online advertising purposes and your ability to opt out of this use of your information by third-parties .
Please review the privacy policies of other websites of which you are a user or member to learn more about those sites ' practices .
As noted above , you may customize your browser settings to match your comfort level with regard to the use of cookies .
If you reject `` third party '' cookies , you may limit the ability of third parties to collect information about your activities on the NBA.com Network .
You may also choose to reject all cookies , although this may limit your access to certain features on the NBA.com Network , including certain personalized content .
How personally identifiable and other information is used
The NBA Family may use your information to provide you with services and information you have requested or products you have purchased ( e.g. , membership updates , e-mail newsletters , NBA/WNBA Store orders ) and to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems .
The NBA Family also may use your information to respond to specific inquiries made by you ( e.g. , in response to job applications , e-mailed questions ) ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our Terms of Use ; and to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content and layout .
In addition , the NBA Family may use your information and/or supplement your information with information we obtain from other sources ( e.g. , partners , third party providers , public sources ) to customize and enhance your online experience , including for online advertising purposes as described below , and to notify you about special offers , products , services , and information that we think may be of interest to you .
You can opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us at any time by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
You may also change or update your personally identifiable information by visiting the membership area at NBA.com/allaccess , or ( if applicable ) the `` My Account '' area at the NBA/WNBA Store .
With whom the information may be shared
As indicated above , the NBA.com Network may disclose personally identifiable information to those within the NBA Family .
From time to time , the NBA.com Network may also share personally identifiable information with third parties we have engaged to perform certain services in connection with the operation of certain aspects of the NBA.com Network , including to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content , and layout .
These third party service providers are authorized to use this information only in a manner consistent with this Policy .
The NBA Family has several sponsors and other business partners that can offer valuable products and services to our users .
Except as indicated otherwise on the NBA.com Network , the NBA.com Network will not disclose your e-mail address to these partners if you have indicated that you do not wish to receive information , special offers or promotions from third parties via e-mail .
From time to time , the NBA.com Network may share or provide non-identifiable information to these partners , and , in addition , the NBA.com Network may provide them with mailing address and other information so that they may extend offers to you .
Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of the NBA.com Network 's assets or in a merger or acquisition , in which case , you will be notified of such transaction and advised of any change in the applicable privacy policy .
Further , we may disclose information in our discretion to cooperate with law enforcement or other government officials , or if asked to disclose information by subpoena , court order or other legal process .
While the NBA Family is careful in choosing its partners and advertisers , we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us .
All third parties associated with the NBA.com Network and/or to which the NBA.com Network may link ( including , but not limited to , advertisers , sponsors and other Internet sites ) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site that you visit .
The NBA.com Network does not control this collection of information and can not be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties .
The NBA.com Network engages Turner and third parties to deliver advertisements on our sites and on our behalf across the Internet .
Often the ads presented to you are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your online experience .
As part of this process Turner and/or these third parties may collect information about your online activities across the NBA.com Network , the Turner Network and other sites in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements targeted to those interests .
The parties that may deliver such `` interest-based ads '' on our behalf include , but are not limited to :
Turner : Turner serves advertisements on our behalf across the network of sites operated by Turner - which currently includes , but is not limited to , NBA.com , CNN.com , TBS.com , TNT.tv , TCM.com , AdultSwim.com , Golf.com , Fannation.com , TruTV.com , PGA.com , PGATour.com , thesmokinggun.com , si.com , ncaa.com , mmod.ncaa.com , teamcoco.com and NASCAR.com ( collectively , the `` Turner Network '' ) .
The sites included within the Turner Network may change from time to time .
Turner collects non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on NBA.com and the other sites within the Turner Network through the use of cookies and web beacons .
Turner then uses the information collected via these technologies to make inferences about your interests ( for example , whether you are following the NBA Playoffs ) for the purpose of delivering interest-based ads to you ( such as an advertisement relating to the NBA Playoffs ) while you are visiting other sites within the Turner Network .
Yahoo ! : Turner authorizes Yahoo ! on our behalf to use web beacons along with cookies to collect these same types of data about your activities on NBA.com in order to determine your interests and to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting certain Yahoo ! network sites .
In addition , TeamStore , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also participates in a search `` retargeting '' program through Yahoo ! to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site based on your keyword searches on Yahoo ! 's web search engine when you are visiting other sites across Yahoo ! Network Plus - including Yahoo ! Mail , Yahoo ! Finance and Yahoo ! Sports .
As part of this process , Yahoo ! places a cookie on your browser so that Yahoo ! can be notified when your browser is visiting a site on Yahoo ! Network Plus on which Yahoo ! can deliver targeted advertisements .
Fetchback : GSI , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also conducts a `` retargeting '' program through its affiliate , Fetchback Inc .
( `` Fetchback '' ) , to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site when you are visiting other sites on the Internet .
To do this , Fetchback uses JavaScript tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store site .
Fetchback uses this information to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting third-party sites across the Internet .
Fetchback also contacts one or more third-party advertising companies when you visit certain pages within the NBA/WNBA Store site .
As part of this process , Fetchback enables these third-party advertising companies to place a cookie on your browser so that Fetchback can be notified when your browser is visiting third-party sites on which Fetchback has the ability to deliver online advertisements .
Please note that these third-party advertising companies are not authorized to use the cookies placed on your browser for any other purpose .
You can view and delete these third-party cookies that have been placed on your browser through your browser 's specific cookie management tools , as described above ( for example , Internet Explorer users can view and delete cookies through the Internet Options tab within the Tools menu ) .
Some of these third parties may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , and you can opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from NAI members , as described below .
Google AdWords : In conjunction with our media partners and agencies , the NBA Entities also conduct `` remarketing '' campaigns using Google AdWords .
To do this , we authorize Google to use tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the NBA.com Network , which Google then uses to deliver targeted advertisements to you for NBA products and services ( e.g. , NBA League Pass ) based on your keyword searches on Google 's search engine .
To learn more about how Google uses cookies in advertising , click here .
For information about how you can limit , or opt out of , Google 's use of cookies for advertising , visit Google 's Ad Settings page .
Adobe : We may also utilize Adobe technology , including placing pixels and/or cookies on your browser , to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on the NBA.com Network .
We use that information to perform site analytics , to tailor our website and other content to your likely interests , or to deliver interest-based ads to you across the Internet on behalf of the NBA Family or our partners ( for example , an NBA-themed ad on a sponsor 's website ) .
Other Ad Networks : Although the majority of the online advertisements on the NBA.com Network are served through Turner , we also allow third-party ad serving companies , including other ad networks , to deliver advertisements on behalf of advertisers on the NBA.com Network .
These companies currently include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick DART for Advertisers , Google , Atlas DMT , and Unicast and ValueClick Media .
These third parties may also utilize web beacons , cookies , or similar technologies as part of their ad serving activities .
To learn more about the use of these technologies by DoubleClick and Google for the purposes of serving advertisements , please visit the Google advertising privacy page .
Opting Out : If you do not want your information to be collected on the NBA.com Network for purposes of delivering interest-based ads while you visit sites within the Turner Network or third-party sites across the Internet , you have multiple options for exercising your preferences .
As described above , if you configure your browser settings to reject all `` third-party '' cookies , you will not receive interest-based ads delivered on our behalf .
If you prefer a more limited form of opting out without rejecting third-party cookies altogether , you may opt out of receiving interest-based ads from some of the individual entities that deliver such advertisements on our behalf .
Opting out of receiving interest-based ads will not reduce the number of advertisements you receive or otherwise affect your use of the NBA.com Network .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered to you by Turner on the Turner Network , please click here .
The Turner Network is also a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the `` DAA '' ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads .
Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Yahoo ! on certain Yahoo ! network sites based on your activities on NBA.com or your Yahoo ! keyword searches , please click here .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Fetchback on third-party sites across the Internet , please click here .
To opt out of the receipt of targeted advertising and other tailored content that utilizes Adobe technology , please click here and scroll down to the section titled , `` Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you . ''
Other ad networks that may be involved in the delivery of advertising on the NBA.com Network may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative of online advertisers that offers a centralized tool for opting out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered by each of its member companies .
To learn more about the NAI and its opt-out tool , please click here .
To opt out of interest-based advertising by DoubleClick and/or Google , please click here .
Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections
The practices described in this section apply only to information gathered through the Third Party Sections ( such as those indicated below ) and do not reflect practices with respect to information gathered elsewhere on the NBA.com Network .
At the NBA/WNBA Store , if you register or order products , you may provide personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) such as : name , birth date , mailing address , e-mail address , telephone number , and credit card information .
The NBA.com Network has engaged GSI to perform services in connection with the management and operation of the NBA/WNBA Store .
As such , in connection with the NBA/WNBA Store , GSI and its service providers will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store , subject to the terms of this Policy .
Examples of how GSI and its service providers may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis .
You may update your NBA/WNBA Store account information or e-mail preferences by visiting the `` My Account '' area at NBAStore.com or WNBAStore.com .
NBA Photo Store .
At the NBA Photo Store , if you register or order products , you may provide the following types of personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) : name , address , e-mail address , date of birth , telephone number , and credit card information .
The NBA.com Network has engaged Getty Images or its designee to perform services in connection with the management and operation of NBA Photo Store .
As such , in connection with the NBA Photo Store , Getty Images or its designee will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your purchases or registration on the NBA Photo Store , subject to the terms of this Policy .
Examples of how Getty Images or its designee may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis .
NBA Fantasy Games .
The NBA.com Network may conduct one or more fantasy games in conjunction with third parties .
In connection with such fantasy games , the third party partner will have access to and may use the personally identifiable information you provide , subject to the terms of that third party 's privacy policy , which will be posted on the registration page .
Please review the posted privacy policies of such third parties for more information .
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information , Opting-Out
Subject to the limitations described below , if you elect to be an NBA All-Access member , you will periodically receive emails regarding your membership ( e.g. , emails containing or describing membership benefits , informing you of changes to your membership benefits , or providing other information about your membership ) .
In addition , as an NBA All-Access member or as a customer at the NBA/WNBA Store , you will have the opportunity to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , and other promotions by e-mail .
You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the enrollment process or subsequent changes made to your preferences .
If you wish to change your email preferences , you may do so by visiting the membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , the `` My Account '' area at the NBA/WNBA Store ( if applicable ) , or by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your preferences .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the sign in area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you .
For existing members who have not signed up for an NBA All-Access membership , and for all members located in Germany : During the registration process , you may have been asked to indicate whether you wish to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , discounts and other promotions by e-mail .
You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the registration process or subsequent changes made to your preferences .
If you wish to change your preferences , you may do so by following the instructions provided within the e-mails received .
You may also visit the NBA All-Access membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , where you may enroll in , make changes to , or cancel your membership .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your registration preferences .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the registration area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you .
In either case , you also may request to be removed from our catalog and mailing list by writing to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 .
Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
Please be sure to include your full name and mailing address so that we can properly process your request .
To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered on behalf of the NBA.com Network , please visit the online advertising section of this Policy .
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control
The NBA.com Network has generally accepted security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under its control .
The servers for the NBA.com Network that contain personally identifiable information are stored in a physically secure and climate controlled off-site facility .
Beyond the physical protection of the servers , we protect against data loss by backing up data , performing consistency checks , and restricting access to information on our servers .
When receiving financial information ( e.g. , credit card number , credit card expiration date ) for completing certain online transactions , including those in connection with the NBA.com/WNBA Store , the NBA Photo Store , and NBA League Pass , our site uses SSL or `` Secure Sockets Layer , '' an industry standard security protocol .
Other features , like email and contact us , are not encrypted .
When providing sensitive information on the Internet , you should also look at your browser to determine whether SSL technology is being employed ( usually indicated by an image of a lock in the browser frame ) .
In addition , only those trained employees needed to carry out our business functions will be authorized to have access to information on individual NBA.com Network customers .
It is important to remember that whatever you transmit or disclose online can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties .
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your information , we can not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Your site membership account is password protected .
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone .
At no time will any NBA.com Network employee ask for your password via e-mail .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your member names , passwords and/or other account information .
Any information voluntarily disclosed by users and posted on our site ( on message boards , web logs , and/or in chat areas ) may be viewed and used by others .
If users post personally identifiable information that is accessible to the public online , the user does so at his or her own risk .
Users accept that they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Upon receiving your communication , we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession , or to remove you from our catalog and mailing list .
You also will have the option to correct any inaccuracies in your site membership account or other registration by returning to the membership area and updating your profile and preferences or re-registering .
If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your membership information .
If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the membership area and requesting that a hint be sent to you at the e-mail address you originally provided during enrollment .
If any disputes arise between us regarding your use of the NBA.com Network , such disputes shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of New York , without regard to its choice-of-law provisions and the federal and state courts of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations .
NBA.COM NETWORK NOTE TO PARENTS
It is the NBA.com Network 's policy not to knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A number of interactive features on the NBA.com Network require registration to participate ( e.g. , e-mail newsletters , membership ) .
All registrants will be required to enter their full name , date of birth , e-mail address and , in some instances , zip code .
If the NBA.com Network determines that a person is under the age of 13 , based on the information provided during the enrollment process , that person will not be permitted to register for such features on the NBA.com Network .
Instead , when a child under 13 years old tries to register , he or she will be directed to content which does not involve the submission of personally identifiable information .
Children who indicate that they are under 13 years old will not be able to make credit card purchases or participate in interactive features on the NBA.com Network that involve the collection and retention of personally identifiable information ( e.g. , entering a sweepstakes ) and they will not be contacted about special offers or promotions .
The NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites that offer features described on the NBA.com Network .
Registration for these features is pursuant to the privacy policies of the third parties operating the web sites on which registration occurs .
Such third party sites may permit children under the age of 13 to register for these features on their sites in accordance with the privacy policies posted on those sites .
The operators of those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that their sites comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules .
For more information , please review the privacy policies of each respective third party site .
LAST UPDATED : November 25 , 2013
Copyright 2013 NBA Media Ventures , LLC .
All rights reserved .
Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for NBA.com , WNBA.com , and nbadleague.com .

This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 10 , 2012 .
NBCUniversal Media , LLC , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 , is responsible for this Website and its contents .
NBCUniversal respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you .
This Privacy Policy describes
The types of personal information we collect on this Website .
( The term `` personal information '' means information about you . )
How we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it
The measures we take to protect the security of your personal information
Your rights and how you can contact us
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline .
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully .
Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Information You Provide To Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Used
How We Share Personal Information
Links to Other Sites
How We Protect Personal Information
Updates to Our Privacy Notice .
Notice to California Residents :
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Data : We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in competitions or games , purchase merchandise etc .
See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions .
1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website .
If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g . subscribe to newsletters , enter competitions , and purchase products ) .
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website .
In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information as follows .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website .
However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to :
To provide technical support ;
To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or
Enforce our terms of service .
If you communicate with us through the `` Contact Us '' link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments .
You may also choose to provide additional information as well .
Newsletters and Other Communications
On the Website , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions .
To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) .
This information is used by us to send you the communications you request .
Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed `` Your Rights '' below .
Goods or Services for Purchase
From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website .
When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , postal address and telephone number .
This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for .
We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase , or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service ( such as PayPal ) to make payment .
If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process , please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider .
If you are a member of the media , you may join the `` Media '' section of the Website to access additional information .
To sign up , we may ask you for your personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number , and company name and job title .
We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Other Promotions
We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions .
If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions .
When you play one of our games , we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game ( s ) .
To provide a richer game and social experience , we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service .
The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs , which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience in the following ways :
To register your account and allow you to play our games
To customize your gaming experience
To administer games and improve game play
To identify and suggest connections with other Website users
To enable user-to-user communications
To provide technical support and respond to user enquiries
To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service
To notify users of in-game updates
To provide in-game leader boards
To communicate about our / third parties new and current games/products/services ( including promotional offers )
To solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services
To resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems
Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties ( in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook ) .
We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other users of the Website .
This profile may include :
Username ( s ) and gender
Links to your profiles on social networking sites ( e.g . Facebook )
Details about games you play
Message Boards , Chat Rooms , Blogs and Other User Forum
Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Please use caution when using these features of our Website .
Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these sections of the Website .
You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website .
Participating in player forums and message boards
Posting public comments to other users profiles or game boards
Sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts
Chat with other users
The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ; ( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested .
Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications .
We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website .
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account .
Do not disclose your password to anyone else .
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google plus ( among others ) are integrated on our Website .
Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g . with a Facebook button ) .
If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network .
The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser .
If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you .
If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g . you press the Facebook `` Like '' feature , the Twitter `` Tweet this '' feature and Google plus `` 1+ '' button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser .
If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network .
If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc . then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc . ) .
If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website .
As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser .
1.2 Information We Collect Automatically
Like many companies , we use `` cookies '' or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc . ) on the Website .
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites .
We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest .
Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site .
When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual .
This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed .
By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors .
We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website .
To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on `` AdChoices '' at the bottom of each page .
Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site .
Without these cookies , online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and/or connection information .
During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information .
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviors .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally .
We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously .
Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist .
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Used
This Website is operated from the United States .
However , as a global company , NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection .
By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries .
How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would .
Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by USA and another company .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register .
If so , both USA and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register .
Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company ( partner ) .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register .
If so , both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive information you provide such as on registration forms .
In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organizations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use .
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer .
Links to Other Sites
The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may operate independently from this Website .
Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites .
To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability .
Like many other websites , we provide other websites with and allow users to `` snag '' or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control .
This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary .
Such requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your personal information .
If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below .
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request .
However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you would like to make such a request , update your marketing preferences ( including requesting being removed from our marketing list ) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by :
Submitting your inquiry here or
Writing to NBC.com at
100 Universal City Plaza
Bldg . 1360 2nd Floor
Universal City , CA 91608
If you choose to write , please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears .
This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the `` Last Updated '' legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through this Website .
By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website .
Notice to California Residents
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which this Website has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us at
100 Universal City Plaza
Bldg . 1360 2nd Floor
Universal City , CA 91608
For all requests , you must put the statement `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the body of your request , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .

NBC News , a division of NBCUniversal Media , LLC , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 , is responsible for this Website and its contents .
NBCUniversal 's Privacy Principles
NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you .
This Privacy Policy describes
the types of personal information we collect on this Website .
( The term personal information means information about you . )
how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it
the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information
your rights and how you can contact us
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline .
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully .
Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in competitions or games , purchase merchandise etc .
See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions .
1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website .
If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g . subscribe to newsletters , enter competitions , and purchase products ) .
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website .
In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information as follows .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website .
However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to :
to provide technical support ;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or
enforce our terms of service .
If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments .
You may also choose to provide additional information as well .
Newsletters and Other Communications
On the Website , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions .
To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) .
This information is used by us to send you the communications you request
Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed Your Rights below .
Goods or Services for Purchase
From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website .
When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , postal address and telephone number .
This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for .
We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase , or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service ( such as PayPal ) to make payment .
If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process , please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider .
If you are a member of the media , you may join the Media section of the Website to access additional information .
To sign up , we may ask you for your personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number , and company name and job title .
We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Other Promotions
We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions .
If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions .
When you play one of our games , we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game ( s ) .
To provide a richer game and social experience , we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service .
The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs , which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website .
In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience in the following ways :
to register your account and allow you to play our games
to customise your gaming experience
to administer games and improve game play
to identify and suggest connections with other Website users
to enable user-to-user communications
to provide technical support and respond to user enquiries
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service
to notify users of in-game updates
to provide in-game leader boards
to communicate about our / third parties ? new and current games/products/services ( including promotional offers )
to solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services
to resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems
Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties ( in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook ) .
Message Boards , Chat Rooms , Blogs and Other User Forum
Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information .
Please use caution when using these features of our Website .
Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website .
You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website .
participating in player forums and message boards
posting public comments to other users ? profiles or game boards
sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts
chat with other users
The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ; ( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested .
Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications .
We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time .
We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children .
At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age .
By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age .
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website .
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account .
Do not disclose your password to anyone else .
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google plus ( among others ) are integrated on our Website .
Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g . with a Facebook button ) .
If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network .
The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser .
If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you .
If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g . you press the Facebook Like feature , the Twitter Tweet this feature and Google plus 1+ button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser .
If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network .
If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc . then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc . ) .
If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website .
As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser .
1.2 Information We Collect Automatically
Like many companies , we use cookies or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc ) on the Website .
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites .
We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest .
Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site .
When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual .
This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed .
By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors .
We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website .
To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on About our ads at the bottom of each page [ put link ] .
Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site .
Without these cookies , online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests .
We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and/or connection information .
During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information .
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis .
In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviours .
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally .
We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes .
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously .
Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist .
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Used
This Website is operated from the United States .
However , as a global company , NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection .
By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries .
How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements .
We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would .
Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company .
If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register .
If so , both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register .
In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organisations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use .
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer .
Links to Other Sites
The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may operate independently from this Website .
Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites .
To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability .
Like many other websites , we provide other websites with and allow users to snag or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control .
This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary .
Such requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your personal information .
If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below .
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request .
However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you would like to make such a request , update your marketing preferences ( including requesting being removed from our marketing list ) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by :
submitting your inquiry here ; or
writing to NBC News , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112
If you choose to write , please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears .
This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations .
Updates to Our Privacy Notice .
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet , accessible through this Website .
By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website .

Full Privacy Policy Last updated : December , 3 2013
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NBCUniversal Media LLC including our affiliate companies ( `` NBCUniversal '' , `` we '' , `` our '' or `` us '' ) .
You can find information about NBCUniversal , including our affiliates , here .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose and transfer the information you provide when you interact with us including ( but not limited to ) via our websites , downloadable applications , such as games , interactive TV and Mobile Apps ( as defined below ) that link to this policy ( `` online services '' ) .
This policy only applies to those online services that link to this policy .
This policy also tells you how we use tracking technologies , cookies and browsing data we collect from your use of the online services , the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the online services , and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding the online services ( including if you want to unsubscribe from our services or update your contact details ) .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
When you use the online services , you are contracting with NBCUniversal .
If you reside outside of the United States , NBCUniversal is your data controller .
By using the online services , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account , as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests .
There are two main types of information we collect about our online users :
Information that identifies you : This is commonly referred to as 'personal information ' and includes , for example , information that you provide to us such as your name , home address , telephone number , e-mail address or payment information ( including your credit card number ) , photos or video footage of you ; and
Information that relates to you , but on its own does not identify you : Such as information about your Internet connection , the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services .
There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include ( but are not limited to ) the following :
Contact/Registration information : for example , your telephone number or e-mail address , where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates ; name , age , gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services ; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service ; or your age , location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services .
Transaction information : when you order products or services through the online services , you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction .
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums : including your username , images or videos .
Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums , as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information .
Information about your equipment : for example , the type and version of your device 's operating system or web browser .
Information about your interactions with the online services : for example , your Internet protocol or ( IP ) address , pages that you visit within the online services , gameplay data or other information collected through Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data : if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in ( for example , a Facebook `` like '' button ) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile ( such as your name , email address , your friend list , photo , gender , location , birthday , social networking ID , current city , the people/sites you follow , and so forth ) .
If you do n't want a social network to collect the information about you as described above , or you do n't want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services .
We may also receive other information ( e.g. , content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc . ) from your interaction with the online services .
You agree that we may share your video viewing with , or obtain information about your video viewing from , third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information , you agree that we may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways :
Directly from you , when you provide it to us : for example , when you request products or services from us , when you register with us , respond to surveys , contact us or otherwise interact with us .
Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in , they may share information with us as if they were you , and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us .
To protect your privacy , please log out from the online services you use from shared devices .
Automatically , when you use our online services : we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps .
Please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and Mobile Apps pages for further information , including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies .
From third parties including social networks , from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners .
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information to :
provide the services you have requested ;
create an online services account if you have requested one ;
personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates , including providing personalized advertising on some online services ( see options for opting-out of personalized advertising here ) ;
respond to your inquiries , requests , and comments ;
allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services , where you choose to do so ;
provide technical support for the online services ;
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) on the online services ;
protect the safety of users and others on the online services ;
enforce our online services ' terms of service ;
understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them , and the services we provide to you ;
send you service-related communications , including announcements and administrative messages ; and
send you newsletters and information about products , services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with , in accordance with your communication preferences .
Please see Your Rights and Choices for further information about how you can control these updates .
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information shared among NBCUniversal affiliates .
When you choose to register for an account on any NBCUniversal online service : the information you provide may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates and used to help us better tailor our services , products and advertising to you .
Note that you may be registered for different accounts with different NBCUniversal group companies or in different areas of our business .
Information collected automatically : this information collected from your interaction with the online services via Cookies and Tracking Technologies , which may or may not include personal information , may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates for the purposes of research , analysis , marketing and ad-serving .
For information about this and your choices see Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with trusted third parties :
Service providers or business partners that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf : Such as for hosting websites , fulfilling transactions , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services and platforms , and processing payments .
These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf , or to comply with legal requirements .
We take steps to ensure that third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information .
Social Networks : You may interact with certain features of the online services that cause information to be published to your social networks .
For example , you may click on a Facebook `` like '' button , which publishes to your Facebook account that you `` like '' one of our TV shows or movies .
On pages of the online services that contain social network functionality , the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you , even if you do n't use that functionality .
For example , if a page within the online services contains a Facebook `` like '' button , Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page , even if you do n't click on the `` like '' button .
To control this sharing of information , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use the online services .
For Mobile Apps : In addition , in relation to Mobile Apps we may share your usage and personal information with operating system , platforms providers , carriers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties .
Please see our Mobile Apps section for additional detail .
Information we share with advertisers ( including Targeted Advertising )
Some online services , including Mobile Apps , may be supported with advertising , and collect data to help the online services serve ads .
This helps keep the cost of online services low or free .
We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks , who may receive information about how you interact with advertising provided in the online service .
We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device , the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the online services and elsewhere .
For information about your choices relating to these activities , see Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with other parties
In addition , we may disclose your personal information collected through the online services to law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , and content protection organizations to :
Protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors or other individuals ;
Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties ;
Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ;
Respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ;
Permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ;
Comply with the law including with subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , and other legal process ; or
Enforce applicable terms of service
Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets
We reserve the right to transfer your usage information and personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services .
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer , or as otherwise required by law .
If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business .
Except where otherwise indicated , NBCUniversal online services are general audience sites not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13 .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children .
Except where otherwise indicated we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time .
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain procedural , technical and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our online services .
We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to so the same .
For example , we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our online services .
Unfortunately , no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk .
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below .
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account .
Do not disclose your password to anyone else .
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Communication Preferences and Opt-outs
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you do n't want them anymore , you can unsubscribe .
Select the `` unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of any message , by other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below , to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional e-mails .
However , you can not unsubscribe from some service related messages .
For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps see the Mobile Apps policy .
Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies
For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology ( `` Cookies and Tracking Technology '' ) including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy .
In addition to the functionality provided to you via the online services ( such as using `` account settings '' for registered users ) , where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review , update and correct it .
Some access requests may be subject to a small fee .
To help your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information .
Data Retention and Deletion
We will retain your data for as long as you use the online services and for a reasonable time thereafter .
Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for the online services to function properly , and we may be required to retain certain information by law .
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third party service providers internationally .
Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection .
If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including personal information , may be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States .
Under United States law , your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States .
By using our online services and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services ( including your opt-out choices ) please see the Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy .
Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy , we provide opt-out choices .
The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising , but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes ( e.g. , research , analytics and internal online services operation purposes ) .
For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications ( `` Mobile Apps '' ) see the Mobile Apps policy .
Notice to California Residents :
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information ( as defined by California law ) during the preceding year for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer , 100 Universal City Plaza , 1280 , Universal City , California , 91608-1002 , US .
For all requests , you must put the statement `` Your California Privacy Rights '' in the body of your request , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code .
In the body of your request , please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you .
You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , email , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information .
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575 ( b ) ( as amended effective January 1 , 2014 ) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to `` Do Not Track '' browser settings .
NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed .
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created .
Links to Other Websites :
The online services may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and / or information ( for example , to sites which are provided by our third party vendors ) .
If you access other websites using the links provided , you may leave NBCUniversal 's online services .
When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo , please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , which may differ from ours and we do not endorse or control the policies or practices of that website .
You should always read the Privacy Policy of any website you access carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices .
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use .
If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of our website or ( 2 ) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online .
You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services .
You should check our online services frequently for updates .
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the `` Last Updated '' or similar legend at the top of this page .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through this site .
By continuing to use this online service following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using our online services .

Effective date 1st August , 2012
These NDTV Service Terms together with the Privacy Policy and all other additional terms and information that may be provided within the Service ( collectively Terms ) govern your use of the service , site , content and software ( collectively the `` Service '' ) .
By registering for or using the Service or any portion of it you accept the Terms .
The Terms constitute an agreement between you and New Delhi Television Limited including its affiliates and suppliers ( collectively NDTV ) , defining your and NDTV 's rights and responsibilities with respect to the Service .
To use a Service you may need to register and create an account with a username and a password .
You may need to provide us with certain personal and other information .
NDTV may verify your email address before your account can be used .
You agree to provide truthful and complete information when you register for the Service and to keep that information updated .
You must take due care to protect your username and password against misuse by others and promptly notify NDTV about any misuse .
You are personally responsible for any use of the Service .
You may terminate your registration if you no longer wish to use the Service .
After termination , you will no longer have access to the Service .
NDTV may terminate your registration or restrict your access to certain parts of the Service if NDTV reasonably believes that you have breached the Terms .
NDTV grants you a non-exclusive , non-transferable license , revocable at any time at NDTV 's sole discretion , to access and use the Service strictly in accordance with the Terms .
Use of the Service does not grant you any intellectual property rights in or to any information or content in the Service .
As part of the Service , NDTV may provide you with content developed by NDTV or its licensors ( Content ) .
NDTV grants you a non-exclusive and perpetual license to use Content for the purpose it is intended , unless otherwise defined in the applicable Terms or the purchase order .
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Service .
Any license acquired to third-party Content is a binding agreement between you and the third-party Content provider .
You have only the rights to the Content which are expressly granted here .
As part of the Service , NDTV may provide you with certain software developed by NDTV or , its licensors ( Software ) .
Your use of Software may be subject to separate terms and conditions that you must accept before using the Software .
If there are no separate terms and conditions applicable to such Software , the following terms apply : NDTV grants to you a limited , non-exclusive , non-transferable right to install and use the Software on your computer and/or mobile device .
You may not copy the Software , except to make a single archival backup copy .
You may not distribute , transfer the right to use , modify , translate , reproduce , resell , sublicense , rent , lease , reverse engineer , or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of or make derivative works of the Software .
For open source licensed software , applicable open source license terms apply .
You may be able to submit information or content ( Material ) to the Service .
NDTV does not claim ownership in your Material .
Your submission of Material does not transfer ownership of rights of the Material to NDTV .
NDTV is only transmitting the Material and is not responsible for editorial control over it .
By submitting Material to the Service you grant NDTV a world-wide , non-exclusive , sub-licensable , assignable , fully paid-up , royalty-free , perpetual and irrevocable license to use , copy , publicly perform , display , distribute in any media and modify the Material to incorporate the Material into other works , and to grant similar sublicenses to the extent necessary for NDTV to provide the Service .
You may be able to adjust this grant in the privacy and other settings of the Service .
You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of the data you store on the Service , including Content you upload .
If the Service is discontinued or canceled , NDTV may permanently delete your data .
NDTV has no obligation to return data to you after the Service is discontinued or canceled .
You agree to :
Comply with applicable laws , the Terms and good manners ;
Use the Service only for your personal , non-commercial purposes ;
Not submit unlawful , offensive , inaccurate , misleading , abusive , pornographic , harassing , libelous , blasphemous , defamatory , obscene , pedophilic , invasive of another 's privacy , hateful , racially or ethically objectionable , disparaging , relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling , or otherwise inappropriate material .
Not to upload or share any information that impersonates another person , threatens the unity , integrity , defence , security or sovereignty of India .
Obtain any consents , permission or licenses that may be legally required for you to submit any Material ;
Respect the privacy of others ;
Not distribute or post spam , unreasonably large files , chain letters , pyramid schemes , viruses ; or
Not use any other technologies or initiate other activities that may harm the Service , or the interest or property of the Service users .
Not to use any automated systems or means to access , acquire , copy or monitor any part of the service .
Be responsible for the consequences related to the Material that you post .
NDTV may but has no obligation to :
Monitor or moderate any Content or Material ;
Remove any Material from the Service ; and
Restrict access to any part of the Service at any time in its sole discretion .
Before downloading or accessing any Content , please check whether the Content which you wish to access is restricted by age or marked as potentially offensive ' or explicit ' .
NDTV shall not be responsible for any claims or offense caused or suffered by you accessing such Content .
To use the Content only for your personal , non-commercial purposes ;
To use the Content in accordance with the restrictions set out in the applicable laws , additional terms , guidelines and policies or on the product pages that apply to that particular piece of the Content ;
Not to make copies , give , sell , resell , loan , rent , offer , broadcast , send , distribute , transfer , communicate to the public , reproduce , modify , display , perform , commercially exploit or make the Content available unless otherwise authorized in the applicable Terms and to advise NDTV promptly of any such unauthorized use ;
Not to remove , circumvent , reverse engineer , decrypt , or otherwise alter or interfere with any applicable usage rules or attempt to circumvent digital rights management or copy protection features associated with the Content or any other technologies used to control the access to or use of the Content or its identifying information ;
Not to use any automated systems or means , except for those provided by us , for the selection or downloading of the Content ;
Not to give out your password or otherwise allow other people to access the Content .
The restrictions on copying that apply to applicable media also apply to the Content accessed as part of this Service .
The Content is owned and/or controlled by NDTV and/or its respective licensors and is protected by intellectual property laws .
The third party Content provider is solely responsible for any Content it provides , any warranties to the extent that such warranties have not been disclaimed and for any claims you may have relating to that Content or your use of that Content .
However , NDTV reserves the right to enforce the third party Content license terms against you as a third party beneficiary of those terms .
The third party Content providers are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms and may enforce the provisions that directly concern the Content in which they have rights .
NDTV may be acting as an agent for third party Content provider in providing the Content to you .
NDTV is not a party to the transaction between you and the third party Content provider for such Content .
NDTV may post notices within the Service .
NDTV may also send you notices about products and Services to the email address or telephone number you have provided to us .
You are deemed to have received such notices at the latest within seven ( 7 ) days from NDTV sending or posting those .
Your continued use of the Services constitutes your receipt of all notices regardless of delivery method .
Your use of the Service may be or may become subject to charges .
Use of the Service may involve transmission of data through your service provider 's network .
Prices listed within the Service do not include possible data transmission , text message , voice or other service provision charges by your network service provider .
NDTV assumes no responsibility for the payment of any charges of your service providers .
Order and Payment Terms
`` Order '' shall mean the selection of payable Content and/or subscription to Content offered by NDTV and available in the Service and submission of payment method , as well as submitting the order by selecting the `` buy '' , `` ok '' , `` I accept '' or other similar confirmation of acceptance in the order flow or providing other indication of acceptance terms that are presented to you in the order flow .
You agree that all Orders shall be legally valid and binding .
All Orders are subject to acceptance by NDTV .
You may pay by credit or debit card , network service provider billing , or other payment methods if available .
Your credit or debit card must have a billing address in the country where the Content is offered by the Service .
NDTV will charge your credit card or debit your bank account within a reasonable time after you have made your Order .
All credit card payments are subject to validation checks and authorization by the card issuer .
If you choose network service provider billing , charges will appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid account if it is a prepaid account .
Some network service providers may subject your usage of the Service to additional terms and conditions including placing limits on the amount of charges possible with network service provider billing .
Charges in excess of network service provider limits or account balance may be rejected .
You agree to pay the charges related to your Order , to ensure that the instrument of payment is valid at the time of the Order , that you are the rightful holder of the instrument and that the instrument is used within its credit limits .
The Content that is delivered is licensed to you .
You agree to use such Content solely as permitted in these Terms and in any additional terms that you may be presented in the order flow .
The Service may offer subscriptions .
You authorize the Service to place a periodical charge during the period of the subscription .
The Service may also offer a trial period .
If your Order involves a trial period ( also known as try-and-buy ) , you may be charged when the trial period expires , unless you cancel in accordance with the subscription/trial terms .
The prices in the Service may change from time to time .
Prices include applicable taxes in effect at the time of your transaction , unless otherwise stated .
There may be instances where you incur additional charges from your bank or credit card provider based on currency conversion rates used and/or additional fees assessed .
The Company Web-sites ( `` Site '' ) are maintained by :
207 , Okhla Industrial Estate
Phase III , New Delhi 110 020 Ph . : +91 11 66176452 .
Any personal information identifying any visitor to the NDTV Sites or Subscriber ( `` Personal Information '' ) if required , is asked for explicitly in the relevant page on the NDTV Sites .
Personal Information is used to operate the NDTV Sites , and we may occasionally inform you of new features , services , and products from the Company .
We may place a text file called a `` cookie '' in the browser files of your computer .
The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable the NDTV Sites to relate your use of the NDTV Sites to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to the NDTV Sites .
By submitting any ideas , feedback and/or proposals ( `` Feedback '' ) to NDTV through the Service or other means , you acknowledge and agree that : ( 1 ) NDTV may have similar development ideas to the Feedback ; ( 2 ) your Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information of you or any third party ; ( 3 ) NDTV is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback ; ( 4 ) NDTV may freely use , distribute , exploit and further develop and modify Feedback for any purpose ; and ( 5 ) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from NDTV .
Social Activities and Location Sharing
You may use features in the Service to share your location , status , content , Materials or personal information or to interact with other users , sites and services .
By using these features you agree that NDTV may use and provide that information to other services and persons with whom you choose to interact or share this information .
Users of these services and persons , such as your contacts , may see your location , status and/or personal information .
In using these features you agree not to share information , Content or Material , or to link to any service or site containing information , Content or Material , that : ( a ) contains content or other material that is illegal or inappropriate ; ( b ) exploits intellectual property rights without authorization or encourages users to piracy ; or ( c ) contains sensitive personal data of others .
Any interaction does not involve NDTV and is solely between you and the other user ( s ) .
Availability and Technical Requirements
The availability of Content and the Service may vary and is subject to NDTV 's sole discretion .
NDTV expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that any particular Content or Service will be available .
The Service , operations and some features may also be dependent on the network , compatibility of the devices used and the content formats supported .
To access the Service , you may need to download a specific piece of software developed by NDTV or by another party .
NDTV may , in its sole discretion , change , correct or discontinue the Service in whole or in part .
NDTV may disable any Content or Software contained in your Service account for any reason and remove any Content or Software and/or disable copies of any application on your device in order to protect the Service , application providers , wireless carriers over whose network you access the service or any other affected or potentially affected parties .
Links to Third Party Sites and Content
NDTV may include access to sites and services on the Internet or preloaded clients that enable you to interact with sites and services that are owned or operated by third parties and that are not part of the Service .
You must review and agree to the terms and conditions of these sites or services before using these sites or services .
NDTV has no control over the third party content , sites or services and assumes no responsibility for services provided or material created or published on these third-party sites or services .
A link to a third-party site does not imply that NDTV endorses the site or the products or services referenced in the site .
In addition , you and other users may create content and links to content within the Service that has not otherwise been submitted to the Service .
NDTV is not responsible for this type of content or links .
Service may include advertisements .
Advertisements may be targeted to the content or information stored on the Service , queries made through the Service , or other information .
The Privacy Policy and any additional privacy information made available to you govern the use of your personal data .
The Service is provided on AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis .
NDTV does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error or virus-free .
No warranty of any kind , either express or implied , including but not limited to warranties of title , non-infringement , merchantability , or fitness for a particular purpose , is made in relation to the availability , accuracy , reliability , information or content of the Service .
You expressly agree and acknowledge that the use of the Service is at your sole risk and that you may be exposed to content from various sources .
NDTV is not liable for any direct damages caused by your use or inability to use the Service .
In no case will NDTV be liable for any indirect , incidental , punitive or consequential damages resulting from your use or inability to use the Service .
You agree to defend and indemnify NDTV from and against all third party claims and all liabilities , assessments , losses , costs or damages resulting from or arising out of ( i ) your breach of the Terms , ( ii ) your infringement or violation of any intellectual property rights , other rights or privacy of a third party , or ( iii ) misuse of the Service by a third party where the misuse was made possible by your failure to take reasonable measures to protect your username and password against misuse .
17.1 Choice of Law
The Terms are governed by the laws of India .
The Courts at New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of the Service .
17.2 Changes in Terms
NDTV may modify the Terms at any time without prior notice .
If the Terms are changed in a material , adverse way , NDTV will provide a separate notice advising of the change .
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms .
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your consent to any changes and modification .
The Service , Content and Software are protected under the copyright laws .
NDTV claims copyrights in its Service , Content , and Software to the maximum extent of the law .
Subject to the Terms , NDTV retains all rights , titles and interests in the Service , its Content , the Software and in all other NDTV products , software and other properties provided to you or used by you through the Service .
NDTV may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to its subsidiaries , or to any company under common control with NDTV .
Additionally , NDTV may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to a third party in connection with a merger , acquisition , sale of assets , by operation of law or otherwise .

This website ( `` website '' ) is operated by The Neiman Marcus Group , Inc. , which includes Neiman Marcus stores , Neiman Marcus Direct , Horchow , and Bergdorf Goodman ( `` Neiman Marcus '' or `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website , and does not cover any information collected offline by Neiman Marcus ( unless specifically stated ) .
All Neiman Marcus websites , including NeimanMarcus.com , BergdorfGoodman.com , Horchow.com , and LastCall.com , are currently covered by this privacy policy .
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server using Secure Socket Layering ( SSL ) encryption technology .
You may purchase online merchandise by calling toll-free 1.888.888.475724 hours a day , seven days a week .
One of our customer service associates will gladly take your order .
We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security .
We take appropriate physical , electronic , and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers , as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access .
Our website uses encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport .
SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name , address , and credit card number .
Our Customer Care center and stores also operate over a private , secure network .
Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information .
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services , we use information from our interactions with you and other customers , as well as from other parties .
Because we respect your privacy , we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe , secure , and responsible manner .
We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used .
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer , this privacy policy likely will change .
We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 12 , 2012 .
The Information We Collect
Generally , you may browse the website without providing any personally identifiable information .
However , we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website .
In some cases , if you choose not to provide us with the requested information , you may not be able to access all of this website or participate in all of its features .
We receive and store any personally identifiable information you enter on the website , whenever you shop with Neiman Marcusonline , through our catalogs , or in our stores , or information you give us in any other way , such as by subscribing to our catalogs , email , or mobile messaging .
For example , we may collect the following personally identifiable information : your name , address , telephone number , mobile telephone number , driver 's license number , birth date , and email address .
If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check , we will also include your account number .
When you register with us as an online customer , we may ask for additional information , such as your favorite designers .
If you use one of our services , or participate in one of our surveys , promotions , or sweepstakes , we may ask for additional information , such as your age , interests , or product preferences .
From your purchases and other interactions with us , we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use .
When you visit this website , our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses , and may collect general information concerning your location .
We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes , such as improving our site design , product assortments , customer service , and special promotions .
When you visit one of our stores , if your mobile device accesses one of our wireless networks we may also automatically collect information about your geo-location based , in part , upon which wireless network has been accessed .
When this happens we attempt to de-identify the information , which means that we remove or change ( e.g. , hash ) certain pieces of information that might be used to link the data to you , or to your device .
We will not attempt to re-identify geo-location information ( i.e. , link it to you or your device ) unless you affirmatively give us permission to collect geo-location information about you .
Our mobile applications will not transmit geo-location information about you to us unless you give them permission to do so .
Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be `` tracked '' online .
At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast .
The Information We Collect was last updated December 17 , 2013 .
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for various purposes , including :
To complete your purchase transactions
To provide the services you request
To send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail
To identify your product and service preferences , so we can notify you of new or additional products , services , and promotions that might be of interest to you
To notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
To improve our merchandise selections , customer service , and overall shopping experience
Others With Whom We Share Your Information
The Neiman Marcus Group : All of the above information that we collect , as described above , may be shared among all Neiman Marcus entities , including Horchow and Bergdorf Goodman .
Service Providers : We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer .
For example , we may work with an outside company to : ( a ) manage a database of customer information ; ( b ) assist us in distributing emails ; ( c ) assist us with direct marketing and data collection ; ( d ) provide us storage and analysis ; ( d ) provide fraud prevention ; and ( e ) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential .
We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them .
Other Companies : We may provide information to carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you .
Business Transitions : We may transfer or share a copy of personal information about you in the event that Neiman Marcus or one of its properties , affiliates , or subsidiaries goes through a business transition , such as a merger , being acquired by another company , or selling a portion of its assets .
You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information , if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy .
However , nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of Neiman Marcus to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets to an affiliate or independent third party at any time , for any purpose , without any limitation whatsoever .
Neiman Marcus specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected from its websites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information .
Compliance with Law : We may provide access to information when legally required to do so , to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings , to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website , to limit our legal liability , and to protect our rights or to protect the rights , property , or safety of visitors of this website or the public .
Neiman Marcus partners with advertising companies to place our advertising on publisher websites on the Internet .
These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site .
This technology involves the use of third party cookies which allow them to develop personalized advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you .
To choose to opt-out of this service we have with our third-party advertising partner , click here .
We may also use Neiman Marcus cookies to provide similar enhanced online marketing to you based on your interests and preferences .
To opt out of these enhanced online marketing ads , please click here .
Your Choices Regarding Use of the Information We Collect
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your nonpublic personally identifiable information .
Direct Mail or Telephone Marketing : If you shop at the Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman stores and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail or telemarketing calls , please either :
Write to Neiman Marcus Customer Care at P.O .
Box 650589 , Dallas , Texas , 75265-0589
or call toll-free 1-888-888-4757
If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , and credit card account number ( if you have one ) , and state one of the following :
`` NO MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive offers by mail ) ;
`` NO PHONE OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive offers by phone ) ; or
`` NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS '' ( if you do n't want to receive either ) .
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering ( sometimes a few months before the offer is made ) , you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes .
We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Neiman Marcus Customer Care , P.O.Box 650589 , Dallas , Texas 75265-0589 .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and How We Use Them
A `` cookie '' is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer or mobile device [ hard drive ] .
It allows us to recognize your computer ( but not specifically who is using it ) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us .
That customer information is stored on our secured database .
A `` web beacon '' or `` pixel tag '' or `` clear gif '' is typically a one-pixel image , used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website .
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before clicking to NeimanMarcus.com .
We use this information to improve our site design , product assortments , customer service , and special promotions .
You can , of course , disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser .
However , it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies .
We may also use web beacons , and other technologies , to help track whether our communications are reaching you , to measure their effectiveness , or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer , device , or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you .
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and web beacons and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as credit card processing , shipping , promotional services , or data management .
We call them our Customer Care Partners .
These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners .
This Cookies , Web Beacons , and How We Use Them was last updated on March 7 , 2013 .
Protecting children 's privacy is important to us .
Our website is a general audience site .
We do not collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is targeted to attract anyone under 13 .
We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 without their parent 's consent .
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online .
We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children 's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children 's access to the web .
Links to Other Sites
While visiting NeimanMarcus.com , you may link to websites operated by our business partners or other third parties .
This does not mean that we endorse these websites .
We do not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access through this website .
They are independent from us , and we have no control over , or responsibility for , their information or activities .
In addition , our privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites .
If you provide personal information at one of those sites , you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site , not the Neiman Marcus Privacy Policy .
Make sure you understand any website 's privacy policies before providing personal information .
To make online shopping faster and easier , you may register with NeimanMarcus.com .
As a registered customer , you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once ; they will be securely stored with us for your future use .
Using your name and a password of your choice , you may access your account online at any time to add , delete , or change information .
If you are using a public computer , we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session .
Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer .
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them .
If you do not want to receive email from Neiman Marcus or its affiliates you can click on the `` Manage Your Email Preferences '' link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us .
Choose `` Unsubscribe '' at the bottom of the page that opens .
Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal , as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request .
If you 've signed up for mobile messaging ( e.g. , SMS and MMS ) offers but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message .
By using this website , you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We 'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions .
Dallas , TX 75265-0589

NEJM.org is owned and operated by the Massachusetts Medical Society ( MMS ) .
We take privacy issues seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information .
Please take a moment to review our privacy policy , which explains how we collect , use , and safeguard information you enter at NEJM.org and any of our digital applications ( such as our iPhone and iPad applications ) .
This privacy policy applies only to information collected by MMS through NEJM.org and our digital applications .
This privacy policy does not govern personal information furnished to MMS through any other means .
What Information Do We Collect ?
How Is This Information Used ?
What Security Measures Are Used ?
How to Make Changes to Your Information
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us
We will request information from you if you establish a personal profile to gain access to certain content or services , if you ask to be notified by e-mail about online content , or if you participate in surveys we conduct .
This requires the input of personal information and preferences that may include , but is not limited to , details such as your name , address ( postal and e-mail ) , telephone number , or demographic information .
If you request paid content from NEJM.org , including subscriptions , we will also ask for payment information such as credit card type and number .
Information That Is Automatically Collected
We use log files to collect general data about the movement of visitors through our site and digital applications .
This may include some or all of the following information : the Internet Protocol Address ( IP Address ) of your computer or other digital device , host name , domain name , browser version and platform , date and time of requests , and the files downloaded or viewed .
We use this information to measure and analyze traffic and usage of NEJM.org and our digital applications .
We use cookies to collect information and help personalize your user experience .
We store minimal personally identifying information in cookies and protect this information .
We do not store complete records or credit card numbers in cookies .
You can find out more about how we use cookies at our Cookie Information page .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies .
The site will function if you block third party cookies .
In some cases we also work with third party vendors ( such as Google ) to help deliver advertisements on our behalf across the Internet .
These vendors may use cookies to collect information about your activity at our site ( i.e. , the pages you have visited ) in order to help deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs )
We may also use clear gifs which are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that function similarly to cookies to help us to track site activity .
We do not use these to collect personally identifying information .
HOW IS THIS INFORMATION USED
Information that you provide to us will be used to process , fulfill , and deliver your requests for content and services .
We may send you information about our products and services , unless you have indicated you do not wish to receive further information .
Information that is automatically collected is used to monitor usage patterns at NEJM.org and at our digital applications in order to help us improve our service offerings .
We do not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third party .
You may unsubscribe from our e-mail services at any time .
For additional information on how to unsubscribe from our e-mail services , please refer to the How to Make Changes to Your Information section of this Privacy Policy .
We may report aggregate information about usage to third parties , including our service vendors and advertisers .
For additional information , please also see our Internet Advertising Policy .
We may also disclose personal and demographic information about your use of NEJM.org and our digital applications to companies and individuals we engage to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples may include hosting our Web servers , analyzing data , and providing marketing assistance .
These companies and individuals are obligated to maintain your personal information as confidential and may have access to your personal information only as necessary to perform their requested function on our behalf .
We contract with third-party advertisers and their agents to post banner and other advertisement at our site and digital applications .
These advertisements may link to Web sites not under our control .
These third-party advertisers may use cookie technology or similar means to measure the effectiveness of their ads or may otherwise collect personally identifying information from you when you leave our site or digital applications .
We are not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products or other materials offered from such advertisers and their agents .
Transactions that occur between you and the third-party advertisers are strictly between you and the third party and are not our responsibility .
You should review the privacy policy of any third-party advertiser and its agent , as their policies may differ from ours .
We use a third-party ad server , CheckM8 , to serve advertising at NEJM.org .
CheckM8 does not collect any personally identifiable information regarding consumers who view or interact with CheckM8 advertisements .
CheckM8 solely collects non-personally identifiable ad delivery and reporting data .
For further information , see CheckM8 's privacy policy .
WHAT SECURITY MEASURES ARE USED
When you submit personal information via NEJM.org or our digital applications , your information is protected both online and offline with what we believe to be appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect .
For information submitted via NEJM.org , we use the latest Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt your credit card and personal information .
HOW TO MAKE CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION
Once you have created a My NEJM account on our site , you can update your personal information at any time .
You may also choose to stop receiving offer information from us about content or services .
You can do this by visiting My NEJM and updating your account .
Any data or personal information that you submit to us as user-generated content becomes public and may be used by MMS in connection with NEJM.org , our digital applications , and other MMS publications in any and all media .
For more information , see our User-Generated Content Guidelines .
Compliance with Legal Process
We may disclose personally identifying information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) protect our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or the unauthorized use of our Web site ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public .
NEJM.org is not intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 .
Changes to This Policy
This privacy policy may be periodically updated .
We will post a notice that this policy has been amended by revising the Last updated date at the top of this page .
Use of NEJM.org constitutes consent to any policy then in effect .
The New England Journal of Medicine publishing offices are located at 860 Winter Street , Waltham , MA 02451 , USA ; telephone : 781-893-3800 .
The editorial offices are located at 10 Shattuck Street , Boston , MA 02115 , USA ; telephone : 617- 734-9800 .

Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
The Nelson Mandela Foundation ( the NMF ) is pleased to provide this website , both produced and/or compiled by the Foundation to provide the public with information regarding the work of the NMF and Nelson Mandela 's legacy .
The following describes the terms ( the Terms ) that govern your use of the NMF Site , and the services and goods provided through the NMF Site .
Your use of the NMF Site constitutes your agreement to all of the Terms .
If you do not agree with any of the Terms you may not use the NMF Site .
The term materials includes all or any information , artwork , text , video , audio , animation or image files .
Use of the NMF Site
( a ) Content
The information and materials contained at the NMF Site , including the text , images , arrangement , and general design ( collectively , the Content ) are owned or licensed by the NMF .
You are authorised to view or download the Content solely for your personal , educational , non-commercial use provided you retain all proprietary notices contained in the Content .
You may not modify , copy , distribute , transmit , display , perform , reproduce , publish , license , create derivative works from , transfer , or sell any Content .
Reproduction of the Content except as specifically provided in this paragraph is prohibited without the express written authorisation of the NMF or the copyright owner .
Any publication or commercial use of the Content is strictly prohibited .
Copying , redistribution or exploitation of the Content for personal or corporate gain is not permitted .
( b ) Prohibited Use
You may not use the NMF Site in any manner which is contrary to applicable local , provincial , national , international and foreign laws or regulations governing your use of the NMF Site .
Specifically , the NMF site is both owned and operated from the Republic of South Africa .
As a result , the laws of the Republic of South Africa govern these terms and conditions and you consent to the jurisdiction of the Witwatersrand High Court in the event of unlawful use or dispute .
It is solely your responsibility to determine whether your use of the NMF Site is lawful .
You may not use the NMF Site in any manner which could damage , disable , overburden or impair the NMF Site or interfere with any other party 's use and enjoyment of the NMF Site .
( c ) Modification
The NMF reserves the right to change or modify the terms , conditions , and notices under which you may use the NMF Site .
The NMF will post all changes or modifications to these Terms on the NMF Site .
Each use of the NMF Site will constitute your acceptance of the Terms posted on the NMF Site at that time .
The NMF is committed to protecting the privacy of its online guests and customers .
We only collect personally identifiable information that you provide or that is otherwise provided to us on your behalf .
Unless we advise otherwise , your information will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided or to contact you .
The NMF site and the Content are provided on an as is , where is ' basis .
The NMF disclaims all conditions , terms , representations and warranties , express or implied , statutory or otherwise , including but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability , quality , fitness for a particular purpose , title and non-infringement , with respect to any of the Content .
The NMF does not warrant that the NMF site and the Content are free from errors or other program limitations or that the NMF site and Content will be accessible and perform in accordance with your expectations .
This disclaimer shall apply to all damages or injuries incurred from , or related to your use of the NMF site including but not limited to failure of performance , error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , computer virus or communication line failure .
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein , the NMF further does not warrant , guarantee , or make any representations ( I ) regarding the goods or services provided through the NMF site ( the products ' ) , ( II ) regarding the use of the products , ( III ) that the products will perform in accordance with your expectations , or ( IV ) that any defects in the products will be corrected .
The express warranties in these terms are in lieu of all other warranties , conditions , terms , representations and obligations of the parties to these terms .
The NMF will not be liable to you or any other person for any damages ( direct , indirect , general , special , consequential , or otherwise ) , expenses , loss of profits , loss of earnings , loss of business opportunities , loss of data or other loss , arising directly or indirectly out of or in connection with the provision , use or failure of the NMF site , and/or the content , whether negligent or otherwise , and which would otherwise give rise to a cause of action in contract , tort , or any other doctrine of law .
You agree to indemnify , defend and hold harmless the NMF and its respective agents , directors , officers , employees and licensors , and all other related , associated , or connected persons ( collectively , the Indemnified Parties ) from and against any and all liabilities , expenses and costs , including without limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses , incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim or demand arising out of , related to , or connected with the use of the NMF Site by you or your breach of this agreement .
You will assist and co-operate as fully as reasonably required by the Indemnified Parties in the defence of any such claim or demand .
Links to external web sites ( the Linked Sites ) are provided only as a convenience and do not constitute an endorsement by the NMF of the owners or operators of the Linked Sites , an endorsement of the content , products , advertising or other materials contained in the Linked Sites , or any association between the NMF and the Linked Sites .
The NMF is not in control of any of the Linked Sites and is not responsible for the contents of the Linked Sites , including without limitation any link contained in the Linked Sites or any changes or updates to the Linked Sites .
( a ) General copyright
The NMF website comprises and contains copyrighted works .
Copyright in such works remains with the Nelson Mandela Foundation and other copyright owners .
The works are protected by copyright law , and the regulations thereunder , and by similar laws in other countries .
Information on this website has been posted with the intent that it be readily available for private enjoyment or study only .
Downloaded material must not be modified , must retain any associated copyright or other proprietary notices , and must acknowledge the source of the material .
Users must adhere to any additional terms and restrictions that may appear on individual pages of the website .
All other uses are prohibited without the express written authorisation of the NMF or the copyright owner , including :
reproduction of any kind in any medium ;
redistribution in any manner for commercial use , including commercial publication , or for personal gain ;
storage in any medium including extraction into any other database , computer program or website ;
rental , leasing , or lending ; and
extraction , manipulation or alteration in any respect .
Anyone wishing to use the materials from this website for these or other purposes must obtain prior written approval from the NMF .
Permission for such use is granted on a case-by-case basis and at the sole discretion of the NMF .
For information on and permission to use NMF website images , including licensing requests , and other NMF media such as film or video , please contact us .
( b ) Third-Party Materials
The NMF has taken all reasonable efforts to ensure that materials , for which copyright belongs to others , are reproduced on the NMF 's website with the full consent of the copyright owners .
The NMF does not warrant that the use of materials displayed in the website will not infringe the rights of third parties .
Such works may not be used in any form ; they may not be copied or downloaded without prior permission from the third party .
( a ) Survival
The disclaimer , limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in these Terms will survive indefinitely after the termination of these Terms .
( b ) Marks
The Nelson Mandela Foundation and the NMF logo ( collectively the Marks ) appearing on the NMF Site are registered trademarks , trademarks or service marks of the Nelson Mandela Foundation .
The use of the Marks is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent from the NMF .
All other trademarks , product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners .
Nothing appearing on the NMF Site or elsewhere will be construed as granting , by implication , estoppel , or otherwise , any license or right to use any Marks displayed on the NMF Site .
( c ) Severability
If any provision of these Terms are invalid or unenforceable under applicable law , then it will be , to that extent , deemed omitted and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect .
( d ) Entire Terms
Unless specifically provided herein , these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and the NMF with respect to your use of the NMF Site .
These Terms will supersede all prior agreements , understanding , negotiations and discussions , either oral or written between the parties .
There are no representations , warranties , conditions or other agreements , express or implied , statutory or otherwise , between the parties in connection with the use of the NMF Site except as specifically set forth herein .
( e ) Termination
These Terms will automatically terminate if you are in breach of any of the provisions contained herein .
The NMF reserves the right , in its sole discretion , to suspend or terminate your access to the NMF Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time , without notice .
Upon any such termination you may no longer access and/or use the NMF Site .
The NMF may , in its sole discretion , change , suspend or terminate , temporarily or permanently , the NMF Site or any part of it or any of its features at any time , for any reason , without any notice or liability to you or any other person .
If these Terms or your permission to use the NMF Site is terminated by you or the NMF for any reason , these Terms will nevertheless continue to apply and be binding upon you in respect of your prior use of the NMF Site and your purchases of goods and services through the NMF Site and anything connected with , relating to or arising from those matters .

LAST UPDATED : 12/26/2013
Welcome ! This Privacy Policy governs the websites , online services , and software made available by the Nickelodeon Group for use on mobile devices , tablets , personal computers and other devices , which includes the websites and online services listed here , including those operated by NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ( collectively , the Nickelodeon Sites and , individually , Site ) .
The Nickelodeon Group is a business unit of Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International , Inc .
By accessing any of the Nickelodeon Sites , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes what information the Nickelodeon Sites collect from users , including children , when they visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; how such information is used and stored ; when such information may be disclosed to third parties ; how users , parents , and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information ; and how information is protected .
Our visitors ' privacy is important to us , and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Nickelodeon Sites permitting such visitors .
Our privacy practices are guided by the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as well as data privacy laws in the United States and other applicable countries .
Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information .
For your convenience , the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy .
Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT .
The Nickelodeon Sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website .
In general , we collect three types of information :
Information that you actively give to us ( for example , during registration , sweepstakes , purchases or content submissions ) ;
Information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices ( such as your IP address , cookie ID , and other unique device identifiers ) ; and
Information we collect from third parties , including through your registered third-party social media providers .
For more detailed information regarding the information we collect , please go here
HOW WE STORE SUCH INFORMATION .
We store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary .
Despite such precautions , there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information .
If you think a third party has accessed your information , please contact us immediately as instructed below .
For more detailed information regarding how we store information , please go here
HOW WE USE SUCH INFORMATION .
In general , the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests ; enable you to take advantage of Nickelodeon Sites features and services ; personalize your experience and the advertising you see ; send you special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon , the Viacom family of companies , and on behalf of third-parties whose products or services might be of interest to you ; measure analytics ; and manage and improve the services available on the Nickelodeon Sites .
For more detailed information regarding how we use such information , please go here
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES .
Depending upon the circumstances , we may share collected information with ( a ) law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others ; ( b ) third parties we hire to handle certain activities ; ( c ) advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content , products or services ; ( d ) business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the Nickelodeon Sites ; ( e ) within the Viacom family of companies ; ( f ) in the event of a corporate transaction ; and ( g ) otherwise with your consent .
For more detailed information regarding our information sharing practices , please go here
WHAT INFORMATION OTHERS MAY COLLECT .
We may use a number of advertising networks , analytics service providers and other such companies to , for example , serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the Nickelodeon Sites .
These companies may use their own unique identifiers , and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours .
These companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
For more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information , please go here
YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION .
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you .
You can stop the delivery of commercial e-mail messages from the Nickelodeon Sites by following the instructions in e-mails you receive .
You may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you .
Parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and/or that no further information be collected .
For more detailed information regarding your control over your information , please go here and here
The Nickelodeon Sites are made available by the Nickelodeon Group .
If you have any questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator , c/o Nickelodeon Online , 1515 Broadway , New York , New York 10036 .
Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 .
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites , including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California
For more detailed information regarding who we are , please go here
I . INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE .
A . Registration Information
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins
Computer Information Collected By Us
D. Computer Information Collected By Others
E. Contests and Sweepstakes
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages
H. Interactive Features and Services
I. Wireless Marketing Services
Other Data Collection and Use
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety
D. Co-Branded Sites And Features
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
G. With Your Consent
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .
V. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES .
A . Reviewing Your Information
C. Termination Of Wireless Services
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites .
However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity .
A . Registration Information : The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests .
If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address .
For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted .
Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook Like or Google +1 buttons .
When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us .
When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information .
In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites .
Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you .
For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here .
For more information on Flux , please go here .
Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them .
Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( `` Computer Information '' ) .
We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as Tracking Technologies ) on the Nickelodeon Sites .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Tokens are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobe 's Pass service , to a user 's device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a user 's cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie .
The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites .
These Tracking Technologies collect click stream data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( Identifier ) .
An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the user 's mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription .
By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you .
You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Browsing Data ... sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Recent History ... sub-option of the History menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content .
D. Computer Information Collected By Others : The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , Third Party Advertising Service Providers ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( Targeting Services ) .
These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you .
Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect .
You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites .
Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :
You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :
The opt-out tools discussed above are cookie based .
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are browser-specific .
This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device .
It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) .
E. Contests and Sweepstakes : The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes .
To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes .
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner .
For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted .
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages : Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and wish lists of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends .
To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages .
Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent .
In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends .
In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements .
Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries .
G. Electronic Newsletters : Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners .
Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account .
When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian .
We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database .
The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails .
Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child .
See section V ( B ) below .
When a child provides a parent's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system .
H. Interactive Features and Services : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages .
For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records .
We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services .
I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law , appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices .
To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services .
Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material .
The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services .
Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
J. Geolocation Information : We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors .
By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above .
K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below .
Arcades : Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) .
Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number .
After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase .
Consumer Products : Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the `` Shops '' ) .
To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information .
These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites .
This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours .
Virtual Items/Memberships : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games .
When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address .
We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law .
Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below .
Other Data Collection and Use .
We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments .
We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) .
It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date .
We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so .
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below .
In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety .
You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public .
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others .
This email is not to contact us about the status of your account .
B . Agents .
Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services .
We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information .
Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services .
Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices .
The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest .
For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services .
These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies .
If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party .
If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have `` opted-in . ''
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you .
Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies .
For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here
D. Co-Branded Sites and Features
Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) .
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service .
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company .
G. With Your Consent
We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent .
The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S . While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site .
If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law .
Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices .
If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent .
If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information .
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access .
The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions .
We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information .
However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts .
Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements .
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES
A . Reviewing Your Information
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions .
To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access .
Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information .
You can download the form here .
We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
C. Termination of Wireless Services
You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites .
If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child .
Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available .
Some of the various guides are available here :
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies .
These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours .
We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .
In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein .
To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs .
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
Or email us at :
Or call this number :

PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
NET-A-PORTER ( `` NET-A-PORTER `` , `` we '' , `` our '' , `` us ) is a trading name of The Net-A-Porter Group Asia Pacific Limited .
We respect the privacy rights of its online visitors ( `` you '' , `` your '' , `` yours '' ) and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them .
We have adopted a corporate wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information that you provide us with .
As part of our commitment to your privacy rights and security , our website has been certified by Cybertrust .
The following information is provided by NET-A-PORTER to enable our online visitors to be fully informed of our Privacy Policies .
By visiting NET-A-PORTER.COM , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions .
What Data do we collect from you and how ?
What about Cookies ?
How your Data may be used , including anyone it might be shared with
Direct Marketing opt-in and opt-out provisions
How you can access and if necessary , change the Data NET-A-PORTER maintains
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints
If you are under 16 , we require that you inform a parent or guardian about NET-A-PORTER 's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions as well as requiring their consent to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions before registering or placing an order with NET-A-PORTER .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link and NET-A-PORTER is not responsible for any personal information you submit to third parties via our website .
Please ensure that you read the Privacy Policy of such other companies or organizations before submitting your details .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU AND HOW ?
NET-A-PORTER collects personal information which may contain personal data as defined under the Hong Kong Personal Data ( Privacy ) Ordinance ( Cap .
486 ) as amended from time to time ( Data ) in several ways when you place an order , buy a gift voucher for a friend or register for a service offered by NET-A-PORTER .
By registering , you are consenting to the collection of your Data .
If an order is placed with us , we need to hold your Data including your name , email address , phone numbers , home address , shipping and credit/debit card billing address ( es ) so that we can process and fulfill your order .
Saved card details will never be shared with third parties and will only be used to process your order , using our payment partner 's systems .
Additionally we may also obtain your Data as a result of authentication or identity checks .
Sometimes we may ask for your telephone number .
This number may be given to our courier for delivery services .
These details allow us to process your order and to let you know the status of your order .
Users of NET-A-PORTER TV will only have their name and email address processed in order to provide the service and respond to any complaints or otherwise where required by law on in connection with any legal proceedings or dispute .
What about Cookies ?
Our site uses cookies ( very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other access device ) which we can access when you visit our site in future .
There are four types of cookies :
These cookies enable you to browse the website and use our features such as shopping baskets and wish lists
We use these cookies to measure and analyse how our customers use the website .
This allows us to continuously improve our website and your shopping experience .
When browsing or shopping online , the website will remember preferences you make ( for example your user name , language or location ) .
This makes your browsing experience simpler , easier and more personal to you .
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts relevant to you .
In addition , they limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as helping us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns .
By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device and access them when you visit the site in the future .
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer , please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies .
Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site .
How your Data may be used , including anyone it might be shared with
NET-A-PORTER may use your Data for the processing of orders , payments and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience .
We will also use your Data to fulfill and deliver your orders and manage your account .
Data that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information .
Your Data may be transferred ( within or outside Hong Kong ) with the following parties :
other trading divisions within THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP Limited ;
our servers located in the European Union for storage and backup ;
where there is a legal obligation to do so , to any relevant government , judicial and regulatory body ; and
Third Party Service Providers as detailed below
We may also use your Data to send you marketing updates but only ever in accordance with your preferences ( as detailed in the next section ) .
We do not sell your Data to third party marketing companies .
We do collate information about site traffic , sales , wish lists , and other commercial information which we may pass on to third parties but this information does not include any Data which can identify you personally .
Finally , we may use your Data for our internal and demographic studies , together with non-personal data to monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our site design to better meet our visitors ' needs .
From time to time NET-A-PORTER may employ third party business partners to collect Data on NET-A-PORTER 's behalf and to assist NET-A-PORTER with its [ data hosting , email , debt collection ( only if applicable ) and customer ] services ( Third Party Service Providers ) .
In such cases , these Third Party Service Providers will be subject to confidentiality agreements and instructed by NET-A-PORTER to comply fully with the NET-A-PORTER Privacy Policy .
Direct Marketing opt-in and opt-out provision
We intend to use your Data in direct marketing and we may not so use your Data unless we have received your consent ( which includes an indication of no objection ) .
We would like to use the Data in our records including your name , [ phone number , email and/or correspondence address ] to send you marketing materials .
When you register , you will be given the option to opt-out of subscribing to our regular update service which will send you
Email and direct mail alerts for new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests , events of interest , and one-off marketing promotions .
Such alerts may include marketing information about clothing , shoes , bags and accessories offered by NET-A-PORTER and our subsidiaries , or products and services offered by our selected business partners .
We do not sell or otherwise pass your Data to third parties for their marketing purposes but the Data may be provided to subsidiaries and associated companies of NET-A-PORTER for informing you of their marketing information about clothing , shoes , bags and accessories .
Marketing communications you subscribe to will only be sent by The Net-A-Porter Group Limited .
At all times , we will offer you the opportunity to unsubscribe out of any service or update to which you have subscribed , if you change your mind .
Any e-mail we send you will contain an easy automated unsubscribe link so that you can opt-out of that particular mailshot .
Simply follow the indications in the e-mail .
Alternatively you can change your email preferences or opt out of all emails by logging into My Account .
How you can access and if necessary , change the Data NET-A-PORTER maintains
If for any reason you are concerned that the Data held by NET-A-PORTER is not correct , please visit the website and , after logging into the site using the `` Sign In '' menu on the home page , your Data will be made available for review and change in the `` My Account '' section .
Only you or , upon your request , the Customer Care department , may access your Data from the website using your password and User ID .
Your Data may be changed online within My Details , Shipping Details , and My Email Preferences .
You can change or delete saved credit/debit card details each time you make a purchase .
You will also be able to delete saved credit/debit card details by adding or editing a shipping/billing address .
If you change your billing or shipping address while your order is still being processed , the order will be re-processed through security validation checks .
We will not keep your Data longer than is necessary for fulfilment of the purposes specified above for which they are , or are to be , used .
Data provided by you is retained if the purpose for which the Data was collected still exists , it is so required by law , statute or regulation , or it is in the public interest .
WHERE AND HOW TO ASK QUESTIONS OR FILE COMPLAINTS
If you require further information about our Privacy Policy , please go to the help section of the web site where frequently asked questions ( FAQ 's ) are answered .
If you require more information please go to the Contact Us section of the web site and send an email to the relevant NET-A-PORTER department .
If you wish to talk to a NET-A-PORTER customer care representative please call +44 330 022 5700 or write to : c/o Data Protection Officer , The Net-A-Porter Group Asia Pacific Limited , 10/F Goodman Interlink , 39 Tsing Yi Road , Tsing Yi , New Territories , Hong Kong .

Your privacy is very important to us .
Accordingly , we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect , use , communicate and disclose and make use of personal information .
The following outlines our privacy policy .
Before or at the time of collecting personal information , we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected .
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes , unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law .
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes .
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and , where appropriate , with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned .
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used , and , to the extent necessary for those purposes , should be accurate , complete , and up-to-date .
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft , as well as unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use or modification .
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained .

Thank you for visiting NetDoctor .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our policy within this area .
If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy , we kindly ask you to leave the site .
NetDoctor 's site provides a number of services such as news , Ask the Doctor , online discussion forums , communities ( such as Smoking and Depression , containing special in-depth information ) , health-related programmes , voting polls , etc .
For some services , NetDoctor may require your e-mail address or other personal information such as your name , age , sex , health information , various habits and information for your profile .
Providing us with this personal and identifiable information is , of course , optional .
However , in some cases it may not be possible for us to provide the service in question without receiving specific information from you .
NetDoctor will use the information received to provide NetDoctor 's services and to improve the content of the site .
In order to provide the services , your personal data may in some situations be seen by third parties , such as doctors or operations and maintenance contractors repairing and maintaining NetDoctor 's technical systems .
Also , NetDoctor syndicates content from its site to its partners .
As a consequence , any information that can be seen on NetDoctor 's site may also be found on our partners ' sites , such as the discussion forums and Ask the Doctor services etc .
NetDoctor may further use the aggregate information to study statistical results and produce summary reports .
Such reports may be shared with NetDoctor 's partners and advertisers , but the reports will not disclose personally identifiable information .
Except from that stated above , NetDoctor will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information without your permission except under special circumstances , for instance if NetDoctor in good faith believes that the law requires disclosure .
Any information collected by NetDoctor will be treated confidentially .
Please remember that any information you reveal , including personally identifiable information in a public forum such as in a discussion forum or a chat , is not subject to this Privacy Policy and can be seen by third parties unrelated to NetDoctor .
It is therefore important that you carefully consider what information you disclose in these areas .
NetDoctor stores information only as long as it is necessary .
If your personal information changes ( such as your address ) or you no longer want to use one of our services to which you have subscribed , we will provide a way to correct , update , delete or remove your personal data .
This can usually be done by you at the member information page or by e-mailing our site administrator .
Information from our discussion forums , chats and services such as Ask the Doctor is stored in archives since it is considered useful to future users .
NetDoctor 's Security Policy
As a global company NetDoctor has many national sites and users all over the world .
When you provide NetDoctor with personal information , that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information .
In addition , that information may be used , stored and processed outside of the country where you entered the information .
Whenever NetDoctor handles personal information , regardless of where this occurs , NetDoctor takes every precaution to ensure that your information is treated securely , for instance by encrypting the information with SSL and by storing the information in a secure environment .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , NetDoctor can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to NetDoctor , and you do so at your own risk .
To give our users the best experience with our sites , a number of our web pages use cookies .
Cookies are small text files that we place on your computer to store your preferences .
Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering at one of our sites .
However , once you choose to provide the site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site-usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites .
For example , we may use cookies to personalise your experience at our web pages ( eg to recognise you by name when you return to our site ) and to save your password in password-protected areas .
Nielsen//NetRatings , an independent measurement and research company , gathers non-personal data regarding the visitors to our site on our behalf using cookies and code which is embedded in the site .
Both the cookies and the embedded code provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site , the duration of individual page view , paths taken by visitors through the site , data on visitors ' screen settings and other general information .
NetDoctor uses this type of information , as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site , to help it improve the services to its users .
If you wish to reject Nielsen//NetRating 's cookie , you can use the process set out below under 'How to find and control your cookies ' .
How to find and control your cookies
If you 're using Netscape 6.0
On your Task Bar , click Edit , then
If you 're using Internet Explorer 6.0
Choose Tools , then
Click the Privacy Tab
Click on Custom Level
Click on the 'Advanced ' button
Check the 'override automatic cookie handing ' box and select Accept , Block or Prompt for action as appropriate .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 5.0 or 5.5
Choose Tools , then
Click the Security tab
Click on Custom Level
Scroll down to the sixth option to see how cookies are handled by Internet Explorer 5 and change to Accept , Disable , or Prompt for action as appropriate .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 4.0
Choose View , then
Click the Advanced tab
Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon under Security and choose one of the three options to regulate your use of cookies .
If you 're using Internet Explorer 3.0
You can View , Options , Advanced , then click on the button that says Warn before Accepting Cookies .
If you 're using Netscape Communicator 4.0
On your Task Bar , click
Set your options in the box that says Cookies .
NetDoctor 's websites contain links to other sites .
Please observe that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website collecting personally identifiable information .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our website so our users may always know what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use the information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected .
Revised March , 2005
All rights reserved .

Information Collection and Use
Newegg.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to any outside parties , except as outlined in this policy .
We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information , such as order confirmations and order status updates .
Information collected includes your name , shipping address , billing address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , and payment information such as your credit card number .
We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information .
To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential , DO NOT share this information with anyone .
If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions , your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items .
In order to process your orders placed on this website , you must first complete the registration form .
During registration , you will be required to provide your contact information , which includes your name , e-mail address , telephone number and street address .
This information is used to provide you with important Newegg.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail .
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders .
During the order process , you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number , expiration date , money order , wire transfer or check information .
This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order .
If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this contact information to get in touch with you .
To properly process your credit card information , we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval .
This process is protected by an enhanced security system .
See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures .
We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties , except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy .
We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie .
If you choose to reject the cookie , you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise .
The Newegg.com shopping cart can not function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained .
If you disable cookies , Newegg.com will be unable to accept your online order .
We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party .
We will , however , link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site .
This allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , advertisers ) use cookies on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Newegg.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information , and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties .
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf .
These functions may include order fulfillment , package delivery , marketing assistance , postal and e-mail delivery , customer service , data analysis , and credit processing .
The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes .
942 South Shady Grove Road
Memphis , TN 38120
55 Glenlake Parkway , NE
Atlanta , GA 30328
475 L'Enfant Plaza , SW
Washington , DC 20260
We may frame or mask another website so that the look , feel and interface simulate the experience of browsing a genuine Newegg.com web page .
Extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites .
We only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices which parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping .
As our business continues to evolve , we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries .
Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions .
In such a situation , your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law , and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
The testimonials section of the Newegg.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences .
The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials .
Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.com .
Newegg.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion .
By posting your comment ( s ) or testimonial ( s ) ( `` Testimonial '' ) on our website , you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business .
You also are agreeing to the following : ( 1 ) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation ; ( 2 ) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo ( pen ) name credit ; ( 3 ) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us ; ( 4 ) We may use the Testimonial locally , nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media , information or communication platform ( including Internet advertising ) currently in use or later developed ; and ( 5 ) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial .
Other than your pseudo ( pen ) name , which we may or may not use , your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial .
Newegg.com does not sell products for purchase by children .
Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only .
If you are under the age of 18 , you may only use Newegg.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian .
We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13 .
Newegg.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children .
This website contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that Newegg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site , and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website .
Newegg.com takes precautions to protect its customers ' information .
When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline .
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as your credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL .
Newegg.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available : 128-bit encryption by VeriSign .
Access to all of our users ' information is restricted .
Newegg.com operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges .
Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information .
If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order , you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order .
For future transactions , you will be required to re-enter your information .
All Newegg.com servers , including web servers and database servers , are housed and maintained in secure locations .
Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access .
Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Checkpoint and Cisco firewalls and password protection .
The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment , inside a secured and locked room .
All backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room .
Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas .
Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization .
All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices .
Every quarter , in addition to any time a new policy is added , Newegg.com employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy , and what they can do to ensure that customers ' information remains protected at all times .
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Newegg.com permission to send them such information .
To honor the privacy of our users , we offer the option to not receive these types of communications .
At the time of your order , you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field .
Furthermore , all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news .
Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products , services , specials or Newegg.com news .
Please reference the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed .
Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Help section .
You must have your username and password in order to access your account .
In the event you forget both your username and password , please contact our customer service department for assistance .
For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving Newegg.com special offers and related news , Newegg.com provides several ways to do so .
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by un-checking the `` permission to send '' field when processing their orders .
Finally , they may use the link provided in all Newegg.com communications to automatically unsubscribe .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage .
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective June 1 , 2005 .
9997 Rose Hills Road
Whittier , CA 90601

Newgrounds has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site , Newgrounds.com .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
Your IP address is also used to help identify you for online voting .
Cookies , Web Beacons , Flash Cookies and Web Logs
When you log into the site , we set a persistent cookie , which will allow us to recognize you as an existing registered user and avoid the need to log into the site again .
You may clear these cookies in your browser after a session in which you have logged in .
Our web pages may also contain an electronic file called a web beacon that allows us to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies .
The Flash content on this site may contain Flash cookies put in place by the developers .
These are used to store game save data and serve third party ads .
We are not responsible for the use of these Flash cookies and do not share data with them .
We use Google Analytics to automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website .
This data is stored in files called web logs .
These web logs may include information such as your Internet Protocol address , browser type , browser language , the site you came from , the next site you visit and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser .
None of the data collected through web beacons , cookies , Flash cookies or web log data provides us with any personal information about you .
We use this data on an aggregated basis to analyze how our users are interacting with the site and to customize your experience .
If you are logged in to the site , we could associate information about your site usage that is collected by cookies , web beacons and web logs with your user account .
However , we do n't do this on an individual basis other than in cases of suspected abuse or illegal behavior .
See our policy below about Investigating Abuse .
Ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by CPM Star , our Web advertising partner .
Information about your visit to this site , such as number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , or other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to you on this site .
CPM Star or other advertising companies we deal with may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Advertisers & Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party ad servers , their affiliates , or individual advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site , cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , and we do not have access to this information .
Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , email address ) , unique identifiers ( like their email address ) , and demographic information ( such as their zip code or age ) .
Contact information from these forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
Unique identifiers ( such as email address ) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user 's identity , and for use as account numbers in our record system .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis .
If your account is linked to illegal activity or personal threats , your registration info will be made available to law enforcement personnel .
We do not collect home and / or cell phone numbers .
Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase items from our store .
We collect contact information ( such as email address ) from these forms to get in touch with the purchaser when necessary .
We collect mailing addresses for shipping purposes .
None of this information is shared with third parties .
Credit card information is processed via secure server and not saved on our servers .
Newgrounds is verified by Verisign as a trusted vendor .
If you are logged in when purchasing from the store , your order history will be saved .
You may choose to make individual purchases public on your user page .
You may also place orders without creating an account .
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information .
This information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
This site contains links to other sites .
Newgrounds is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
This site DOES NOT MEET the Online Privacy Protection Act guidelines .
This site has links that are unsuitable for children .
Special Rules for Children
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to become registered users .
If you are under 18 , we also ask that you not include any personal information in your user profile ( such as your name , city or date of birth ) or in your posts on the site .
We may use any information provided to us by a user , including personally identifiable information , along with any data gathered from our web logs and from third parties to conduct investigations , and we may disclose this information to third parties , including law enforcement officials , investigators , or private parties seeking to protect and enforce their rights ; if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order , judicial proceeding , legal process , subpoena or warrant ; we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; or we believe that your actions violate the law or our Terms of Use or threaten the rights , property , or safety of our company , our users , or others .
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners , and us .
This may be done from the account options page .
This site gives users the option of changing and modifying information previously provided .
This may be done from the account options page .
Contacting the Web Site

STATEMENT REGARDING PRIVACY POLICY
News Life Media Pty Ltd ( News ) recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers .
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement , the word customers includes visitors to our web sites , subscribers to and users of our services , purchasers of our products and advertising customers .
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) in relation to the handling of personal information .
Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the media exemption ( but complying with the Australian Press Council Privacy Standards ) , related bodies corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act .
We collect personal information when we provide our services to you .
Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information .
We usually collect personal information directly from you although sometimes we may use agents or service providers to do this for us .
We may also acquire lists from other sources , both from other companies and from other public documents .
We may automatically collect personal information by collecting and tracking the unique device identifier or the universally unique identifier of the devices you use to access our services .
If you access or log-in to one of our services through a third party social media service or connect your use of our service to a third party social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the third party social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have disclosed in connection with that social media service .
We do not collect your passwords other than in relation to our own services .
When you access our services through third party social media services or when you connect your use of our service to third party social media services , you are authorizing us to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We usually collect personal information such as your name , address , telephone number , and in some instances , your financial details .
When you are online , we collect information regarding the pages within our network which you visit and what you click on .
As a general rule we do not collect sensitive information .
However , if we do , it will usually be for the purposes of providing our goods or services and if the law requires us to , we will seek your consent to collect it .
We use your information to provide our services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) to you , to fulfil administrative functions associated with these services , for example billing , credit and account management , to enter into contracts with you or third parties and for marketing and client relationship purposes .
Where your personal information is contained within an advertisement which we publish for you , we may also use your information for publication of that same advertisement in other media , in accordance with the terms and conditions of the initial publication .
Where your personal information is contained in a user generated post or in a communication to an editor or journalist , we may publish your name and suburb to identify you as the author of the comment/correspondence if we choose to publish your comment/correspondence in any media .
We may share your information with other companies which are related to News Corp Australia within or outside of Australia .
We or they may also , in addition to the other uses described in this policy or as permitted at law , use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our products and services and any of us might be in touch to let you know about goods , services , or promotions which may interest you .
If you log in with or connect a social media service account with any of our services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your comments with other users of our services and with your friends associated with your social media service .
We may also share the same information with the social media service provider .
By logging in with or connecting your account for any of our services with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy .
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your account for any of our services and do not participate in social sharing on any of our services .
We may disclose your personal information in order to comply with Australian or foreign law .
Use by Third Parties
News may disclose your information to its service providers ( including technical infrastructure providers ) and contractors ( including mail houses or debt collection agencies ) from time to time but only to help us to provide , improve and market our goods and services .
We may also share your information with third parties who provide prizes for competitions or reader offers .
If we do any of these , we generally require the third parties to protect your information at least to the same degree that we do .
If you have consented to us doing so , News may also share your information with a third party for the purpose of enabling those third parties to contact you with marketing messages .
Use of Aggregate Data
We may collect and use certain non-personal information ( e.g. , the identity of your Internet browser , the type of operating system you use , your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider ) to optimise our goods and services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) including our Web pages for your computer .
We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes , including but not limited to improving the content of our sites .
News may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our goods and services including our Web sites and make them more responsive to the needs of our customers .
This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by News or provided to others as a summary report for marketing , advertising or research purposes .
News strives to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of our customers .
We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse , loss or unauthorised use or disclosure .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure .
Access to Personal Information
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why .
To request access , please contact our privacy officer as set out at the end of this document .
Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information .
While News strives to protect and respect your privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board .
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies can facilitate a user 's ongoing access to and use of a site .
They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising .
If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature .
But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services .
Online Links to Third Party and Co-Branded Sites
News may establish relationships with business partners that allow visitors to our Internet sites to link directly to sites operated by these partners .
Some of these sites may be `` co-branded '' with our logo ; however , these sites may not be operated or maintained by or on our behalf .
These sites may collect personal information from you that may be shared with us .
This Privacy Statement will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner .
News is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our sites .
These links are meant for the user 's convenience only .
Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship , endorsement or approval by News of the content , policies or practices of those third party sites .
Once you have left our site via such a link , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site .
What else you should know about privacy on the internet
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session .
This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet caf .
You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer .
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the internet .
Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy .
Privacy Officer , News Corp Australia
2 Holt Street , Surry Hills , NSW 2010
We may amend our privacy policy from time to time and personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently stated policy .
We will post all changes on this page so you should revisit this page from time to time to see any changes .
The date of the last update will inform you as to whether there have been changes since your last visit .
Last updated : 21 June 2013

Home News In-Depth Articles Opinion CultureLab Galleries Topic Guides Last Word Subscribe Dating
Look for Science Jobs
This website is owned and operated by Reed Business Information Limited
Information we collect from our customers and users of our websites may be used in the following ways .
Personal information provided as part of the registration process for any publication , product or service is used to manage your subscription and to enable us to provide a better service .
Any information provided by you in connection with any transaction regarding your credit or debit card numbers , expiry date and billing or delivery address will be used by us to process the transaction .
These details will be stored on a secure server and may be used by us to facilitate and personalise future transactions with you .
If you do not wish us to store and use the information for future transactions , please contact us .
We will use contact details provided by you as part of any registration process ( i.e . your name , job title , telephone and fax number and your email and postal addresses ) to provide any product or services requested by you and also to tell you about important changes to relevant subscription services and their functionality .
Contact details other than email addresses will be used by us and by our associated companies to provide you with information about other services and products which may interest you and may also be disclosed to third party businesses and advertisers for the same purpose .
If you do not wish to be contacted for this purpose , you may register your preferences by clicking here .
We will not use or disclose your email address for marketing purposes unless you have agreed that we may use or disclose it in this way .
You may at any time opt-out of receiving further emails by registering your preference here .
We may ask for further information about you as part of online surveys or if you enter any competition or other promotional feature .
This information will be used to enable us to improve the relevant publication , product or service and may also be disclosed to other companies as specified in the relevant promotion .
Aggregate statistical information provided by us to our advertisers or others regarding sales or website usage will not include personally identifying information .
Your personal data will be held on a secure server .
Our sites are equipped with the latest security devices/firewalls .
Under the Data Protection Act 1988 .
You have the right to be told what personal information we hold about you on our databases .
You should write to us , attn Company Secretary at the following address : Quadrant House , The Quadrant , Sutton , Surrey SM2 5AS .
UK stating your full name , your address and any of our publications or services to which you know you subscribe .
A small administrative charge may be made for fulfilling this request .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit .
They are widely used to make websites work , or work more efficiently , as well as to provide information to the owners of the site .
Newscientist.com requires cookies in order to operate fully .
We also work with advertisers who place cookies on your computer to serve and target adverts more effectively when you visit the site .
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through browser settings .
Further information about the cookies used by newscientist.com is provided below .
Cookies used by newscientist.com :
The following cookie categories are based on the classification presented in the International Chambers of Commerce ( ICC ) Cookie Guide .
Category 1 : Strictly necessary cookies .
These cookies are essential to allow us to provide services that you have requested .
Category 1 cookies used by newscientist.com :
Login status - To identify you as being logged in to our website .
Load balancing - Cookies may be used to distribute traffic across our web servers - to ensure that our websites perform well and give you the best possible experience .
Shopping basket - Shopping basket cookies remember what is in your shopping basket .
User subscription data - Subscription cookies allow us to ensure that you can access resources that you have registered for or paid for .
Category 2 : Performance cookies .
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website , for instance which pages visitors go to most often .
The information collected by these cookies is aggregated , so these cookies do n't collect information that identifies individual visitors .
The information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve the way our website works .
Category 2 cookies used by newscientist.com :
Web analytics - Web analytics cookies are used to improve the design and user experience of our website by providing statistics on site usage and pages visited .
Embedded videos - Most videos on NnewsScientist.com are hosted on Brightcove and YouTube .
These sites use cookies to collect video statistics and improve site experience .
Category 3 : Functionality cookies .
These cookies allow us to remember choices you make ( such as your user name , language or the region you are in ) and provide enhanced , more relevant features .
Category 3 cookies used by newscientist.com :
User preferences - Preference cookies remember settings you 've applied to this site such as layout , default views , search filters , number of search results per page and , video bandwidth .
Login information - Login cookies may be used to communicate your login details across pages of this website .
These data are encrypted and not shared with third parties .
User profile data - Email addresses , address and contact information .
These are not shared with third parties .
Category 4 : Targeting or advertising cookies .
These cookies are used to deliver adverts that are more relevant to you and your interests .
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign .
They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator 's permission .
They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers .
Category 4 cookies used by newscientist.com :
Advertising cookies are used by third parties to gather and send information to other websites so that they can present you with adverts that you might be interested in .
These cookies can be linked to clicks on 'Like ' or 'Share ' buttons which may be used on this site .
Newscientist.com uses the following third- party advertising networks :
DoubleCclick ( Google )
You may choose to decline these cookies by visiting the following sites :
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
Google advertising opt-out page
Tremor Media opt-out page
Brightcove privacy policy ( includes cookie information )
In addition , third-party advertisers run adverts on newscientist.com and use their own advertising networks .
If you would like to block cookies being set by third-party networks you may do so through the preference settings on your browser .
Campaign tracking cookies are used to monitor how effective adverts , promotions and e-newsletters are .
Newscientist.com runs its own campaigns through :
DoubleCclick ( Google )
You may choose to decline these cookies by visiting the following sites :
Google advertising opt-out page
In addition , third-party advertisers run campaigns on newscientist.com .
If you would like to block cookies being set by third-party networks you may do so through the preference settings on your browser .
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted here .
Last updated : 6 November 2008
Stonehenge Man : not just a pretty faceMovie Camera
18:40 03 January 2014
Forensic analysis of a prehistoric skull gives the UK 's most iconic monument a human face
Entangled spies : Why the NSA wants a quantum computer
18:10 03 January 2014
If the NSA succeeds in building a quantum computer , what might the agency use it for and how could citizens preserve their privacy ?
Today on New Scientist
17:45 03 January 2014
All the latest on newscientist.com : a land of make-believe , buying clothes online that fit , charging gadgets on the go , a wrinkly planet and more
Gecko feet will let robot minions fix space stations
17:01 03 January 2014
It may look like a circuit board stuck to the ceiling but this sticky-footed climbing robot is paving the way for a mission in orbit
see all latest news
Our liver vacation : Is a dry January really worth it ?
GPS satellites suggest Earth is heavy with dark matter
2014 preview : Paralysed teen scores in Brazil
Replacement artificial heart keeps first patient alive
Try mixed reality , where the virtual and real collideMovie Camera
This week 's issue
Cover of latest issue of New Scientist magazine
Staff at New Scientist
iOS & Android apps
Earth & Environment Jobs
Maths & IT Jobs
Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd .

Newsmax Media , Inc. , including newsmax.com , newsmaxhealth.com , moneynews.com , newsmaxworld.com , lignet.com , fbtalliance.com , shop.newsmax.com , the Newsmax Magazine Mobile Application , and any other affiliated sites or mobile applications operated by Newsmax Media , Inc. ( the Newsmax Offerings ) , is committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to the Newsmax Offerings as described by this Privacy Policy .
BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF OUR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS .
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS INDICATES TO US THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT ANY CHANGES THERETO , WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY REVIEWED EITHER THE POLICY OR ANY CHANGES THERETO .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Data ( as defined below ) on the Newsmax Offerings , how we protect such data , and the choices you have concerning our use of such data .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy represents our current ( as of the last updated date , above ) data collection and usage practices .
Newsmax will from time to time review and revise these practices .
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here .
Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , `` Newsmax '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , and `` our '' means Newsmax Media , Inc. and its affiliates .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Newsmax Offerings .
We are not responsible for the privacy of any information ( i ) that you reveal or post in any public forum that may be or in the future become available on the Newsmax Offerings , such as message boards or chat rooms , ( ii ) that is available now to the general public through no action or fault of Newsmax , or ( iii ) that Newsmax receives from any third party reasonably known to have a legal right to transmit such information and under no obligation to keep such information confidential .
We are also not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties that may be linked to or from the Newsmax Offerings .
Collection of Personal Data
Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , e-mail address , postal address , or phone number ( `` Personal Data '' ) .
Newsmax may collect Personal Data from you when you enroll in , subscribe to or agree to purchase any of our paid goods and services , or register for news alerts on the Newsmax Offerings .
In addition to information collected during registration , enrollment , subscription or purchase , Newsmax may collect Personal Data knowingly provided by you in e-mails to the Newsmax Offerings , online forms , order and registration forms , surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and contest entries .
Providing this information is always at your option , although your failure to provide Personal Data in such instances may limit your ability to use such features of the Newsmax Offerings .
In all of these cases , we will collect Personal Data from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
We will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personal Data other than as specified in this Privacy Policy , unless we have your consent to do so .
We may , from time to time in emails , alerts or other mailings you have agreed to accept from us , include advertisements , sponsorships , other offers from or information about third parties .
This does not and will not mean that Newsmax endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties .
Such materials from those third parties , regardless of their relationship with us , are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites .
You do not have to provide us with any Personal Data to visit the Newsmax Offerings .
However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections or use all features of the Newsmax Offerings .
Collection of Monitoring Data and Use of Tracking Tools
In addition to Personal Data , Newsmax and service providers it engages may collect and/or track information that by itself is not used to identify you personally or to contact you , such as demographic information , domain names , computer type , browser types , screen resolution , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Newsmax Offerings ( `` Monitoring Data '' ) .
We use Monitoring Data to help us understand who uses the Newsmax Offerings and to improve Newsmax 's websites .
To enhance the Internet experience on the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax and service providers it engages may use various Internet technologies such as , cookies , ' web beacons , ' action tags , ' web bug , ' .gif tags , ' and JavaScript ' ( together , `` Tracking Tools '' ) .
Tracking Tools are files or tools that are placed on your computer in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Newsmax Offerings .
Newsmax uses these technologies to customize and enhance the Internet experience of individual users .
When you revisit the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax may recognize you by a Tracking Tool and customize your experience accordingly .
For example , once you have completed the registration process , a cookie will be used to remember your registration preferences .
You may decline Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software , if available .
If cookies are disabled , however , all features of the Newsmax Offerings may not operate as intended .
Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider 's website .
We believe Tracking Tool technologies add value to the user experience , and the information obtained through these technologies is not sold or otherwise made available to third parties by Newsmax , other than as may from time to time be specified in this Privacy Policy .
Use and Sharing of Data Collected
Newsmax may use Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects for editorial and feedback purposes , marketing and promotion , statistical analysis of users ' behavior , product development , delivering products and services , providing customer support , customizing and improving the content and layout of the Newsmax Offerings , completing business transactions , administering individual accounts and meeting government regulatory requirements such as sales tax collection .
Monitoring Data may be used for internal or external purposes such as researching and identifying market segments and needs .
Newsmax may share your Personal Data and other data collected with service providers , affiliates , and subsidiaries in connection with the services we provide .
Newsmax may disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary ( a ) to comply with applicable laws , rules , or regulations , or to preserve Newsmax 's legal rights in the Newsmax Offerings ' content , whether the same arises from contract or through force of law ; ( b ) to provide you with any services , information , special offers , promotions or products you requested or consented to and to allow us to perform other activities related to such services and products ; or ( c ) to operate these Newsmax Offerings and other of Newsmax 's systems properly .
Newsmax may also share your Personal Data with a sponsor or other third party that is interested in serving you ( `` Third-Party Providers '' ) .
You may instruct us at any time not to share your Personal Data with such Third-Party Providers by contacting us in the manner provided under `` Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use '' .
Newsmax is not responsible for any further use or disclosure of your Personal Data by Third-Party Providers ; such use or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers ' privacy policies .
Newsmax reserves the right to transfer Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects to successors to the relevant portion of any of Newsmax 's businesses or to independent contractors it engages to assist with or perform on Newsmax 's behalf any of the foregoing activities .
Also , if Newsmax 's assets are subject to a claim in bankruptcy , Personal Data and Monitoring Data may be an asset subject to the claims of a trustee in bankruptcy and may be available to Newsmax 's creditors .
In addition , Newsmax reserves the right to use Personal Data to contact you regarding your account status and changes to this Privacy Policy or any other policies , agreements or transactions relevant to your use of the Newsmax Offerings .
Newsmax will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity of the collected data so that it is reliable and appropriate for the foregoing uses .
Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use
You may choose to receive promotional correspondence from Newsmax and its marketing partners by checking the appropriate box when you register or by contacting Newsmax via telephone at 800-485-4350 .
Newsmax will not share any Personal Data with a third party without giving you the opportunity to choose to share such Data .
You may modify , correct , change or update Personal Data that Newsmax has collected via the Newsmax Offerings or request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via the telephone number indicated below .
In any instance , our removal of such information may require you to register again with Newsmax in the event you later wish full access to the Newsmax Offerings .
You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove or verify each and every record of information you have provided to us from our system .
The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Data may exist in archived systems .
However , promptly after receiving your request , all Personal Data stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed , deleted or confirmed to you , as appropriate , as soon as reasonably practicable .
The Newsmax Offerings may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties ( `` Other Sites '' ) , either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you .
Newsmax does not endorse , and is not responsible for , the privacy practices or the content of these websites .
You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites .
Newsmax has established reasonable precautions to protect collected Personal Data from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction , which include contractual , administrative , physical , and technical steps .
Technical measures include use of firewall protection and encryption technology where appropriate .
Although Newsmax takes reasonable precautions to assess the reliability of such technology , it relies on the statements of the vendors of those products and services as part of its security evaluation .
BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT TO THE FACT THAT NEWSMAX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR FAILURES OF SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THAT YOU SHALL HAVE RECOURSE SOLELY AGAINST THE MANUFACTURERS OR VENDORS THEREOF .
Please note that while Newsmax has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and mobile application ( s ) for users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from Newsmax or the Newsmax Offerings or via e-mail can not be guaranteed .
Contact Information for Newsmax
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , please call : 800-485-4350 , or mail : Newsmax Media , 1501 Northpoint Parkway , Suite 104 , West Palm Beach , FL 33407 .
If you choose to contact Newsmax via e-mail about this policy , please mark the subject heading of your e-mail `` Privacy Inquiry . ''
Urgent : Should Obamacare Be Repealed ? Vote Here Now !

At NewsNow , we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
Where the context allows , references to `` NewsNow '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' include any of our affiliates .
This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information that we may collect about you when you use the Site .
By providing us with any personal information you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site .
The information we collect from you
How we use your personal information
Managing your personal data
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
The information we collect from you
We may collect , store and use personal information when you use the Site .
We collect any information your web browser sends us in the normal course of your use of the Site and by using the Site you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may from time to time collect additional personal information ( for instance , if you submit an enquiry , register with us or subscribe to a service or mailing list ) .
If you submit an enquiry , register for a NewsNow account , subscribe to a service ( which includes free services , paid-for services and subscribing to one of our mailing lists ) , we will ask you to provide your name and email address .
We may also request other personal information in order to be able to provide specific services or to service your requests , which will be specified at the time you sign up for those services or submit such requests .
Personal information is information about you that identifies you personally and is not otherwise publicly available .
When you request a web page or any other content from the Site , it is usual for your web browser software automatically to send us your computer 's IP address , software model and version , operating system , screen resolution and ( depending on your browser ) other details of the specifications of your browser , computer and operating system .
Some browsers allow you to control such data .
It is not usual for such data to contain your email address or other personal information .
We may retain correspondence with our users by email and post , as well as records of any correspondence by telephone .
We may also record and collect certain anonymous traffic data , such as pages visited , links to and from the Site clicked and services used within the Site .
This information is not personal information and generally is not aggregated with personal information .
We generally use such traffic data to improve our services to you and to customise and enhance your experience of the Site .
We may transmit cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identify your NewsNow account or your browser .
Cookies are small text files that ( depending on your browser settings ) are deposited on your computer 's hard drive when you visit a site and may be sent back to that site when you visit again .
Our use of cookies is governed by our Cookie Policy .
How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information as follows :
to provide and customise our services ;
if you register/subscribe for any of our services , to process and administer your registration/subscription ;
to perform any contract that you may conclude with us ;
to perform auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve or develop our services ;
to generate aggregate anonymised statistics ;
to ensure the technical functioning of our network ;
to protect the rights or property of NewsNow or our users ; and/or
for any other purposes to which you consent .
We maintain a `` no spam '' policy .
Your email address may be used to send you information and to contact you in relation to NewsNow services and to offer you the opportunity to sign up for new services .
Such communications may include advertising or sponsorship elements .
Where you have consented to our doing so , we may offer you services from carefully selected third parties .
We may share your personal information with any of our affiliates , in which case your information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy .
We may engage trusted third parties to process your personal information on our behalf .
We may also use computer systems owned by third parties to provide our services and to process your personal information .
In such circumstances your personal information may be transmitted to and from such systems by secure channels .
Normally , such computer systems remain under NewsNow 's exclusive control and your personal information will not be shared with the third parties owning such systems .
The above third parties do not have any independent right to share your personal information .
Where any such third party 's systems are not under NewsNow 's exclusive control , we will endeavour to ensure that such third party will process your personal information securely , in confidence , and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may publish , or share with third parties , aggregated non-personal data , which will not identify you individually .
We may also send an anonymised version of your information to third-party advertisers or advertising providers for the purposes of displaying customised advertisements on a NewsNow web page and/or to third-party traffic-analysis providers for the purpose of generating aggregate and anonymised data on which pages users visit and the general characteristics of the computers and networks employed by those users .
Your browser may also automatically send certain data to such third parties directly .
If we become involved in any prospective or actual transaction with a third party relating to our company , our business or substantially all our assets , we may share your personal information with such third party .
We will endeavour to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transaction until ( if at all ) such personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may share your personal information if we believe in good faith that access to or use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary ( a ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) to enforce any contractual rights that we may have in relation to the services we provide to you , ( c ) to detect , prevent or otherwise deal with fraud , security or technical issues or ( d ) to protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of NewsNow , our employees or contractors , our business partners , our users or the public ( `` Necessary Purposes '' ) .
Some of our affiliates and/or the above third parties may be based ( and/or may use computer systems that are located ) in countries outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) , including countries with privacy laws that may be different from ( and less protective than ) those of EEA countries .
We will endeavour to ensure that such persons treat your personal information securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We may transfer your personal information to such persons who may store and process it .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems where we store personal information .
We restrict access to personal information to our employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
Those persons are bound by confidentiality agreements and will be subject to appropriate sanctions if they fail to comply with those agreements .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Others may intercept the personal information you provide to us , so any such transmission is at your own risk .
The Site is controlled by us from our offices in the United Kingdom .
If you choose to visit the Site from outside the United Kingdom , you do so at your own risk , with the understanding that information collected from the Site may be collected , stored and used in a country whose privacy laws may be different from those of your home country .
Managing your personal data
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that we process is accurate , complete and current , but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary .
When you use our services , we endeavour in good faith to provide you with access to your personal information and , at your request , either to correct such information if it is inaccurate or to delete it ( unless we believe in good faith that we reasonably need to retain such information for any of the Necessary Purposes , as defined in the `` Information sharing '' section above ) .
If such information is to be deleted , please allow three working days for this to take effect .
If you make a request concerning your personal information , we will require you to identify yourself and the information that you wish to access , correct or have removed .
We may decline to process requests that are unclear , unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardise the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information contained in back-up records ) .
Where we process such requests , we will perform this service free of charge , except where doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
Please note that our business partners or other websites that may be accessible via the Site may use cookies or other tracking technology , over which we have no control .
In particular , third parties may use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information as a result of serving advertisements through any services ( including , but not limited to , mobile sites , applications and device platforms ) that we may own and/or operate .
We do collect IP addresses and we may attempt to infer your approximate location from your IP address where ( a ) providing you with any location-related services , ( b ) responding to location-related enquiries and/or ( c ) endeavouring to improve your experience of the Site ( such as in trying to provide you with more relevant and useful content , services and/or advertisements ) .
We will not , however , disclose any personally identifying location-based information in relation to advertisements to any third-party advertisers or advertising providers unless we obtain your consent to our doing so .
NewsNow links to websites or other services owned and/or operated by third parties .
We are not responsible and accept no liability for the privacy practices of such websites or other services .
This Privacy Policy applies only to our services .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If so , we will post the revised version on the Site .
You are encouraged to check the terms of such revised versions .
If the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice and/or email notification of the changes .
Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date , and we will also keep previous versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review .
If you use the Site after the date on which this Privacy Policy has been changed , we will treat such use as your consent to the revised Privacy Policy .
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal information , please contact us here or write to us at :

( Last Updated : November 15 , 2005 )
At Newsvine , Inc .
( `` Newsvine '' , `` we , '' or `` us '' ) , we are committed to ensuring the privacy of our users .
By using our Site , you consent to the terms of this Policy .
What is Personal Information ?
Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual , such as a user 's name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card or other account number , and information about that individual 's activities when directly linked to that person such as information about his or her purchases or use of services .
Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth , gender , geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you .
Personal information does not include `` aggregate '' information .
Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of products , services or users from which individual user identities have been removed .
In other words , information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service , but no personal information will be included in the resulting data .
Likewise , information about the products you purchase may be collected and combined with information about the products purchased by others .
Aggregate data helps us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new products and services , and tailor existing products and services to user desires .
Personal Information We Collect
You provide personal information to us in a number of ways when you visit our Site or use the various services and activities available on our Site .
For example , you provide us with personal information when you : ( 1 ) register on the Site ; ( 2 ) participate in a survey , contest or sweepstakes on the Site ; ( 3 ) participate or make postings in any forums , chat rooms or other interactive areas of the Site ; ( 4 ) submit/post an article or comment to the Site and voluntarily include your name or other personal information ( including , without limitation , any personally identifying photographs or images you submit/post ) ; or ( 5 ) contact us by email for any reason ( such as to request customer service or provide us with your comments/feedback ) .
We collect your name and email address in this manner .
If you request or apply for compensation from us for your articles , comments or other submissions to the Site , we will collect certain additional personal and demographic information from you ( including , without limitation , your full legal name , address , date of birth and social security number ) .
We also collect personal information from you if you submit a job application or resume to us via email .
Personal information collected in this regard includes your name and email address , as well as other employment related information that you provide to us in the resume and/or application .
When you visit our Site , some information is also automatically collected , such as your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , operating system and browser type and the time and date of your visit .
This information is collected through the use of `` cookies . ''
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer by a Web site to give you a unique identification .
We also use cookies on our Site to keep track of services you have used , to record registration information regarding your login name and password , to ensure you do not repeatedly see advertisements , to record your user preferences and to keep you logged into the Site .
We treat automatically collected information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the personally identifying information mentioned above .
Otherwise , it is used in the aggregate only .
Additionally , we use , and allow third parties to use , Web beacons on the Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes .
Web beacons are small , graphic images on Web pages or Web-based documents or in email messages that allow us or third parties to monitor who is visiting the Site or if the email has be read .
Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer that the Web beacon is sent to , the URL of the page the Web beacon comes from and the time it was viewed .
Web beacons may be linked to your personal information .
We may use third parties , called third-party ad servers or network advertisers , to deliver ads to you on our behalf .
These third-party ad servers may use cookies , Web beacons or other technology to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Site in order to use it to present advertisements that may be of interest to you .
How We Use the Information We Collect
In general , we use personal information to process your requests or transactions , provide you with products and services , and inform you about other products or services we think will be of interest .
For example , we use the information we collect to :
contact you for administrative purposes or provide you with customer service ;
complete transactions requested by you or to verify that you have submitted an article or comment ;
respond to any questions , problems or complaints , or request feedback ;
organize the Site and its various services and activities to better serve you and customize or develop our products and services ; and
send you emails or other communications containing information about products and services that you might find of interest .
Personal information provided on our Site may be linked together or merged with other personal information we obtain about you so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our business partners .
In addition , if we receive personal information from third parties with whom we have business relationships , we may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you .
In either case , this Policy governs this information .
We do not sell , rent or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy .
We share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business .
These functions may include , for example , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance and processing payment transactions .
In all cases we limit the information shared with our third-party vendors to that which is necessary to carry out those functions .
We are not responsible for any information you provide to these parties directly , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them .
We also disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law ( e.g. , a lawful subpoena , warrant or court order ) ; to enforce or apply this Policy or our other policies or agreements ; to initiate , render , bill and collect for amounts owed to us ; to protect our or our users ' rights , property or safety ; to protect our users from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful use of , our Site ; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay .
In addition , information about our users , including personally identifiable information , may be disclosed as part of any merger , acquisition , debt financing or sale of company assets , as well as in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets .
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site contains links to other Web sites .
Links from our Site to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only , and we do not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties or other sites .
Any personal information you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
Newsvine , Inc .
101 Elliott Ave. West
Seattle , WA 98119
If , in the future , we decide to share personal information with any third parties for their own direct marketing purposes ( or that of another third party ) , we will update this privacy policy to reflect such change and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure of your personal information .
Please note that opting out of receiving communications from us will not prevent you from receiving administrative communications , such as those concerning the operation of the Site or about an article or comment you have submitted .
We do not intend , and the Site is not designed , to collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under 13 years old , you should not register with or otherwise provide personal information to our Site .
We use reasonable security measures in an effort to prevent loss , misuse and alteration of information under our control .
We can not , however , guarantee protection of all information against interception , misappropriation , misuse , or alteration , or that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others .
Furthermore , we have no control over the security of other sites you might visit , interact with or do business with .
Information you provide through the Site is protected by an encryption technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to ensure privacy and security during transmission .
Your registration information is accessible online only through the use of a password .
To protect the confidentiality of personal information , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password .
Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused or otherwise misappropriated .
We will modify this Policy if our privacy practices materially change in the future .
We will notify you of such changes only by posting the new policy on our Site and indicating at the top of the Policy the date it was last updated .
We encourage you to review the Policy each time you visit our Site to see if it has been updated since your last visit to make sure you understand how personal information you provide will be used .
Questions / Additional Information
Newsvine , Inc .
101 Elliott Ave. West
Seattle , WA 98119

Nextag , Inc. - Website Privacy Statement/Your California Privacy Rights
Effective September 10 , 2010
Nextag respects your privacy and we want you to be confident in sharing your information with us .
This Website Privacy Statement is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect from users , how we use that information , and the circumstances under which we will share it with third parties .
This Website Privacy Statement applies only to the Websites .
It does not apply to your use of any other websites ( whether or not operated by us ) , including any websites to which we provide links or websites of our partners or advertisers , or to any activities which are not online .
Please note that some features and/or services referenced may not be available on some Websites .
Therefore , portions of this Website Privacy Statement that pertain to such features or services may not be applicable on each of the Websites .
Nextag has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe certifies the sites identified when you click on the TRUSTe seal .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
This Website Privacy Statement is effective as of the date listed above .
Even if you read and/or agreed to a prior privacy statement , you need to review this updated version .
We reserve the right to revise this Website Privacy Statement at any time and at our discretion .
If we decide to change our Website Privacy Statement , we will post those changes to this Website Privacy Statement accessible on the homepages of the Websites , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If , however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection , we will notify users via either email or by posting a notice on the Websites for 30 days .
Personal Information and How We Use It
Generally , you may use some features the Websites without providing us with any personally identifiable information , but on some of our Websites , users have the option of providing various personal information to make the best use of available services and features and certain services and features require that you provide personal information .
This section describes what we collect and how we use it .
Providing your personal information is always voluntary , and you can always choose not to provide your personal information by choosing not to use the service or feature .
By providing your personal information you acknowledge and consent to our use of such information in accordance with this statement .
INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY YOU
Zip Code and Email Address : On some of the Websites , you have the choice of providing your ZIP Code or email address if , for example , you would like to receive local services or information from us .
Account or Profile Information : On some of the Websites , you may be able to become a registered user and create your user profile .
When you decide to become a registered user , we ask for some basic contact information , such as a username and your ZIP Code and email address .
If you purchase products through a Nextag Store ( described below ) , you may enter additional account information .
You also may choose to provide other information about yourself , either as part of your public profile or otherwise , such as your age , gender or interests .
We may use the information that we collect or receive to create a user profile in connection with your account .
A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that detail their viewing preferences , activities and interactions .
Order Related Information Through Nextag Stores : We provide some of our merchants with the ability to create an online store through which they advertise their products .
We refer to these merchant stores as `` Nextag Stores '' .
We provide payment processing services for Nextag Stores , but all sales are sales by the merchant .
Our privacy policy will apply to information that we collect or receive and the merchant 's privacy policy will apply to information that we or you provide to the merchant .
You may provide us with information as you use Nextag Stores , such as :
Order and Account Related Information : To purchase from a merchant through a Nextag Store , you will pay by using our online payment processing service ( our `` Payment Processing Service '' ) , and we will collect your information that is needed to process the order , such as credit card and related information like your billing address .
Your credit card information is not provided to the merchant .
We will also collect information that is needed for your order , such as your shipping address , the products that you purchased , and the date on which you made and/or completed the order or purchase .
Customer Service : You may elect to provide us with information about your Nextag Stores purchase , such as customer service requests or information about merchant issues .
Complete Contact Information : If you wish to be contacted by a merchant or service provider , such as an educational institution , we may collect your full name , email address , phone number , as well as other information that may be appropriate for the service , and we provide that information to the relevant merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) .
We also may request that you complete a questionnaire , which may require you to disclose personal financial , contact , and other information that is relevant to the service ( `` Service User Information '' ) .
You may elect not to provide Service User Information , in which case you will not be able to receive the service .
Content or Correspondence Submitted By You : If you choose to post content on any of the Websites where posting is available ( for example , a product or merchant review , or wish list ) , or submit personal correspondence to Nextag , we may collect and maintain that information in a file specific to you .
Lists : Some of the Websites allow you to create lists of products that are interesting to you .
The default for certain lists is for the list to be publicly available .
You may change the privacy setting of your lists as provided on the Websites .
Framing : Please note that in some instances we utilize framing techniques , which make it appear that you are on our site when you are actually on a third party Web site .
If we frame a questionnaire on the third party site , then you are actually completing the questionnaire directly on the third party 's site .
The privacy policy that governs the collection and use of the information will be present on these pages so you always know whose privacy practices govern the collection and use of the information that you submit .
We collect certain information on the Websites through cookies , web beacons or log files , and we receive information from third parties .
Cookies and Web Beacons : A cookie is a piece of data tied to information about the user and stored on the user 's computer .
Web beacons are similar in function to cookies and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
We use both session cookies , which terminate when a user closes his browser , and persistent cookies , which remain on the user 's computer until manually deleted .
We and/or our third party advertisers also use web beacons .
Log Files : Like most standard website servers we use log files .
Log files store information including internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks , and are used to analyze trends , administer the Websites , track users ' movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We use your IP address at times to help identify you as you browse and to gather broad technical and demographic information on who uses our Websites .
We do not tie log files to personally identifiable information .
Third Party Information : We may receive information about you from other sources .
For example , we may receive product search or purchase information from merchants whose sites you visit after clicking on a product listing on our site , updated delivery and address information from shipping carriers or other third parties , updated or corrected contact information from third party vendors , or credit or related information as part of vendors ' fraud detection services .
PEOPLE UNDER 18 YEARS OLD
Our Websites are not intended for use by people under eighteen ( 18 ) years of age .
If you are under 18 , please do not send any information to us .
By accessing Websites or using our services , you represent that you are 18 years of age or older .
The information that we receive about users , including profile information , allows us to provide a number of different services on the Websites .
We may use your ZIP Code to provide you with localized services , such as computing TruePrice , which reflects the cost of shipping and sales tax , and matching you with local service providers for some of the matching services we provide ( e.g. , educational opportunities or products or services available locally ) .
We may use your email address to provide you with certain information or updates ( such as Price Alerts , our newsletters , or deals notices ) if requested by you , facilitate your provision of product or merchant reviews , or match you with participating service providers in areas where you have requested information .
We may use the account information to manage your account , facilitate the use of certain features of our Websites ( e.g. , personalized product recommendations , suggestions of content that may be of interest to you , TruePrice prices , submission of product/merchant reviews and creation of your lists ) and to send you information about our company , services and products or offers from our partners and advertisers .
We may use information about your use of our and our partners ' sites , such as your searches or browsing history and the products you have purchased , to make recommendations or suggestions to you and to provide you with advertising that is more relevant and interesting for you .
If you have requested information from a service provider ( such as an educational institution ) , we may use information about you to match you with the appropriate service providers in our system .
We use cookies in a number of ways to make your use of our services more enjoyable , useful and easy .
We create cookie files on your hard drive through your browser and use them , for example , to save information on your Nextag username , ZIP Code and Website preferences so you can avoid re-entry of this information each time you visit our Websites , and to display certain usage information that may be helpful for you , such as your recent searches and recently viewed items .
Cookies also help us to deliver content and advertisements specific to your interests .
For example , we may use cookies to collect anonymous information about your use of our sites and services ( including your browsing history , the terms you searched , the products you viewed , etc . ) and your interaction with our advertisements that are served on the Websites or other sites .
We also may allow our advertising partners to use cookies to collect this kind of anonymous information .
This information is not associated with your personally identifiable information .
We or our advertising partners may use this anonymous use and browsing information to customize your experience on the Websites , to improve the Websites and our services such as by analyzing what content or services are helpful or interesting to users , or to provide you with advertisements that are tailored to your interests , both on our sites and on third-party sites .
We also may provide your anonymous use and browsing information to third parties to allow them to provide you with advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
You may decline our cookies if your web browser software permits , although this may prevent you from accessing certain features on our Websites .
Web beacons help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content and which campaigns are effective .
In addition , we and our advertisers may use clear gifs in HTML-based emails .
This allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of our communications and our marketing campaigns by showing how many emails recipients have opened .
We also utilize web beacons to enable Nextag or third parties to provide you with advertisements , both on our sites and on third-party sites , that are tailored to your interests .
We do not tie web-beacons to personally identifiable information .
In addition to the uses described above , we may use your personal information for any of the following :
To contact you regarding the status of your inquiries relating to services or products listed on our Websites .
To contact you regarding account status , changes to this Website Privacy Statement , our Terms of Use or other terms applicable to your use of the Websites .
To contact you to confirm your service inquiry , to confirm , complete or update your Service User Information or registration information , or for any other business reason related to your use of our Websites .
To contact you in response to a customer service question from you , or in relation to any issue arising in respect of the agreement between Nextag and you , or to resolve or attempt to resolve a dispute between users or between Nextag and you .
To process credit card payments approved in advance by you and help us establish and verify your identity .
To process , service or enforce , or send related communications regarding , transactions you make using our Payment Processing Service .
To allow you to send an email to another user who is listing an item for sale on our site , where available .
To assist law enforcement or other governmental agencies investigating cases of possible illegal activities by third parties .
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other agreements , and protect the rights , property or safety of our users or others .
To improve the experience of using the Websites , improve Nextag 's products and services , improve marketing and promotion of our products and services , customize the Websites ' content and layout , and generally improve the Websites to meet your needs better .
To change your preferences regarding your use of the Websites and our use of that information , including for the purpose of providing you with advertisements that may be of interest to you , please click here .
Who We Share Your Personal Information With
Publicly available information : Certain information that you provide , such as your lists , is publicly available unless you choose to make it private .
You may control the information that is publicly available by signing into your account and adjusting your settings .
Aggregated information : We aggregate personal information into statistics about users , their usage of the Websites , traffic patterns , and demographics .
We may provide third parties with such statistics , but never in a way that would make the information personally identifiable .
This data is aggregated from millions of users who visit the Websites each month .
Merchants and Service Providers : If you choose to submit to us your complete contact information as part of a request to be contacted by merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) , we will supply to the merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) your complete contact information and those merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) will contact you using your information regarding the specific query that you have provided .
Merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) that receive your complete contact information may contact you regarding other products and/or services .
If you choose to submit to us a questionnaire which includes Service User Information , we may provide the information submitted in your questionnaire along with additional information we obtain about you based on your Service User Information , such as your credit information , to any of our participating merchants or service provider ( s ) who may provide the products or services to which your request relates .
Your submission of the questionnaire will be your consent to our disclosure of your submitted information to any such merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) .
Nextag does not have control over the use of the Service User Information once provided to merchant ( s ) or service provider ( s ) , and your rights in respect of their treatment of your information will be governed by their own policies .
If you decide to purchase products through a Nextag Store , we and the merchant ( s ) from whom you purchase may share information about you , such as shipping and other contact information , as appropriate in connection with your order , such as to process , fulfill , provide customer service related to the order , or to send related communications ( e.g. , order confirmation and status ) .
We do not provide your credit card number to the merchant ( s ) .
Service Providers : We may from time to time use external service providers to facilitate , improve or outsource elements of , our service or operation of the Websites , including processing credit card transactions , sending emails , and providing marketing assistance or analysis .
We may provide your information to , or exchange your information with , these service providers for use in their provision of services to us , such as fraud protection and credit risk reduction or marketing analysis .
These external service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions or services to us , but may not use it for other purposes .
Business Transfer : We may share your information with companies that are affiliated with us , that is , are our direct or indirect subsidiaries or parent or sister companies .
As we continue to develop our business we might buy or sell companies , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information is generally one of the transferred assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy statement .
In the event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired , your information may be one of the transferred assets and we may share it with an actual or potential acquirer .
Legal Requests and Customers ' Requests : We may release information from or about you to cooperate with law enforcement officials and third parties to enforce all applicable laws including but not limited to laws relating to intellectual property rights , fraud , and other rights .
We also may release information from or about you without a subpoena , court order or other substantially similar legal procedure to law enforcement entities or third parties when we believe release is necessary to comply with the law ; to protect our rights , property , or the integrity of the Websites , or the rights or property of our merchants/service providers , customers , users or third parties ; or to prevent or investigate illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threat to the physical safety of any person , or violation of our Terms of Use or other agreement between you and us .
Further we can ( and you authorize us to ) disclose information from or about you to consumers who have alleged fraud or any other consumer dispute relating to their transactions and/or communications with you .
Other Trusted Parties : We may provide your contact information and other personal data to trusted third parties so they may provide information to you on products and services that may be of interest to you .
Accessing and Changing Your Personal Information
Registered users can review personally identifiable information by signing in using your member name or email address and password and then clicking on your `` Account '' link .
Notwithstanding any request from you , we may retain a record of your information that is necessary to comply with applicable law or as necessary to manage your account .
To view or change your preferences regarding your use of the Websites and our use of that information , including for the purpose of providing you with advertisements that may be of interest to you , please click here .
You also may add new credit card or shipping information , or modify existing credit card or shipping information , by accessing your Account page .
Notwithstanding any request from you , we may retain a record of your information that is necessary to comply with applicable law or as necessary to manage your account .
If you use Nextag Stores , you may elect to store your credit card information with us .
If we store your credit card information , we will store it on secure servers .
For more information on how we protect your credit card information , please refer to Section 7 below .
For access and changes of any other data , please contact us at the address below .
Upon receipt of your request , which may be subject to identification verification , we will provide you with reasonable access and comply with appropriate data correction requests in accordance with applicable law .
For access requests , we will respond within thirty ( 30 ) days upon receiving your request .
You should also note that if we have provided your information to third parties , you will have to make a separate request to them directly if you want to have your information removed from , or corrected in , their databases .
Third Party Advertising and Links to Third Party Websites
Some of the advertisements that appear on the Websites are delivered or served to you by third-party Internet advertising companies .
These companies use certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and also use cookies , clear gifs or similar methods to collect information , such as anonymous data about your visit to and use of the Websites and your interactions with their advertisements .
These companies may use this information and information that they have collected from other web sites to provide you with advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that these companies may use , and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party Web sites are not covered by this Website Privacy Statement .
Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices .
The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies ( also called `` ad networks '' or `` network advertisers '' ) , including information about how to opt-out of their information collection practices .
We understand you may not want to receive promotional email from us or from our partners and advertisers .
You can choose to opt out of receiving promotional email communications from us by selecting to opt out if and when you register on our Websites , by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email communication you receive from us , or by contacting us directly .
You can stop us from sharing your contact information with our partners and advertisers for direct marketing purposes either by selecting to opt out if and when you register on our Websites , by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email communication you receive , or by contacting the partner or advertiser directly .
Please note that opting out may prevent you from receiving email from Nextag regarding updates and improvements to the Websites or offers and promotions that may interest you .
In some cases we request that you submit personal information in order to forward this information to our partners that have products or services in which you may be interested .
In the event we share this information with our partners ( e.g. , lenders or educational institutions or service providers ) , we no longer have control over the use of such information and your rights regarding such use will be governed by the policies of our partners .
You will then have to contact them directly with any opt-out request .
We may collect information about your interaction with our advertisements by using advertising cookies .
To opt-out of these advertising cookies , please click here .
We may allow advertising partners to record that you have visited the Websites to allow us to provide you with relevant advertising on the partners ' sites .
To opt-out of these partner advertising cookies , please click here .
To change your preferences regarding your search , browsing and purchase history and our use of that information , including to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you , please click here .
Security Measures to Protect Your Personal Information
The security and confidentiality of your information is very important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and improper use .
We review our security procedures on a regular basis to consider new or updated and appropriate technology and methods .
Please be aware , however , that no method of transmission of information over the Internet , or method of electronic storage of information , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
To help ensure that your credit card information is secure , we use secure sockets layer ( SSL ) software ( which encrypts the information you input ) when you give us your credit card information , and we reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming your order .
All of your credit card information is encrypted .
Once we store your credit card information , it is not displayed anywhere on the Websites other than in the Account Management section as described in Section 4 above .
Please note that anyone with your password can access your information and account , and it is important that you use a strong password and protect your password from unauthorized use .
Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of California who are registered users and use our service for private , family or household purposes to request certain standard information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes ( including a list of categories of data disclosed in the previous calendar year and names and addresses of data recipients ) .
To make such a request , please contact us as provided below .
Internet Crime Complaint Center
Nextag wants your Internet surfing experience to be safe .
Help protect yourself .
If you believe you have been a victim of Internet crime you can file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center ( IC3 ) , a partnership between the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the National White Collar Crime Center .
If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Statement , the practices of the Websites , or your use of the Websites , please contact us at :
Nextag , Inc .
2955 Campus Dr. , 3rd Floor
San Mateo , CA 94403

Effective Date : August 16 , 2001
Updated : September 3 , 2013
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
This privacy policy ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) applies to this website ( the `` Website '' ) .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you .
The Website is operated by NFL Enterprises LLC on behalf of the National Football League and the other members of the NFL Family ( as described in Section 4 below ) ( `` we '' , `` our '' , or `` us '' ) .
We have contracted with third parties , including , without limitation , NeuLion , Inc. , to operate certain aspects of the Site on our behalf , such as the following subscription products : Audio Pass , Game Pass , Game Rewind and Red Zone ( collectively , the `` Subscription Products '' ) .
We own the information collected via the Website and we may use it for our own purposes , including marketing .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on the NFL.com website ; it does not apply to any other information collected or obtained through other means or information collected by the thirty-two individual NFL member clubs ( the `` Member Clubs '' ) .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
NFL Enterprises LLC complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
NFL Enterprises LLC adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
When this Privacy Policy uses the term `` personally identifiable information '' or `` personal information , '' we mean information that identifies a particular individual , such as your full name , street address or email address .
When other information , such as a favorite team or player , is associated with personal information , it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy .
Types Of Information That May Be Collected
How Information May Be Collected
How We Use The Information Collected
With Whom The Information May Be Shared
Links To Other Websites
Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards
A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy
Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy And Notification Of Changes To The Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Questions About This Privacy Policy
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED
The following are the types of information we may collect :
Information You Provide Us
In the course of using the Website , we may ask you to provide us with certain information , including contact information , such as your name , mailing address , email address , phone number , or fax number ; unique identifiers , such as your user ID , or user password ; demographic information , such as your date of birth or age ; and financial information , such as your credit card number or similar information .
We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website , such as your click-stream data and your IP address .
See `` IP Addresses and Click Stream Data '' section below .
When you open emails from us , we may receive a confirmation notifying us that you opened the email , if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates .
Additionally , we keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive .
If you would like to opt-out of receiving such emails , please click on the `` unsubscribe '' link in the email and follow the instructions .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you ( e.g. , missing street number ) from other sources and add it to your personal information .
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website , including but not limited to those described below :
You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website may choose to offer , such as newsletters or contests .
Your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive ; however , please be advised that many products and services available on the Website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information , you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services .
We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Website that will require registration or the submission of personal information .
Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes ( see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used , including postings to the Website ) .
From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll .
Participation is voluntary , and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website .
At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey .
When you register to play games on our Website , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information .
As with many websites , the Website uses a technology called `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a collection of information that gets stored on the hard drive of your computer when browsing the Internet .
These small bits of code automatically identify your browser to the Website whenever your computer is used to visit the Website .
Cookies also let us know how many people visit the Website and where visitors go on the Website .
In addition , cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information , like how many times a user has been on certain pages .
For registered users , cookies can make using the Website easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences .
By tracking how and when you use the Website , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on data obtained from cookies .
Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Website .
Cookies may also allow the Website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time .
Some areas of the Website , however , may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies .
We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology
The Website uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites .
We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on the Website , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Website .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send to determine whether the recipients have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable .
IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data .
An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
Standing alone , your IP address is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors , for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of the Website .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information we obtain from you directly on the Website or any other of our other websites , or from third parties .
Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request pages from the Website .
Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information .
When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Website , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like .
If you conduct a financial or other transaction with the Website , such as subscribe to a Subscription Product or other products/services offered on the Website , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including contact information , demographic information and/or financial information .
In some instances , we may direct you to a third party vendor site to collect this information from you directly .
Even though the collection form may have the look and feel of NFL.com , please be aware you will be giving your information directly to the third party vendor , and that in some instances such third party vendor 's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information .
Please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns .
We and/or our vendor will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested , i.e . to deliver the information , products or other services that you request or purchase , to invoice you , and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy .
For your protection , financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
We own the information collected on or through the Website .
As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :
contact you about the Website ;
provide you with services or information you have requested or products or services you have ordered , such as subscription plans or other products and services
contact you relating to your membership status ;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made ;
inform you of a prize you may have won ;
monitor or improve the use of the Website ;
customize the advertising and content you see ;
monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Website ; and
send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties .
WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
At times , as described below , we may share your personal information with others for various purposes :
Agents : We employ other businesses ( e.g. , NeuLion , Inc. ) , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , providing the Subscription Products , sending email , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Website analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use or disclose it for other purposes , like sending you marketing offers about their products .
Aggregate Information : We may share aggregate information , such as demographics and Website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations .
When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information .
Option to Receive Third Party Offers : Throughout the Website you may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers sent from third party ( s ) .
Such opportunities will give you the choice to share your personally identifiable information with such third party ( s ) as necessary to receive such information or marketing offers .
If you do not elect to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will not be shared with such third party ( s ) .
If you do choose to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) solely for the purpose of permitting such third party ( s ) to provide you with such information and marketing offers .
Such third party ( s ) is/are not authorized by us to disclose your personally identifiable information to any other third parties .
Please be advised that if you elect to provide your personally identifiable information in response to such third party ( s ) marketing offers or otherwise , all information you disclose to such third party ( s ) will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information to such third party ( s ) .
Products or Services Offered in Partnership with Third-Party ( s ) : Certain products and/or services available on the Website are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services .
Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration .
If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services .
Subsidiaries and Affiliates : We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with all members of the NFL Family , including , without limitation , our subsidiaries and affiliates ( e.g. , NFL Properties LLC , NFL International LLC , NFL Enterprises LLC , NFL Ventures , L.P. , and NFL Ventures , Inc. ) , and any of the Member Clubs ( each of whom has its own privacy policy , which is available on each Member Club 's respective website ) .
Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services : We may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website and other websites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in .
Audience and Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the Website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity .
Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Website cookies , the Website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser .
Cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Other companies ' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Business Transfers : In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party , or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred , all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer .
You will be notified of such a transfer in accordance with the `` Changes to the Policy '' section below .
E-mail Deployment : We may share email activity data with our agents to help such agents better target email deployments sent on behalf of us and such agent 's other clients .
While such third party may have access to your email addresses and email activity , and may share bulk/non-specific activity data with third parties , no email addresses or specific email activity will be shared .
If you wish to opt out of this sharing , please opt-out of receiving emails from us by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link in the email and following the instructions .
Administrative or Legal Process : We or others may disclose your personal information to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law , law enforcement agencies , to protect our or third parties ' rights , or to protect the rights of other users of the Website .
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
You should be aware that when you are on the Website you could be directed to other websites beyond our control .
For example , if you `` click '' on a banner advertisement , the `` click '' may take you off the Website onto a different website .
This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and marketing partners that may use the Website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement .
These other websites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
If you visit a website that is linked to the Website , you should consult that website 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
The Website incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration .
Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software .
Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access .
Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS , AND MESSAGE BOARDS
The Website and the NFL Mobile application ( `` NFL Mobile '' ) may make chat rooms , forums , commenting and message boards available to you and other users .
You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so .
If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
In addition , when you post a comment to NFL Mobile , the user name with which you registered for the Website and your current location will be made publicly available on the Website and through NFL Mobile .
By using the commenting features of the Website and NFL Mobile , you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed .
We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board .
Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY
The Website is a general audience website .
On the Website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen .
If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C . 6501 et seq . ) including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consent .
For more information about the privacy practices for our affiliated website , NFLRush.com , which is directed to children , please consult the privacy policy at that website .
The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources .
Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience .
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Website , you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make a material change to the way in which we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will post a notice on the Website and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address .
We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the Privacy Policy , as modified , if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website thirty days after a notice is posted .
Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address .
If your personally identifiable information changes ( such as your email address or zip code ) , or if you no longer desire to have access to the Website , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you have provided to us .
We will respond to your request within 20 business days .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of the National Football League who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
NFL Digital Media Group
345 Park Avenue , 5th Floor
New York , NY 10154
Attn : Website Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy governs the practices of NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC ( `` NHL ICE '' , the operator of NHL.com , NHL.tv and NHLNetwork.com ) and its affiliates , which include NHL Enterprises , L.P. , NHL Enterprises Canada , L.P. , NHL Enterprises B.V. and the National Hockey League ( collectively , the `` NHL Parties '' , `` us '' , `` our '' and `` we '' ) .
The NHL Parties are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us .
Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information .
Collection of Personal Information
The NHL Parties and their agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances .
For example , when you visit NHL.com or NHLNetwork.com , we may collect personal information from you such as name , home address , e-mail address , age , favorite NHL team , purchase history , products used or searched for , phone number used to call customer service and credit card information for purposes such as events and contests ; registrations for our newsletter , multimedia offerings such as NHL GameCenter LIVE , social media pages , chat rooms , bulletin boards and other public forums such as NHL Connect ; shopping in the shopping area at shop.nhl.com ( the `` Shop '' ) ; bidding on and purchasing items in the auction area at auction.nhl.com ( the `` Auction Site '' ) ; and participation in other promotions and interactive online activities .
We may collect personal information with your consent or as required or permitted by law .
Specifically with respect to the Shop , we may collect personal information , for example , when you register , sign in , search , purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the telephone number used to call customer service and , if you visit our Shop , information collected through `` cookies '' ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) .
In addition a third party may actually operate the Shop and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Shop described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Shop and in connection with processing transactions at the Shop .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website .
Specifically with respect to the Auction Site , we may collect personal information ( including credit card information ) , for example , when you register , sign in , search , bid on or purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service .
We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the email addressed used to contact customer service and , if you visit the Auction Site , information collected through `` cookies '' ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) .
In addition a third party may actually operate the Auction Site and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Auction Site described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Auction Site and in connection with processing transactions at the Auction Site ( which may include providing your personal information ( including credit card information ) to the vendors of the items you have bid on so that your purchase can be fulfilled ) .
Additionally , certain third parties ( such as companies that run certain fantasy games on the website , and/or companies that run certain public forums like NHL Connect ) may collect personal information from you and share some of the personal information with us .
On these parts of the website , you will see additional information about the privacy practices of the companies who actually collect the data , including information on how to opt out of having these companies use your personal information for purposes unrelated to providing you the services that you are requesting from the website .
These companies and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by these companies .
Web sites of NHL member teams may also collect personal information from you .
These NHL member team web sites contain privacy polices ( sometimes referred to as privacy statements ) that you should review to understand how the applicable NHL member teams may use your information .
The NHL member teams and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by the NHL member teams .
If you choose to register for any NHL member team web sites at the same time as you register for one of our web sites , the terms of the Privacy Policies for such NHL member team web sites are incorporated herein by reference .
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send marketing communications to you .
We may use other personal information you provide , such as your favorite NHL team , to send you particular communications that we believe will be of interest to you .
We may also share personal information amongst the NHL Parties and with the member teams of the National Hockey League for this same purpose .
The NHL teams have informed us that they will enable you to opt out of receiving information from them .
While most of our fans appreciate receiving marketing communications and having their personal information shared with NHL teams , we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is used .
If you do not want us to provide your personal information to our teams , or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can opt out when the personal information is collected .
In addition , if you are receiving marketing communications from us and wish to unsubscribe , you can do so by following the opt out instructions contained in the marketing communications you receive from us .
For example , each of our marketing email messages contains an unsubscribe link that you can use to opt out of receiving marketing communications .
We may also use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send you offers from our marketing partners and other business partners , and we may share such personal information with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly , if you have opted to receive information from such partners .
In addition , if you are a customer of our Shop residing in the U.S. , and have opted to have us do so , we may furnish your personal information to entities ( `` Market Researchers '' ) we believe to be trustworthy that may use this information to identify you as a prospect for one or more of the Market Researchers ' customers .
If they so identify you , they may provide and cross-reference information , including personally identifiable information , to certain of the Market Researchers ' customers , who may contact you regarding services or products that may be of interest to you .
If you have opted not to receive communications from us , we may share that information with third parties who send communications relating to our products or services to ensure that you do not receive those communications .
Personal information may be used or disclosed among the NHL Parties ( which includes organizations outside of Canada ) for internal audit , management , billing or administrative purposes .
We do provide personal information to agents who perform services for us or supply goods ( such as fulfillment companies ) , including companies outside Canada .
These agents are contractually prohibited from using the personal information for any purposes other than as directed by the NHL Parties , subject to requirements in relevant jurisdictions , including foreign jurisdictions , applicable to those organizations .
For example , we may also share your personal information such as name , address and telephone number with certain third parties such as manufacturers of products you purchase to complete or ship your order or assist manufacturers with your questions concerning products offered by the Shop .
Additionally , we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
We may also employ other companies ( including Market Researchers ) and individuals to perform functions such as fulfilling orders , customizing products , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , performing credit checks and approvals , detecting fraudulent orders , processing credit card payments , collecting on delinquent accounts and providing customer service , and we may share your personal information with these companies and individuals .
In addition , we may use information automatically collected from you , including the telephone number used to call customer service and information collected through cookies , for uses such as customer service and detection of fraudulent orders .
We may also use aggregated , non personally identifying information collected from you when shopping at the Shop to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to analyze site usage , improve our content and product offerings , and generally to improve the Shop and better tailor it to meet your needs .
Personal information may be used by the NHL Parties and disclosed to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing , securitization , insuring , sale , assignment or other disposal of all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets , including for the purpose of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction and to fulfill reporting , inspection or audit requirements or obligations to such parties .
In the event that all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets is sold , assigned or otherwise disposed of , personal information we have collected will be used and disclosed by such parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this Privacy Policy .
We also use personal information for : maintaining records for reasonable periods , and generally managing and administering our activities ; meeting legal , regulatory , insurance , security and processing requirements ; and otherwise with consent or as permitted or required by law .
The NHL Parties may otherwise disclose personal information as necessary to meet legal , regulatory , insurance , audit and security requirements , with your consent , or as permitted or required by law .
Note that a third party may actually operate the Shop and use and disclose your personal information for that purpose among other purposes .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website .
NHL member teams may use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the privacy policies set forth on their web sites .
You should review the privacy policies for NHL member team web sites to understand how the NHL member teams may use your information .
The applicable NHL member team and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by such NHL member team .
From time to time , we may place a `` cookie '' on your computer .
Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well .
A cookie is a file written to your computer 's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage , such as your IP address , computer and connection information such as browser type and version , operating system and platform and domain name .
In addition , if you visit our Shop , we may also use cookies to collect information such as purchase history , Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) , clickstream to , through and from the Shop , including date and time , cookie number and products you viewed or searched for , as well as to hold selections in a shopping cart when you leave the Shop without checking out .
( Note that a third party may operate the Shop .
The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop .
Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website . )
If you submit personal information to our web site ( such as your name , interests or preferences ) , we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits .
We use cookies to enable features such as our QuickPoll , our Shop , contest administration and for other internal site administration purposes .
In addition , our ad servers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other web sites to customize delivery of advertisements to this and other web sites .
You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies .
If you decline acceptance of cookies , however , you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site .
Web servers operated by us , and by third party service providers and advertisers , may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit , as well as your IP address or domain name .
We may use this information for various purposes , such as tailoring our web site content , targeting promotional messages , and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our web site .
We may also provide this information on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers .
We use third party analytics service providers to analyze the user experience on our websites by incorporating tracking pixels , agents or any other visitor identification technology that collects anonymous data .
No personally identifiable information is ever collected from these analytics service providers .
This analysis is performed using anonymous data collected from our websites .
Consent may be given by your authorized representative ( such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney ) .
When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information , we assume you consent to its collection , use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described at the time of collection , subject to any uses and disclosures you have opted not to participate in .
In some circumstances , we may expressly request your consent to the collection , use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information .
In some limited circumstances where permitted or required by law , we may collect , use or disclose your personal information without your consent , for example , to collect a debt that you owe to us , to comply with a court order or to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency .
You may withdraw your consent to our collection , use and disclosure of personal information at any time , subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice .
Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information , we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services .
We have adopted reasonable security measures , appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information , against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss or destruction of personal information .
These measures may include technological , physical and organizational methods of security .
Access , Correction and Contacting Us
We maintain a file of the personal information you provide , which is accessible at NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , 1185 Avenue of the Americas , 11th Floor , New York , NY 10036 .
Only authorized employees and agents of the NHL Parties who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties will have access to the information .
Upon written request , you have the right to access your file and to challenge or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you that is in our possession or control .
In some limited circumstances , we may not be able to grant you access to your information , for example , if doing so would threaten the security of another individual .
Please note that the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites contains links to websites that are not operated by the NHL Parties .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites , and we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site that you use to confirm that the site 's policies are acceptable to you .
The nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites are operated by NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , for the benefit of the National Hockey League member teams , our affiliates and corporate sponsors .
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California law , certain customers who are California residents have a right to prevent disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes of the customer 's personal information that he/she provided to us .
Some web browsers may transmit do-not-track signals to the websites with which the user communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , and there currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization ( i.e. , the World Wide Web Consortium ) , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , although , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Changes to Privacy Policy
The NHL Parties reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time .
If this Privacy Policy is modified , we will post the modified Privacy Policy and the date of the modification on this website .
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms .
Your continued use of the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time .
This Privacy Policy relates to all on-line and off-line activities of the NHL Parties .
Children 's Privacy Statement ( users under 13 years old
We take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously .
It is the intention of NHL ICE , the operator of this website , and the other NHL Parties to fully comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Guidelines promulgated by the Children 's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau .
In general , we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 ( `` children '' ) via the website , and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting personal information on the website , such as in our fan chat rooms .
We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose personal information to participate in the activities in any KIDS section ( s ) of our website .
From time to time , we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests .
In those cases , the child will be asked only to provide an email address , as well as his or her parent 's email address .
Upon receipt of the information , we will send an email to the parent indicating that the child has registered , providing information on the program and giving instruction on how the parent can remove the child from the promotion or contest .
We will then use the information only to notify the contest winners and their parents that they have won .
We require that the winner 's parent provide us with all information needed to award the prize .
Information collected during the contest will not be used or stored after the contest ends , other than as needed for legal requirements in connection with the promotion .
In no event will NHL.com collect any personal information from children in connection with an on-line contest or promotion other than email address and parent 's email address .
In no event will NHL.com use the personal information other than for purposes of awarding contest prizes .
We may also post information on the website about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information ( such as home address or favorite hockey team ) to enter .
For these contests , children will be required to print a paper entry form from the website and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us .
Children are not permitted to independently provide personal information via the website or to enter these contests online .

Your privacy on NHS Choices
IP address and the website you came from
Includes your first name , last name , email address , postcode and other personal information you provide .
Use of personal data
Uses navigation data in services provided by NHS Choices and third parties .
For more information see our cookies policy .
Some health campaigns are supplied with advertising data .
Uses navigation data and personal information to enable us , and third parties to tailor the services provided to you .
We will never share personal information with any third parties without your consent .
Navigation data is shared with trusted third parties providing analytics or advertising .
The Department of Health is the Data Controller for NHS Choices under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We will process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act .
The purpose of the privacy policy is to inform you as a user of NHS Choices about what information we collect when you visit the service , how we use the information , whether the information is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users ' privacy .
We want you to feel secure when using the website and associated services .
We are committed to respecting your privacy .
Below we give an overview of how we do that .
How do we use your information
We analyse information to see what is most effective about our website and associated services to help us identify ways to improve it and to make it more effective .
We may also use information for other purposes , which we would describe to you at the point when we collect the information .
What information do we collect when you use NHS Choices
We collect information indirectly and directly .
This is commonplace across all internet services to enable the investigation of issues such as malicious use .
This information is then kept in our internet access logs .
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways .
One way is by using cookies .
Cookies are small files of information that save and retrieve information about your visit to our site , such as how you entered our site , how you navigated through the site and what information was of interest to you .
This information is collected for a number of reasons , for example , to help develop the website and associated services .
The cookies we use identify you merely as a number .
If you are uncomfortable about the use of cookies , you can disable them by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your internet browser .
However , disabling cookies may affect our ability to provide services to you ; if certain cookies are disabled you may not be able to access the service .
See our Cookies policy for more information on the cookies we use .
We also collect information when you give it to us .
For example , you may register to use the message-posting facility called 'Patient feedback ' .
When we collect this type of information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used .
It is completely up to you whether you provide it , but not providing information may affect our ability to provide services to you .
The social media bookmarking sites that NHS Choices links to are third-party sites and NHS Choices does control the way these sites use your information .
If you choose to access these sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you that may be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours .
You should read their privacy policies carefully to find out what happens to any information that is collected by these services when you use them .
Videos from NHS Choices - whether viewed on the website , in emails or embedded in third-party sites - are supplied ( streamed ) to users by a third-party company , Brightcove .
A product called TubeMogul is used by Brightcove to compile statistics for NHS Choices , such as what videos have been watched and when ; it uses an anonymous tracking cookie and stores no personal data .
For more information , see the Brightcove privacy policy and the TubeMogul privacy policy .
Use of NHS Choices tools on third-party sites will be tracked .
No personal data is collected by the tools .
Information gathered by NHS Choices includes the user 's IP address , the web page a tool is accessed from , and how many times it is accessed .
In some cases , tracking is used to show user journeys through a tool .
This information is the sole property of NHS Choices and will not be shared with third parties .
All NHS Choices tools store the number of times a user has visited the tool .
Some tools also store state ' information so that when a user returns to a tool it is in the state ' they left it in .
Information submitted as a part of NHS Choices content held on Twitter and Facebook will be subject to their privacy policies .
For more information , see the Twitter privacy policy and the Facebook privacy policy
How long do we hold this information
We will hold the information for as long as we are providing you services .
If you do not access the services provided by NHS Choices , for instance , open or click through one of the emails for more than a year , we will send you an email asking you to confirm that you wish to continue receiving NHS Choices emails .
If you do not respond to this email within one month we will unsubscribe you .
We will remove all personal information we hold relating to you , which you registered with us , within six months of you unsubscribing from NHS Choices .
We hold this information for a further six months following unsubscription , as we may need to use it for statistical analysis or if you choose to resubscribe .
Be assured that if you unsubscribe you will not receive further information from us .
Will we disclose your information to , or share it with , other organisations
As a government department , we do not share data with other organisations unless the law permits us to do so .
We do not sell individuals ' information .
We will share it only with our authorised Data Processors , who must act at all times on our instructions as the Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Before you submit any information , we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is up to you whether you provide it .
We may give you access to your information
You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and , if we do , to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate .
You can do this by contacting the Data Protection Officer , Department of Health , Skipton House , 80 London Road , London , SE1 6LH .
Your data is kept under secure conditions
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our service .
The open nature of the internet means that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended .
Our intention is that this should not happen and we take measures to ensure that it does not .

This Portal is designed , developed and hosted by National Informatics Centre , Government of India .
Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy and currency of the content on this Portal , the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes .
In no event will the Government or NIC be liable for any expense , loss or damage including , without limitation , indirect or consequential loss or damage , or any expense , loss or damage whatsoever arising from use , or loss of use , of data , arising out of or in connection with the use of this Portal.Links to other websites that have been included on this Portal are provided for public convenience only .
Material featured on this Portal may be reproduced free of charge after taking proper permission by sending a mail to us .
However , the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context .
Wherever the material is being published or issued to others , the source must be prominently acknowledged .
However , the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party .
Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments/copyright holders concerned .
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws .
Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India .
NIC Portal does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you , ( like name , phone number or e-mail address ) , that allows us to identify you individually .
If the NIC Portal requests you to provide personal information , you will be informed for the particular purposes for which the information is gathered and adequate security measures will be taken to protect your personal information .
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the India Portal site to any third party ( public/private ) .
Any information provided to this Portal will be protected from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
Links to external websites/portals
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on our site and no prior permission is required for the same .
However , we would like you to inform us about any links provided to our site so that you can be informed of any changes or updations therein .
Also , we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site .
Our website 's pages must load into a newly opened browser window of the user .

LAST UPDATED : 12/26/2013
Welcome ! This Privacy Policy governs the websites , online services , and software made available by the Nickelodeon Group for use on mobile devices , tablets , personal computers and other devices , which includes the websites and online services listed here , including those operated by NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ( collectively , the Nickelodeon Sites and , individually , Site ) .
The Nickelodeon Group is a business unit of Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International , Inc .
By accessing any of the Nickelodeon Sites , you are consenting to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes what information the Nickelodeon Sites collect from users , including children , when they visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; how such information is used and stored ; when such information may be disclosed to third parties ; how users , parents , and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information ; and how information is protected .
Our visitors ' privacy is important to us , and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Nickelodeon Sites permitting such visitors .
Our privacy practices are guided by the United States ' Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 , as well as data privacy laws in the United States and other applicable countries .
Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information .
For your convenience , the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy .
Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT .
The Nickelodeon Sites collect only the information that is reasonably necessary for the activities available on the particular website .
In general , we collect three types of information :
Information that you actively give to us ( for example , during registration , sweepstakes , purchases or content submissions ) ;
Information we automatically collect about your computer or wireless devices ( such as your IP address , cookie ID , and other unique device identifiers ) ; and
Information we collect from third parties , including through your registered third-party social media providers .
For more detailed information regarding the information we collect , please go here
HOW WE STORE SUCH INFORMATION .
We store your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary .
Despite such precautions , there is always a chance that someone may impermissibly access your information .
If you think a third party has accessed your information , please contact us immediately as instructed below .
For more detailed information regarding how we store information , please go here
HOW WE USE SUCH INFORMATION .
In general , the information we collect may be used to respond to your requests ; enable you to take advantage of Nickelodeon Sites features and services ; personalize your experience and the advertising you see ; send you special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon , the Viacom family of companies , and on behalf of third-parties whose products or services might be of interest to you ; measure analytics ; and manage and improve the services available on the Nickelodeon Sites .
For more detailed information regarding how we use such information , please go here
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES .
Depending upon the circumstances , we may share collected information with ( a ) law enforcement or others as needed to protect or defend our rights and the rights of others ; ( b ) third parties we hire to handle certain activities ; ( c ) advertisers or third parties with whom we may partner to provide you additional content , products or services ; ( d ) business partners who sponsor a sweepstakes or contest or who jointly offer a service or feature on the Nickelodeon Sites ; ( e ) within the Viacom family of companies ; ( f ) in the event of a corporate transaction ; and ( g ) otherwise with your consent .
For more detailed information regarding our information sharing practices , please go here
WHAT INFORMATION OTHERS MAY COLLECT .
We may use a number of advertising networks , analytics service providers and other such companies to , for example , serve targeted advertisements or analyze the performance of the Nickelodeon Sites .
These companies may use their own unique identifiers , and their use of these technologies is within their control and not ours .
These companies may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
For more information about these third parties and how you might be able to control how they use your information , please go here
YOUR CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION .
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in any personally identifiable information we collect about you .
You can stop the delivery of commercial e-mail messages from the Nickelodeon Sites by following the instructions in e-mails you receive .
You may have choices about the use of your information by third parties wishing to deliver certain targeted advertising to you .
Parents and guardians can review any personally identifiable information collected about their children and request that such information be deleted and/or that no further information be collected .
For more detailed information regarding your control over your information , please go here and here
WHO WE ARE The Nickelodeon Sites are made available by the Nickelodeon Group .
If you have any questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to childrens personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator , c/o Nickelodeon Online , 1515 Broadway , New York , New York 10036 .
Or call this number : +1 212-846-2543 .
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites , including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California
For more detailed information regarding who we are , please go here
I . INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE .
A . Registration Information
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins
Computer Information Collected By Us
D. Computer Information Collected By Others
E. Contests and Sweepstakes
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages
H. Interactive Features and Services
I. Wireless Marketing Services
Other Data Collection and Use
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety
D. Co-Branded Sites And Features
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
G. With Your Consent
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .
V. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES .
A . Reviewing Your Information
C. Termination Of Wireless Services
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites .
However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity .
A . Registration Information : The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests .
If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address .
For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted .
Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook Like or Google +1 buttons .
When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us .
When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information .
In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites .
Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you .
For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here .
For more information on Flux , please go here .
Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them .
Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( `` Computer Information '' ) .
We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as Tracking Technologies ) on the Nickelodeon Sites .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Tokens are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobes Pass service , to a users device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a users cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie .
The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites .
These Tracking Technologies collect click stream data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( Identifier ) .
An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the users mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription .
By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you .
You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Browsing Data ... sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Clear Recent History ... sub-option of the History menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content .
D. Computer Information Collected By Others : The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , Third Party Advertising Service Providers ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( Targeting Services ) .
These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you .
Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect .
You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites .
Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :
You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :
The opt-out tools discussed above are cookie based .
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are browser-specific .
This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device .
It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) .
E. Contests and Sweepstakes : The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes .
To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes .
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner .
For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted .
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages : Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and wish lists of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends .
To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages .
Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent .
In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends .
In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements .
Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries .
G. Electronic Newsletters : Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners .
Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account .
When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian .
We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database .
The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails .
Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child .
See section V ( B ) below .
When a child provides a parent's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system .
H. Interactive Features and Services : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages .
For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records .
We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services .
I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law , appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices .
To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services .
Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material .
The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services .
Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
J. Geolocation Information : We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors .
By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above .
K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below .
Arcades : Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) .
Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number .
After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase .
Consumer Products : Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the `` Shops '' ) .
To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information .
These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites .
This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours .
Virtual Items/Memberships : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games .
When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address .
We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law .
Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below .
Other Data Collection and Use .
We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments .
We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) .
It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date .
We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so .
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below .
In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety .
You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public .
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others .
This email is not to contact us about the status of your account .
B . Agents .
Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services .
We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information .
Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services .
Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices .
The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest .
For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services .
These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies .
If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party .
If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have `` opted-in . ''
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you .
Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies .
For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here
D. Co-Branded Sites and Features
Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) .
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service .
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company .
G. With Your Consent
We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent .
The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S . While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site .
If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law .
Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices .
If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent .
If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information .
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access .
The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions .
We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information .
However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts .
Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements .
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES
A . Reviewing Your Information
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions .
To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access .
Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information .
You can download the form here .
We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
C. Termination of Wireless Services
You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites .
If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child .
Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available .
Some of the various guides are available here :
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies .
These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours .
We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .
In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein .
To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs .
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
Or email us at :
Or call this number :
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We may request or collect certain information when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites .
However , visitors are required to share only the information that is reasonably necessary to participate in the particular activity .
A . Registration Information : The information required to register varies by Site , but may include : ( a ) birth date ; ( b ) gender ; ( c ) country ; ( d ) state ; ( e ) zip code ; ( f ) user name and password ; ( g ) wireless telephone number ; ( h ) email address ; and ( i ) other profile information such as avatar preferences , communications preferences , and interests .
If the Site either is directed to children under 13 or has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years old , the child may be asked to provide his or her parent 's or guardian 's email address .
For certain countries , visitors or their parents/guardians will receive an activation email and must follow the procedures or otherwise agree to the terms within the activation email within a certain time period to activate the account ; accounts not activated within that time period will be deleted .
Registration information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; serve appropriate material ; customize the content you see when you visit the Nickelodeon Sites ; and offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the `` Viacom family of companies '' ( which comprises Viacom International Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , including but not limited to NeoPets , Inc. and Atom Entertainment , Inc. ) , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services , that we believe may be of interest to you .
Social Platform Registrations and Social Media Plugins : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites permit or require users who are at least 13 years old to register or log into their account via a social networking platform such as Login with Facebook or Flux , or permit you to use social media plugins such as the Facebook `` Like '' or Google `` +1 '' buttons .
When you use these social networking platforms and plugins , your username and password for the services and other information available about you or collected from you on these services may be shared with us .
When you use social networking platforms and plugins , you share your information with them and their privacy policy applies to their collection , use , and disclosure of such information .
In addition , they may be able to collect information about you , including your activity on the Nickelodeon Sites , and they may notify your connections on the social networking platform about your use of the Nickelodeon Sites .
Such services may also employ unique identifiers which allow your activity to be monitored across multiple websites for purposes of delivering more targeted advertising to you .
For more information about Login with Facebook , please go here .
For more information on Flux , please go here .
Please note that their privacy policies may be different from our own and we encourage you to read them .
Computer Information Collected by Us : When visitors come to a Site , we may automatically collect certain information from their computers or mobile devices , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows XP or Mac OS ) , the visitor 's IP address , the web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Safari , Chrome and Firefox ) , UDID ( for certain mobile devices ) , information about the websites visited before and after visiting the Site , the web pages and advertisements viewed and links clicked on within the Nickelodeon Sites , interactions with e-mail messages sent by a Site or the Viacom family of companies ( e.g. , links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , information collected through the use of unique identifiers such as cookies ( see below ) , information regarding the Internet service provider , and other standard server log information ( `` Computer Information '' ) .
We may use cookies , web beacons , tokens or similar technologies ( collectively referred to as `` Tracking Technologies '' ) on the Nickelodeon Sites .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
`` Web beacons '' ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
`` Tokens '' are unique persistent identifiers that are generated and sent from a server , such as Adobe 's Pass service , to a user 's device to identify an interaction session , such as the authentication for a user 's cable provider service , and which are usually stored as an HTTP cookie .
The Site and/or third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Computer Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We may use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between certain Nickelodeon Sites without logging into each Site , enable the internal functioning of the Nickelodeon Sites , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on the Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages originating from the Nickelodeon Sites or the Viacom family of companies ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Nickelodeon Sites .
These Tracking Technologies collect `` click stream '' data and additional other information regarding your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites ( such as your visits to specific webpages , use of features , purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such other information across multiple sessions on the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites offered by the Viacom family of companies and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the device you use to access the site ( `` Identifier '' ) .
An Identifier may be automatically assigned to any device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
When a cable television service subscriber authenticates his cable television service to view full episodes of Nickelodeon programing in the Nick mobile app , a third party token is stored on the user 's mobile device so that the subscriber can view Nickelodeon television episodes in the future without having to re-authenticate his cable service subscription .
By visiting a Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to set and access Cookies on your device and track your activities and your use of a Site through these Tracking Technologies and Identifiers and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
The Nickelodeon Sites adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about the Nickelodeon Sites and online behavioral advertising .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
Our Third Party Advertising Service Providers ( as defined in Section D ) do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to other information about you .
You have a number of options with respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the steps following your browser type below :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Internet Options '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Clear Browsing Data ... '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Clear Recent History ... '' sub-option of the `` History '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to have the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Please be aware that certain areas and features of Nickelodeon Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with Tracking Technologies , and that disabling Tracking Technologies might prevent you from accessing such content .
D. Computer Information Collected By Others : The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Nickelodeon Sites use a variety of third-party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers , and other third-party service providers ( collectively , `` Third Party Advertising Service Providers '' ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Nickelodeon Sites , facilitate targeting of advertisements , and measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Nickelodeon Sites ( `` Targeting Services '' ) .
These Targeting Services enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Nickelodeon Sites and other websites you have visited and may include delivering advertisements or other content for products and services that may interest you .
Targeting Services also help prevent you from seeing repeated advertisements and enable us to research the usefulness of certain advertisements .
Nickelodeon does not behaviorally target advertising to children under 13 on sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Nickelodeon Sites except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Nickelodeon Sites .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect aggregate log data separately and independently from what the Nickelodeon Sites collect .
You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements , promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet .
The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not the Nickelodeon Sites .
Even if we have a relationship with the third party , we do not control those sites or their policies and practices regarding your information and those sites may use the information they collect from you consistent with their own privacy policies , which we encourage you to review .
We encourage you to research and direct any of your questions in this regard to these third parties .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers ( and outside the control of the Nickelodeon Sites ) , you have a number of options :
You can opt-out of the use of information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe and DoubleClick by using those Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
Some of these Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out of Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and advertisers :
The opt-out tools discussed above are `` cookie based . ''
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you opt-out but then use the controls in your browser to delete all Tracking Technologies , you may have to opt-out again , a second time , in order to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are browser-specific .
This means , for example , that if you opt out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the collection of information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same device .
It also means that opting out on one device will not affect the collection of information by Tracking Technologies on other devices you may use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must complete both of the following steps :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the `` Internet Options '' sub-option of the `` Tools '' menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature ; and
Disable future Tracking Technologies by using the same browser controls .
Additional information on disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information . )
You may be able to set the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites to warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the device you use to access the Nickelodeon Sites .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on the Nickelodeon Sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
For more information about Flash cookies and how to remove them from your computer , please visit here
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms .
Some web browsers may transmit `` do-not-track '' signals to the websites with which the browser communicates .
Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , or whether they even are aware of them .
There currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals .
We currently do not take action in response to these signals , but , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals .
Instead , as set forth above , please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described above in Section I ( C ) .
E. Contests and Sweepstakes : The Nickelodeon Sites may offer online contests and sweepstakes .
To enter these contests and sweepstakes , you may be required to provide your first name and email address and/or additional information required for the management of the contest or sweepstakes .
On sites that either are directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 , we may collect the child 's e-mail address to enter the child in the contest or sweepstakes , store such child 's email address for the duration of the sweepstakes , and use it for notification if he or she is the winner .
For certain contests or sweepstakes on such sites , we may ask for the email address of the child 's parent or guardian to inform the parent or guardian of his or her child 's entry and give the parent or guardian the option to have the child 's entry deleted .
F. Electronic Postcards and Messages : Some Nickelodeon Sites provide visitors the opportunity to send electronic postcards and `` wish lists '' of items they want to family or friends , which means we will send , on the visitor 's behalf , email messages to family and/or friends .
To do so , visitors must provide the email address of the recipient of such electronic postcards or email messages .
Visitors must only provide email addresses of people who they know would be happy to receive such electronic postcards or email messages .
Email addresses provided to us for this purpose are used solely to send the requested postcard or email message and are deleted from our system once the postcard or message is sent .
In some cases , we may offer visitors an incentive ( e.g. , points to be used in an online game ) for referring information about products to the visitor 's family or friends .
In such cases , we will comply with all applicable legal requirements .
Please note that this feature may not be available to visitors in certain regions or countries .
G. Electronic Newsletters : Visitors can provide their email addresses to receive email newsletters and promotions from the Nickelodeon Group , the Viacom family of companies , and our business partners .
Visitors may change their preferences regarding emails at any time through the unsubscribe link in the newsletters or , for certain Nickelodeon Sites , by logging into and changing the preferences for their account .
When visitors to Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old ask to receive our email newsletter ( s ) , they will be asked to provide their first name , email address and the email address of their parent/guardian .
We will send the child 's parent/guardian a notification email informing them of the child 's request to receive by email the newsletter on an ongoing basis and give the parent/guardian the option to have his or her child 's information removed from our newsletter database .
The link to remove the child 's information will expire approximately 48 hours from the time it is sent , but at any time after receiving this notification email , the child 's parent/guardian may request that we stop sending the child the newsletter ( s ) by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions found at the end of any of the newsletter emails .
Parents/guardians may at any time review any personally identifiable information collected online about their child .
See section V ( B ) below .
When a child provides a parent's/guardian 's email address when signing up for newsletter ( s ) , that email address is used to send the notification email message and is subsequently deleted from our system .
H. Interactive Features and Services : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer interactive features and services , such as message boards , chat rooms , electronic mail services , comment boxes , messaging services , and member profile pages .
For certain countries , on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to children under 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is a child under 13 years old , we either will obtain the consent of the child 's parent/guardian before allowing the child to use these interactive features and services or will use reasonable technical measures to delete all or virtually all personal information from a child 's postings before they are made public and also delete such information from our records .
We use the information collected through interactive features and services to enable you to participate in such features and services .
I. Wireless Marketing Services : Consistent with local law , appropriately aged visitors may have the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and/or wireless devices .
To do so , visitors may be asked to provide their telephone number , email address , carrier 's name , and/or their opinion regarding certain goods and/or services .
Visitors must opt in to receive wireless marketing material from businesses within the Nickelodeon Group and Viacom family of companies through one of the following methods : ( a ) filling out the registration information on any Nickelodeon Sites ' wireless marketing registration page ; or ( b ) sending a specific word , code or symbol via a text message to a telephone number designated by us in any promotional material .
The visitor may also be asked to confirm his or her acceptance to receive such wireless marketing services .
Visitors that register for wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the visitor 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the visitor from the Nickelodeon Sites or Viacom family of companies .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Nickelodeon Group or the Viacom family of companies be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by such visitor or by a person that has access to a visitor 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
J. Geolocation Information : We may collect and store information about your geographic location , but we will only collect precise geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town on Nickelodeon Sites that either are directed to users over 13 or have actual knowledge that a user is over 13 years old and only if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
We use this information , for example , to enable visitors to take advantage of Site offerings ; respond to visitor 's requests for products , services , and information ; manage games ; customize the content visitors see when visiting the Nickelodeon Sites ; and to offer visitors special offers and promotions from Nickelodeon Sites and the Viacom family of companies , as well as on behalf of selected third parties offering products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to our visitors .
By accepting this Privacy Policy and using the applicable Site , you hereby consent to the collection and storage of such geolocation information as described above .
K. Financial Information : We collect and use financial information , such as credit card numbers and security codes , for the limited purposes described below .
Arcades : Users who are of legal age to form a binding contract may purchase games available on the Nickelodeon Sites ( e.g. , games from Shockwave.com ) .
Purchasing such games may require providing information to process the order including full name , billing and/or shipping addresses , billing address , email address , credit card number , control payment number , PIN , card security code , expiration date and/or a phone number .
After successfully entering a valid credit card number/expiration date and completing the order process , an account is created .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
If you make purchases using a pre-paid card , we will not require you to enter any personally identifiable information to complete your purchase .
Consumer Products : Certain of the Nickelodeon Sites provide pages and/or links to pages offering visitors who are of legal age to form a binding contract the opportunity to purchase consumer products ( the `` Shops '' ) .
To do so , visitors need to provide contact , shipping , billing and credit information .
These pages may be hosted and operated by a third party that is independent and separate from the Nickelodeon Sites .
This third party collects personal information about shop visitors and may share this information with us .
We use this information to process the order and to send order confirmations via email , as well as to send information about products and services of interest and as otherwise required by law .
Before providing information on these pages , we encourage you to review the posted privacy policies which govern such third party 's use of your information , as they may differ from ours .
Virtual Items/Memberships : Some of the Nickelodeon Sites may offer memberships , online subscriptions and/or virtual items for use in conjunction with the Nickelodeon Sites ' games .
When you enter into a transaction for a membership , subscription , virtual item or similar transaction , you may be asked to provide the credit card and/or billing information and email address .
We will use this information to fulfill your specified requests , as well as to inform you about additional products or service opportunities and as otherwise required by law .
Please also see the information regarding payment processors in Section II ( B ) below .
Other Data Collection and Use .
We collect search query information when visitors search for information on the Nickelodeon Sites .
We also collect information from visitors when they contact us with questions and comments .
We may use this information , along with any of the other information described above , to ( i ) analyze use of the Nickelodeon Sites and understand and improve our service offerings ; ( ii ) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and ( iii ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
We may combine information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites with information we collect from other sources ( e.g. , social media integration services ) , other Viacom family of company 's sites , offline records or publicly available information ) .
It is your responsibility to provide complete and accurate information and to keep such information up to date .
We are not responsible for any problem or liability arising from your failure to do so .
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your information with third parties for the limited purposes described below .
In the U.S. , parents of children under the age of 13 have the option of consenting to the collection and use of their child 's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to certain third parties .
A . Law Enforcement and Safety .
You acknowledge , consent , and agree to the extent legally permissible in your jurisdiction to allow us to access , preserve , and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us ( including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems ) to a law enforcement agency or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access , preservation , or disclosure is reasonably necessary to : ( a ) comply with legal process ; ( b ) enforce the Terms of Use of the respective Nickelodeon Sites ; ( c ) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties ; ( d ) respond to your requests for customer service ; or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or personal safety of the owners of the Nickelodeon Sites , any user of the Nickelodeon Sites , a third party or the general public .
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability ; to protect or defend our rights or property ; or protect the safety , rights , or property of others .
This email is not to contact us about the status of your account .
B . Agents .
Information collected through the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred , disclosed or shared with third parties engaged by us to handle and deliver certain activities , such as message boards , sweepstakes and contests , e-cards , payment processing , newsletters , and advisory boards , and to perform other technical and processing functions , such as sending postal mail and email , maintaining data integrity , programming operations , user services or technology services .
We may provide these third parties information collected as needed to perform their functions , but they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and specifically agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information .
Some of these agents , such as payment processors , may request additional information during the course of offering their services .
Before you provide additional information to third party agents , we encourage visitors to review their privacy policies and information collection practices .
The Nickelodeon Group uses the services of third parties who may collect , use or disclose cookie information , IP addresses or other identifiers from devices and/or browsers of users who visit Nickelodeon Sites .
For a list of these third parties on Nickelodeon Sites that are directed to children or where Nickelodeon has actual knowledge that a user is under 13 , please go here .
Some Nickelodeon Sites partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content , products , or services that we believe may be of interest .
For example , we may partner with a greeting card company , software manufacturer , social media plugin provider , or mobile phone provider to offer you electronic cards , games , social networking , or text messaging services .
These partners operate websites and services that are separate and independent from the Nickelodeon Sites and , accordingly , may have their own privacy policies .
If you consent or register with one of our partners , that means you grant the Nickelodeon Sites permission to give your registration and other information , including e-mail address , to that third party .
If you have identified yourself as residing in the EU , we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes unless you have `` opted-in . ''
In addition , Third Party Advertising Service Providers may use their own Tracking Technologies to gather information about you .
Please see Section I ( D ) above for more detailed information regarding such use of Tracking Technologies .
For more information on our use of third party advertisers and the self-regulatory principles , please click here
D. Co-Branded Sites and Features
Some Nickelodeon Sites offer co-branded services and features , such as events and promotions that we put together with another company ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) .
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Nickelodeon Sites and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfillment , marketing or administrative purposes .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service .
E. Viacom and Other Affiliated Businesses
The Nickelodeon Sites are part of the Viacom family of companies .
Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the websites of the Viacom family of companies ' and other affiliated businesses so that we can , for example , provide you with information about products and services that might interest you .
In the event that assets relating to one or more of the Nickelodeon Sites are transferred or sold to another entity as a result of , for example , a corporate sale , merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy , information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites may be transferred to the acquiring company .
G. With Your Consent
We may otherwise disclose your information pursuant to your consent .
The Nickelodeon Sites are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S . While users from countries other than the U.S. may access certain of the Nickelodeon Sites , we make no representation that the Nickelodeon Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in activities on the Nickelodeon Sites , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for the Nickelodeon Sites as set forth in the respective Terms of Use Agreement for each Site .
If you do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the particular Site you are visiting , please discontinue using that Site immediately as your continued use of the Nickelodeon Sites indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Please be aware that by providing us with personal information , you understand and agree that : ( 1 ) due to our international operations , your personal information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction ; ( 2 ) to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States , you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy and ( 3 ) the Privacy Policy and the collection of information pursuant to the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States , without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law .
Our affiliates comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor .
Please see the Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for detailed information on these affiliates ' privacy practices .
If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Nickelodeon Sites because your use of the Nickelodeon Sites represents your consent .
If you have already provided personal information , please contact us about how you would like us to handle such information .
SECURITY , STORAGE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION
The Nickelodeon Sites maintain reasonable technical and organizational steps to help ensure that information collected is secure , including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and use of electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access .
The Nickelodeon Sites conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions .
We limit access to visitor 's information to employees and contractors who are authorized for the proper handling of such information , and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We also take reasonable steps to help make sure our third-party agents protect the security of your personal information .
However , as with most Internet sites or services , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully access such personal information through a number of means despite our efforts .
Information collected at the Nickelodeon Sites will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or to otherwise meet legal requirements .
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION ; TERMINATION OF WIRELESS SERVICES
A . Reviewing Your Information
You have the right to access , update and correct factual inaccuracies in personally identifiable information that we collect online at the Nickelodeon Sites , subject to certain exceptions .
To help protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access .
Parents/guardians of children under the age of 13 can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any personally identifiable information collected about their child , have this information deleted , and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's personally identifiable information .
You can download the form here .
We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting personally identifiable information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or legal guardian .
C. Termination of Wireless Services
You may cancel one or more wireless services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the Nickelodeon Sites at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Nickelodeon Sites will terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service you received .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with the Nickelodeon Sites .
If you unsubscribe from one or all of wireless service ( s ) via your wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
Some of the Nickelodeon Sites offer you and your child an online safety guide which we encourage you to use as starting point for discussing safety and privacy concerns with your child .
Of course , involvement in your family 's online lives is the most important safety tool available .
Some of the various guides are available here :
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
The websites that comprise the Nickelodeon Sites may contain links to other sites , including those of sponsors , advertisers , social networking platforms , and survey companies .
These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices , which may be substantially different from ours .
We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
This document is the sole statement of the Nickelodeon Sites ' Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , without limitation , machine-generated , is valid .
In interpreting this Agreement , the English version governs the interpretation and meaning of the obligation set forth herein .
To the extent there is an ambiguity or conflict with the Privacy Policy in other languages , the Privacy Policy in English governs .
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices , including our practices with respect to children 's personal information , please contact us at :
Nick.com CA Privacy Coordinator
New York , New York 10036
Or email us at :
Or call this number :
Other corporate affiliates may collect or maintain information through the Nickelodeon Sites including :
NeoPets , Inc. , Glendale , California
Atom Entertainment , Inc .
San Francisco , California

Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit to the NIDDK website unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our website to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
We collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our website .
NIDDK never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIDDK mission and goals .
When visitors send email messages containing personal information to the general NIDDK.NIH.gov email box , NIDDK staff responds to the letters and files them .
Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond may view or answer them .
Types of Information Collected
When you browse through any Website , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit :
Domain from which you access the Internet
IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web )
Operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site
Date and time of your visit
Address of the website that connected you to an NIH Website ( such as google.com or bing.com )
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our website and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
How NIDDK Collects Information
NIDDK websites use a variety of different web measurement software tools and specific information regarding information collection can be found on their respective websites .
NIDDK.NIH.gov uses Webtrends and Google Analytics measurement software to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above .
Webtrends and Google Analytics collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected .
The NIDDK staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Webtrends and Google Analytics .
The reports are only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers , members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIDDK also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
NIDDK.NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NIDDK.NIH.gov website and other sites managed by NIDDK .
This survey does not collect personally identifiable information .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers , members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIDDK retains the data from Webtrends and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIDDK.NIH.gov website .
How NIDDK Uses Cookies
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization TechnologiesExternal Link Disclaimer allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any website , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of web pages .
Cookies from NIDDK web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as Usage Tier 1Single Session .
The policy says , This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies .
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to enable website analytics programs to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire .
We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected .
How to Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov .
Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NIDDK.NIH.gov .
Third-Party Web Sites and Applications including Social Media Sites
How Personal Information Is Protected
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIDDK websites .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , that is , information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you , through an e-mail message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , customer satisfaction survey , epidemiology research study , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , so that we may contact you , we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
If NIDDK operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following 5 criteria :
NIDDK legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of NIDDK
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
For further information about the NIDDK privacy policy , please contact the NIDDK Privacy Act Liaison .
Third-Party Web Sites and Applications including Social Media Sites
AddThis : NIDDK.NIH.gov uses the AddThis service to allow visitors to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites .
Visitors who use the AddThis service to share content do not need to register or provide any personal information .
The AddThis service providers collect non-personal data , including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information .
The reports are password protected and only available to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff requiring this information to perform their duties .
Facebook : NIDDK uses Facebook to share information about NIDDK and NIDDK program activities via short messages known as wall posts .
NIDDK.gov has three Facebook pagesNational Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases ( NIDDK ) , Make the Kidney Connection ( NKDEP ) , and National Diabetes Education Program ( NDEP ) .
Many other NIH Institutes and Centers ( I/Cs ) sponsor their own Facebook pages .
The privacy policies for the other I/Cs Facebook pages are located on the individual I/C 's website .
On each of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Facebook pages , NIDDK.NIH.gov staff posts news and other items of interest to citizens .
If you have a Facebook account or Like NIDDK Facebook pages , you can post comments or click on the Like option for individual entries .
If you comment or click on the Like button , personally identifying information will be visible to NIDDK staff and other Facebook site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any personally identifiable information by not creating an account , not posting comments and not clicking on the Like options in Facebook .
NIDDK staff does not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or Like the NIDDK Facebook sites .
Facebook collects and reports on non-personally identifiable information about activities on Facebook pages .
This information is password protected and only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers , members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly : NIDDK uses go.usa.gov and bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages , Twitter feeds , and on Facebook pages .
Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly collect and provide data on how often email recipients and Facebook and Twitter-users click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIDDK.NIH.gov staff .
Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIDDK compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs .
Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly analytics do not provide any personally identifiable information about the visitors who opened the shortened links .
GovDelivery Subscription Management : NIDDK uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them .
To subscribe to an NIH product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive .
The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery .
Only the NIDDK managers who send newsletters , alerts or memos via GovDelivery and staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists .
GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIDDK or for any purpose .
GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks and open rates .
This information is password protected and only available to NIDDK.NIH.gov managers , members of the NIDDK.NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
Slideshare : NIDDK uses SlideShare to post and embed presentation slides and accompanying audio to its websites .
You do not need to register with SlideShare to view NIDDK presentations .
When visitors view presentations , SlideShare may record non-personally identifiable information about its site usage , such as time spent on the site , pages visited , and data transfer details to improve its services .
If you log on to the SlideShare site before viewing NIDDK presentations , SlideShare may associate information about your site use with your SlideShare account .
If you log on to SlideShare and comment on an NIDDK presentation , any personal information you included when registering for your account will be visible to visitors who click on the comment .
If you do not log in before watching NIDDK presentations posted on SlideShare , your site use will not be associated with your SlideShare account .
Twitter : NIDDK uses Twitter to send short messages , up to 140 characters , which are also known as Tweets to share information about NIDDK with visitors and respond to comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIDDK .
To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as name , user name , password and email address .
Visitors have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location or a picture .
Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site .
NIDDK staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to Twitter followers .
NIDDK does not collect , maintain , disclose or share any information about people who follow NIDDK on Twitter .
Widgets : NIDDK.NIH.gov offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIDDK.NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated .
Widgets are portable pieces of code .
Visitors can install the widgets on any PC or Mac web page without requiring additional coding or configuration .
NIDDK.NIH.gov widgets deliver information and links to any site or application where the widgets are installed .
NIDDK.NIH widgets do not collect any type of personally identifying information from visitors who install NIDDK.NIH.gov widgets .
YouTube : NIDDK.NIH.gov posts videos on YouTube to make them available to all NIDDK.NIH.gov visitors .
You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google ( YouTube owner ) to watch NIDDK.NIH.gov videos .
When visitors watch videos , YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about its site usage , such as channels used , videos watched , and data transfer details to improve its services .
If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIDDK videos , YouTube may associate information about your site use with your YouTube account .
If you log on to YouTube and comment on a NIDDK video , any personal information you included when registering for your account will be visible to visitors who click on the comment .
If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube , your site use will not be associated with you or a YouTube account .
How Social Media Sites Are Managed
The NIDDK social media accountson websites such as Facebook , Linked-In , Twitter , and YouTubeare managed by the staff of the NIDDK Information Office , NIDDK Information Clearinghouses , and Education Programs , which are services of the NIDDK , NIH .
If you connect with the NIDDK on any social media site , you can expect some or all of the following :
information about new and updated resources from the NIDDK
invitations to provide feedback about specific issues
information about new research findings
information about other NIDDK activities , such as exhibits at conferences for health care professionals
information about other resources
Availability : We will update and monitor our social media accounts during office hours , 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. , Monday through Friday , Eastern Standard Time ( EST ) .
Social media sites may occasionally be unavailable , and we accept no responsibility for lack of service due to third-party website downtime .
Posted Comments : We welcome feedback and ideas from all our fans ; and , we endeavor to join the conversation whenever possible .
However , we are not able to respond individually to all the comments we receive via social media .
By your commenting , we do not gather any information about you , other than information automatically collected and stored when you visit any of our websites and you choose to provide that information to us .
The NIDDK will not share or sell any personal information obtained from users with any other organization or government agency except as required by law .
Posted comments will be retained to comply with records retention guidelines as set by Section 44 of the United States Code , chapters 31 and 35 , Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-130 and NARA regulations in 36 CFR ch .
XII , subchapter B. NIDDK staff reads all comments and ensures any emerging themes or helpful suggestions are passed to the relevant staff members or department .
The usual ways of contacting us for official correspondence are detailed in the Contact NIDDK section of the NIDDK website .
Online Ordering Privacy and Security
Ordering Online with us is safe and secure .
The security of the information included in your order is very important to us .
We use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol to protect the security of your online order information .
SSL technology encrypts your order information so it can not be decoded by anyone other than NIDDK and contracted companies .
Once you enter the checkout page , your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode .
You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following :
Only browsers that use the 128-bit SSL protocol are able to order through the NIDDK website .
If your browser does not support SSL , you can get an upgrade at the Microsoft , Firefox , or Apple home page .

NIH Web Privacy Notice
Protecting your privacy is very important to us .
Our Web site links to other National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) sites , federal agency sites and occasionally , to private organizations .
Once you leave the primary NIH.gov site , you are subject to the privacy policy for the site ( s ) you are visiting .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you during your visit to NIH Web sites unless you choose to provide it to us .
We do , however , collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
We collect information from visitors who read , browse , and/or download information from our Web site .
NIH never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIH mission and goals .
Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond , may view , or answer them .
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you browse through any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected .
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following type of information about your visit :
Domain from which you access the Internet ;
IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the Web ) ;
Operating system and information about the browser used when visiting the site ;
Date and time of your visit ;
Pages you visited ; and ,
Address of the Web site that connected you to an NIH Web site ( such as google.com or bing.com ) .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors .
HOW NIH COLLECTS INFORMATION
NIH Web sites use a variety of different Web measurement software tools .
NIH.gov uses Webtrends and Google Analytics measurement software to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above .
Webtrends and Google Analytics collect information automatically and continuously .
No personally identifiable information is collected .
The NIH staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Webtrends and Google Analytics .
The reports are only available to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIH also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the NIH.gov Web site .
This survey does not collect personally identifiable information .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do not take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to NIH.gov managers , members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
NIH retains the data from Webtrends , Google Analytics , and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIH.gov Web site .
HOW NIH USES COOKIES
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies External Web Site Policy allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies .
When you visit any Web site , its server may generate a piece of text known as a `` cookie '' to place on your computer .
The cookie allows the server to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from NIH Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
There are two types of cookies , single session ( temporary ) , and multi-session ( persistent ) .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1Single Session .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies . ''
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies to enable Webtrends and Google Analytics to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire .
We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey .
The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) .
The policy says , `` This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected . ''
HOW TO OPT OUT OR DISABLE COOKIES
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them using your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov .
Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NIH.gov .
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROTECTED
You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIH Web sites .
However , if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters , we collect your email address to complete the subscription process .
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , that is , information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you , through an e-mail message , request for information , paper or electronic form , questionnaire , customer satisfaction survey , epidemiology research study , etc. , we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication .
If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier ( name , personal email address , home mailing address , personal or mobile phone number , etc . ) , so that we may contact you , we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
If NIH operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission , a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information .
The notice must address the following five criteria :
NIH legal authorization to collect information about you
Purpose of the information collection
Routine uses for disclosure of information outside of NIH
Whether the request made of you is voluntary or mandatory under law
Effects of non-disclosure if you choose to not provide the requested information
DATA SAFEGUARDING AND PRIVACY
NIH uses web measurement and customization technologies to help our Web sites function better for visitors and to better understand how the public uses the online resources we provide .
All uses of web-based technologies comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards .
NIH conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application ( TPWA ) as they may have a different functionality or practice .
Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individual 's name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended ( 5 U.S.C .
Section 552a ) .
For these records , NIH Systems of Record Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the NIH Senior Official for Privacy Website .
When you visit the NIH Institute/Center sites , please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages .
When web measurement and customization technologies are used , the Privacy Policy/Notice must provide :
Purpose of the web measurement and/or customization technology ;
Usage tier , session type , and technology used ;
Nature of the information collected ;
Purpose and use of the information ;
Whether and to whom the information will be disclosed ;
Privacy safeguards applied to the information ;
Data retention policy for the information ;
Whether the technology is enabled by default or not and why ;
How to opt-out of the web measurement/customization technology ;
Statement that opting-out still permits users to access comparable information or services ; and ,
Identities of all third-party vendors involved in the measurement and customization process .
DATA RETENTION AND ACCESS LIMITS
NIH will retain data collected using the following technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected .
HOW NIH.GOV USES THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES AND APPLICATIONS
As part of the OMB Memo M-10-06 , Open Government Directive External Web Site Policy , the NIH uses a variety of new technologies and social media options to communicate and interact with citizens .
These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites , open source software communities and more .
TPWAs are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NIH , such as applications not hosted on a .gov domain or those that are embedded on NIH Web pages .
Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public , user community , and/or the third-party operating the Web site .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to NIH and the public , regardless of whether the information is explicitly solicited or collected by NIH .
The following list includes some of the TPWAs we use and their purpose .
NIH sometimes collects and uses PII made available through third-party Web sites .
However , we do not share PII made available through third-party Web sites .
Your activity on the third-party Web sites we use is governed by the security and privacy policy of those sites , which we have linked below .
You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
If you have an account with a third-party Web site , and choose to follow , like , friend , or comment , certain PII associated with your account may be made available to NIH based on the privacy policy of the third-party Web site and your privacy settings within that third-party Web site .
Therefore , you should also adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences .
For any NIH TPWA that collects PII , the list below also includes details on the information NIH collects and how we will protect your private information .
THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES AND APPLICATIONS
AddThis : NIH uses the AddThis service to allow you to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites .
If you use the AddThis service to share content , you do not need to register or provide any personal information .
AddThis collects non-personal data , including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII .
The reports are password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
Bit.ly : NIH uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages , Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages .
Bit.ly collects and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or Facebook/Twitter user , click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIH staff .
Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIH , compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs .
Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the visitors who open the shortened links .
Facebook : NIH has three main Facebook pagesNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy , NIH Research Matters External Web Site Policy , and News in Health External Web Site Policy .
Many other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Facebook pages .
NIH Facebook pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and 'like ' NIH Facebook pages and individual entries .
If once you click on an NIH Facebook page , you comment or click on the 'like ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Facebook site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Facebook account , not posting comments , not clicking on the 'like ' options , or interacting with NIH Facebook accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc . ) .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or 'like ' the NIH Facebook sites .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Facebook pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
Flickr : NIH uses Flickr to upload and share photos and images related to the NIH mission and culture .
NIH is responsible for the uploaded images on NIH-sponsored Flickr pages and must ensure that the images assigned for posting meet NIH quality standards and comply with all NIH , HHS , and federal policies .
Images posted are produced by NIH and its Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) , and may include medical illustrations and other scientific images .
Photos posted may also include pre-approved photos of NIH employees at events or in labs for the purpose of promoting the NIH mission and culture .
You do not need to register with Flickr to view the images onNIH Flickr sites , because all NIH images posted on Flickr are visible in the public domain .
However , if you choose to register , you will not provide PII directly to NIH .
NIH has disabled the commenting feature on its Flickr sites .
Therefore , PII can not be collected or unintentionally received by NIH employees via the Flickr site .
Google+ : NIH has one main Google+ pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy .Several other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Google+ pages .
NIH Google+ pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Google+ account , you can log in to your account to post comments , and '+1 ' NIH Google+ pages and individual entries .
If once you click on an NIH Google+ page , you comment or click on the '+1 ' button , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Google+ site visitors .
The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Google+ privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Google+ account , not posting comments , not clicking on the 'like ' options , or interacting with NIH Google+ accounts in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , sharing NIH posts , etc . ) .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or 'like ' the NIH Google+ sites .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Google+ pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
GovDelivery Subscription Management : NIH uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters , alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them .
To subscribe to receive an NIH product , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the items you want to receive .
The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery .
Only the NIH managers who send newsletters , alerts , or memos via GovDelivery and the staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists .
GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIH for any purpose .
GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent , clicks , and open rates .
This information is password-protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
LinkedIn : NIH uses the groups feature on LinkedIn to engage with current and past employees and members of the public .
In order to join a NIH group on LinkedIn , you must register for a LinkedIn account and provide your first and last name and e-mail address .
Upon confirmation of your email address , you must provide LinkedIn with information regarding your employment , country , zip code , job title , etc .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your LinkedIn user privacy settings .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a LinkedIn account , not joining NIH LinkedIn groups , or not interacting with NIH LinkedIn groups in any way ( i.e. , private messaging , posting on group pages , etc . ) .
Although NIH staff managing LinkedIn groups may view the information you provide when you submit a request to join NIH LinkedIn groups , NIH staff does not collect , use , or disclose any of this information .
Pinterest : NIH has one main Pinterest pageNational Institutes of Health ( NIH ) External Web Site Policy .Several other NIH Institutes and Centers ( ICs ) sponsor their own Pinterest pages .
NIH Pinterest pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public .
If you have a Pinterest account , you can log in to your account to post comments , like and repin ' NIH Pinterest postings and individual entries .
When you chose to like , comment or repin ' an item from an NIH Pinterest account , your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Pinterest site visitors .
You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Pinterest account , not posting comments , not clicking on the 'like ' options and not sharing items from the NIH Pinterest page or NIH websites .
NIH staff do not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment , share , or 'like ' the NIH Pinterest sites or posts .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Pinterest pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
Polldaddy : NIH uses Polldaddy in conjunction with some NIH WordPress blogs to collect your click-opinions or rankings of drop-down menu preferences as a blog participant .
Polldaddy is the only survey tool that is compatible with WordPress and most Polldaddy surveys are embedded within blog entries on NIH WordPress blogs .
However , there are links to the Polldaddy site at the bottom of the survey form .
You can vote on a topic using the Polldaddy form embedded on a NIH blog .
However , to submit a comment , you must navigate directly to the Polldaddy site , provide your name , and e-mail address .
Polldaddy automatically scans your comments prior to posting them to determine whether they are spam and , if so , deletes them .
If the submission is not recognized as spam by the Polldaddy filtering program , the comment is immediately posted to the poll results published on the Polldaddy site .
Considering the comments provided could potentially contain PII , any such unsolicited PII will not be posted on NIH blogs .
Any information collected by NIH is de-identified and will be used solely for the purpose of engaging participants and gaining insight into public opinions .
Comments will be viewable on the Polldaddy site .
Twitter : NIH uses Twitter to send short messages or Tweets ' ( up to 140 characters ) to share information about NIH with you and respond to your comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIH .
To create an account , you must provide some personal information , such as your name , user name , password and email address .
You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography , location or a picture .
Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public , but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site .
NIH staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter , but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to you as a Twitter follower .
However , as a practice , comment moderator policy requires the removal from the NIH Twitter pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper , inflammatory , or offensive .
The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
Widgets : NIH offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated .
Widgets are portable pieces of code .
They deliver information and links to any site or application where the widget is installed .
You can install a widget on any PC or Mac Web page without requiring additional coding or configuration .
If you choose to install NIH.gov widgets , they will not collect any type of PII from you .
WordPress : NIH uses the WordPress.com blog platform to support its NIH Director 's Blog initiative along with others , enabling visitors to interact with staff regarding news and initiatives posted by NIH leaders .
As a visitor to an NIH Wordpress instance , you can access the NIH.gov home page and post comments .
You do not need to register , provide your name , or supply any personal information .
The comments are not collected , processed , or reported in any way .
However , if you provide your name or other personally identifiable information ( PII ) , the information you provide will appear along with your feedback .
Although WordPress offers some analytics and usage data to NIH , these reports do not include any PII .
The reports are password- protected and only available to NIH Managers , System Owners , Communications Staff , Web Teams , and other designated staff that require this information to perform their duties .
YouTube : NIH posts videos on YouTube to make them available to the public .
You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google ( YouTube Owner ) to watch NIH YouTube videos .
When you watch videos , YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about their site usage , such as channels used , videos watched , and data transfer details to improve its services .
If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIH videos , YouTube may associate information about your site usage with your YouTube account .
If you log onto YouTube and comment on an NIH video , any personal information you included on your YouTube profile page will be visible to visitors who click on the comment field .
If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube , you can not comment on NIH videos and your site usage will not be associated with you or a YouTube account .
NIH conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment ( PIA ) for each use of a third-party website as they may have a different functionality or practice .

Version franaise | Versin espaola | Verso Portugus
Please Note : If you are looking for the Privacy Notice related to the use of specific Nintendo products , please use these links : Wii U , Wii , Nintendo 3DS , Nintendo DSi / Nintendo DSi XL
The Privacy Notice listed below only applies to Nintendo 's web sites .
For a list of the web sites , click here .
Last Updated : December 10 , 2013
Nintendo knows that privacy is important to you .
This Privacy Notice describes our collection , use , disclosure , storage and protection of your information .
By using a Nintendo product or service , you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Information you provide to us .
We collect information that you provide to us when you use our products and services or anytime you are in contact with us .
Some types of information you may provide include :
Registration information that you may be required to provide when you sign up to use our services , including your name , address , telephone number , and email address ;
Login information that you use to sign in to our services , such as your username and password ;
Demographic information about you , including your age , gender , hobbies , interests , and country of residence ;
Payment information that you submit , including your credit card number , expiration date , and credit card security code , where needed to complete a transaction you have initiated ;
Messages , photos , videos , drawings , audio recordings and other information shared by you through the interactive features of our products and services ;
Correspondence you send directly to us ; and
Information you provide to us offline ( through , for example , regular mail , in-person sweepstakes entry forms , and consumer service transactions such as repairs , part orders and direct purchases ) .
Information we collect automatically .
We may collect some information automatically when you use our products and services .
Some types of information we may collect automatically include :
Information about your use of our products and services , including your browser type , operating system , platform , IP address , MAC address , cookies , language and region ;
Information about websites you visited before and after visiting our websites , search queries that landed you on our websites , search queries you conducted on our websites , and pages and advertisements you viewed and links you clicked on while using our websites ;
Information about your Nintendo device including device serial number , device ID and friend codes ; and
Information about your game play , online status , wireless access point , purchases , and other information about your interactions with our products and services .
Information we receive from other sources .
We may receive information about you from other sources , including through third-party services and retailers .
Some examples of information we may receive from other sources include :
Navigation data , including websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked ;
Information about consumer service transactions ; and
Retail purchase information .
Please note that we may add information we receive from other sources to the information we already have about you .
We also may combine your information with information about other users , including game play , demographic , search term , clickstream and purchase information , and use this combined information in an aggregated format .
COOKIES , WEB BEACONS , LOG FILES AND THIRD PARTY PARTNERS
In order to collect some of the information described above , we may use web beacons , cookies , log files , and similar technologies in some of our products and services , including our emails .
Web Beacons : We may use web beacons ( also referred to as pixel trackers or clear GIFs ) , which are small graphic images placed on a web page , on a web-based document , or in an email message .
Web beacons are designed to collect certain user information and monitor certain user activity .
Information collected by web beacons might include your IP address , MAC address , the URL of the page you came from , or your interactions with our website or an email message we send to you .
We may use the information collected through web beacons , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested .
Cookies : We may use cookies , which are unique identifiers that are sometimes placed on your device to record data about your visits to a website , so that the site can recognize your device and personalize your visit .
Information collected by cookies may be linked to your transaction history , online game play or other information .
We may use information collected by cookies , for example , to determine how to improve certain products and services by identifying popular web pages , services , features , and products ; to personalize our products and services ; to make recommendations for products and services ; and to complete transactions you have requested .
Log Files : We maintain log files which record activity related to the use of our products and services , such as the number of hits a particular webpage has received , the type and quality of a user 's Internet connection , the type of hardware and/or software used to access a particular service , which features of a service are used and their frequency of use .
The entries within these log files may include , for example , your IP addresses , MAC addresses , cookie information , device ID , transactional data , device settings , and download activity .
We may use these log files , for example , to monitor traffic on our website , to facilitate use of certain services and to troubleshoot technical problems .
Third Party Partners : We also may permit our third party partners to set cookies and web beacons on our websites , or within emails sent on our behalf , to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business .
These third parties may use these cookies and web beacons to collect information about your visit to our website and may use that information during , or after , your visits to our website to provide you advertisements about goods and services that may be of greater interest to you .
These third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type ad targeting .
We may use your information in order for us , our affiliated companies , or our third party partners , to : ( i ) fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you commercial and non-commercial messages and to process orders you have placed ; ( ii ) contact you in connection with our products and services , including for marketing and promotional purposes ; ( iii ) facilitate your use of our products and services ; ( iv ) enable your participation in online games , contests , sweepstakes , surveys , public forums , and other features offered through our products and services ; ( v ) make recommendations and customize the content , features , and advertising available through our products and services ; ( vi ) set up repair orders and respond to consumer service inquiries ; ( vii ) provide back-end services , including system updates and system messages ; ( viii ) provide free games , applications , trials , and other content ; ( ix ) analyze and facilitate the use of our products and services ; ( x ) conduct demographic studies ; ( xi ) understand , improve , and develop our products and services ; ( xii ) prevent potentially illegal or offensive activities ; ( xiii ) enforce our rights or the rights of our users ; ( xiv ) verify your identity and prevent fraudulent transactions ; and ( xv ) for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
At times we may make certain information that we collect available to our affiliated companies , to our third party partners , to other Nintendo users , and for other legal and business purposes .
We may share information with other Nintendo affiliated companies that use it consistent with this Privacy Notice .
We may share information with our third party partners to help us perform various functions necessary to operate our business or fulfill your requests ( for example , completing downloads or purchases , developing and executing marketing campaigns ) .
We also may share such information to , for example , complete your transactions , provide you with advertising and other promotional materials , and assist in the creation of user accounts with such third parties .
We may share information , including , for example , your Mii name , Mii profile information , online status , Mii greeting , and other game play information , with other Nintendo users when you use the online features of our products and services .
Some of our products and services allow you to add friends to a friend list .
Through the friend list and friend messaging features , certain information that you have provided , or that is stored on your Nintendo device , including your Mii name , Mii profile information , Mii greeting , online status , rankings , and other user or game play information , may be shared with your friends .
Some Nintendo devices have local communication features that can be activated by you .
These features allow some of your information to be collected and shared , automatically , with us and with other Nintendo users .
These features also allow us , and other Nintendo users , to automatically contact and interact with you .
When these features are enabled by you , you may receive information about , and communications from , other Nintendo users , and you may also receive advertising and promotional materials from Nintendo and its third party partners .
You may disable these local communication features at any time through the system settings on your Nintendo device .
Legal and Business Purposes .
We may disclose your information in order to comply with legal process , to respond to claims or inquiries , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Nintendo , our users , or the public .
Your information may also be disclosed as part of any sale or transfer of company assets , if legally permitted .
You are responsible for any information that you share with others through use of our products and services .
Please be aware that other users may be able to store , modify , or share with third parties , information that you provide to them .
We may offer you an account for one or more of our loyalty programs , including Club Nintendo , so that you have the opportunity to receive personalized content and participate in a variety of activities , promotions and programs .
Within certain parameters , you may be able to link your Nintendo device or network account to your loyalty account .
In such circumstances , we will use your information to , for example , automatically register your purchases in your loyalty account so that you have the opportunity to receive rewards and promotions .
You may unlink these accounts in the settings section of the Nintendo eShop .
You may disclose your information to third parties when you use our products and services in order to play third-party games , use third-party applications or plugins , view third-party advertisements , or visit third-party websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before submitting any information to them .
ATTENTION PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS : PROTECTING CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
In accordance with applicable law , we obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children .
You can find information about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from our users , including children under the age of 13 , in the sections above titled YOUR INFORMATION , USE OF INFORMATION , DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .
Before responding to your request to review personal information collected from your child , we may require that you follow reasonable procedures to help verify your identity as the child 's parent or legal guardian .
We may deny any request that fails to follow these procedures .
If you choose to have your child 's personal information deleted , or refuse to permit further collection or use of your child 's personal information , certain features of our products and services may be limited or unavailable .
Please note that third-party game publishers , application providers , and content providers may collect , use , and disclose your child 's personal information through our products and services when your child uses third-party services or content .
Nintendo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties , and we recommend that you review their privacy notices before your child provides or exchanges any personal information through third-party services or content .
We strongly recommend that you supervise your child 's use of our products and services at all times .
You can restrict your child 's use of certain features of our products and services by setting up the parental controls on your Nintendo device .
For a detailed description of these parental control features , please see the user manual for your Nintendo device .
Nintendo uses reasonable measures , and has established reasonable safeguards , to help protect your information from loss , theft , misuse , and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us or that we collect , and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information .
If you install unauthorized applications or content on , or make unauthorized modifications to , your Nintendo device or its software , your information may be compromised .
Nintendo is not responsible for any collection , use or disclosure of information from any Nintendo device that has unauthorized modifications or contains unauthorized software or content .
You may use a Nintendo device without providing us your information ; however , some features and applications may not be available to you .
You can opt-out of the collection of certain information by not using our services .
You also may be able to opt-out of certain types of information collection through your Nintendo device settings , parental controls or other opt-out mechanisms we make available to you .
You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages from Nintendo by following the instructions contained in those email messages .
REMOVING INFORMATION STORED ON YOUR NINTENDO DEVICE
Certain information about you may be stored on your Nintendo device .
For your protection , before selling , transferring , or otherwise disposing of your Nintendo device , please remove all stored information , including information stored on any of the device 's accessories .
For instructions on how to remove stored information from your Nintendo device , please see the user manual or visit support.nintendo.com .
If you transfer data from one Nintendo device to another , using any of our system transfer tools or features , any information about you , that is stored on that device , will be transferred as part of the process .
Any information you provide , or that is collected through use of our products and services , may be stored , processed , and transferred within , or to , the United States , or any other country in which we or our affiliated companies or third party partners maintain facilities .
As a result , it is possible that your information could be accessed by foreign governmental authorities , or otherwise , in accordance with applicable local laws .
By using our US based website , you consent to the collection , storage , processing , and transfer of your information in and to the United States , or other countries and territories , pursuant to the laws of the United States .
We abide by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Swittzerland .
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time .
When we update this Privacy Notice , we will revise the `` Last Updated '' date above .
Updates will be posted at support.nintendo.com .
We recommend that you review this Privacy Notice each time you use our products or services to help you stay informed of our privacy practices .
This Privacy Notice and the certification seal located on our website confirms that we are a valid licensee , and participating member , of the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's Privacy Certified Program : ESRB Privacy Certified .
To help protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative .
As a licensee in this privacy certification program , we are subject to frequent audits of our websites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB .
All of our sites containing the ESRB certification seal have been reviewed , and certified , by ESRB to meet established online information collection and use practices .
CONTACT US WITH YOUR PRIVACY QUESTIONS , COMMENTS OR CONCERNS

The National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) provides this Web site as a public service .
We do not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you when you visit our Web sites unless you choose to provide that information to us .
We do collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful .
NLM never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to NLM 's functions .
Type of Information Collected
When you visit any Web site , certain information about your visit can be collected .
NLM automatically collects and temporarily stores the following type of information about your visit :
Internet address and domain from which you visited the NLM Web site
Information about the operating system and browser used
Date and time of the visit
Internet address of the Web site that connected you to the NLM Web site
This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and improve organization , coverage , system performance or problem areas .
This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users .
When search features offer suggested terms , these suggestions are based on aggregated data only .
NLM periodically deletes its Web logs .
On occasion , NLM may provide aggregated information to third party entities it contracts with for the purposes of research analysis .
Aggregated data can not be linked back to an individual user .
If your electronic medical record ( EMR ) , patient health record ( PHR ) or other system links you to MedlinePlus , your diagnosis codes or other information , such as medications or procedures names , are sent to our site in order to link you to the most appropriate information .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
We may review information in order to make improvements to our site and better meet user needs , but such information is reviewed at an aggregated level .
When you visit any Web site , it may place a small text file , known as a `` cookie '' on your computer .
The cookie allows the Web site to `` remember '' specific information about your visit while you are connected or when you return to that site .
The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( PDF* , 1.03MB ) , 6/25/10 , allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies , defined below .
The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages .
Cookies from NLM Web pages only collect information about your browser 's visit to the site ; they do not collect personal information about you .
While visiting certain NLM sites , you may occasionally encounter a Web page that automatically employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these Web pages .
NLM Web sites may use either single session ( temporary ) or multi-session ( persistent ) cookies .
Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as `` Usage Tier 1 Single Session . ''
This tier encompasses any use of single session Web measurement and customization technologies .
Persistent Cookies : NLM uses persistent cookies to enhance the Web experience for our users .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NLM until they expire .
The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as `` Usage Tier 2 Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) . ''
This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected .
For example , NLM uses persistent cookies to enable a PubMed retrieval system feature called `` MyNCBI . ''
The persistent cookie retains user preferences such as search result filters , LinkOut displays , institutional icon links , document delivery services , etc . across user sessions .
Users may opt out of the persistent cookie selection in their MyNCBI settings at any time .
NLM also uses persistent cookies to avoid repeated invitations to take the American Customer Satisfaction Inventory ( ACSI ) survey .
The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days .
NLM may employ persistent cookies in other ways consistent with our mission and the OMB guidelines to analyze use patterns and improve our users ' experience on NLM Web sites .
How to Opt Out or Disable Cookies
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer , you can disable them at any time from your Web browser .
If you opt out of cookies , you will still have access to all information and resources at NLM , but may be unable to use cookie-dependent features .
Please note that by disabling cookies from your Web browser , you will disable cookies from all sources , not just those from NLM .
Personally Identifiable Information ( PII
If you choose to send us personal information by email , or by filling out a form on our Web site , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request .
If provided , personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged .
Third party contractors may have access to this information in order to provide a response to your question or comment .
These contractors are held to strict policies to safeguard the information and provide the same level of privacy protection as guaranteed by NLM .
On occasion , we may conduct a study concerning the types of questions sent to us .
These studies help us to improve our Web sites in order to make them more responsive to the needs of our users .
We do not give , share , sell , or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law .
Links to Other Sites
Some NLM Web sites , such as MedlinePlus , provide links to other Internet sites that provide health information .
Once you link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site .
The U.S. Government maintains this site .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , we use software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Causing damage to federal computer systems is a violation of U.S. law and is subject to criminal prosecution in federal court .
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations , and pursuant to any required legal process , information from NLM Web logs may be used to help identify an individual .
Third-Party Web Sites and Applications
Third-Party Web sites and Applications ( TPWA ) are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NLM .
They may be hosted on a non-government Web site or embedded on an NLM Web page .
TPWA technologies may make personally identifiable information ( PII ) available to NLM , regardless of whether we request or collect it .
In addition , other official Government Web sites we link to or cooperate with may use a third-party to handle some aspect of an information collection ( for example : contest nomination process ) .
As a result , our stated privacy policy/notice may not apply .
We use these technologies to communicate and interact with you .
Examples include social media Web sites such as Twitter and Facebook .
Your activity on these non-government sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of those sites .
When you use them , you are often sharing information with the general public , other users , and/or the group operating that site or application .
We recommend you review the privacy policies of these sites before using them to ensure you understand how these third-party sites and applications might use your information .
You may be able to adjust the privacy settings on your account .
The list below includes the applications we use and their purposes .
For any sites or applications that collect PII , this list also includes details on the information they collect and how NLM protects your private information .
AddThis allows you to bookmark and share NLM content in a variety of ways , including through social media sites and your Web-based email service .
You do not need to register or provide any personal information to use AddThis .
The AddThis service collects non-personal data , including aggregate and summary statistics on Web browsers and usage patterns .
AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage their service efficiently and diagnose server problems .
Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NLM , these reports do not include any personally identifiable information .
The reports are password protected and only available to NLM managers , members of the NLM Web Teams , and other designated NLM staff requiring this information to perform their duties .
NLM uses the Go.USA.gov and Bit.ly URL shortening services .
The shorter URLs are shared in our e-mail messages , Twitter feeds , and on NLM 's Facebook pages .
The services collect data about how often users click on these shortened URLs .
The analytics data is provided by Go.USA.Gov and Bit.ly .
This data does not provide any personally identifiable information about the visitors who opened NLM 's shortened links .
NLM has multiple Facebook pages where we share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Facebook pages .
If you have a Facebook account and `` Like '' NLM Facebook pages , you may post comments or click the `` Like '' link for individual entries .
If you comment on or `` Like '' NLM Facebook content , personally identifying information will be visible to other Facebook visitors , including NLM staff .
The amount of visible personal information about you will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings .
To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create a Facebook account , post comments or click on the `` Like '' options in Facebook .
NLM does not collect , use or disclose any information about visitors who comment on or `` Like '' NLM Facebook pages .
Facebook collects and reports non-personally identifiable information about activities on NLM 's Facebook pages .
This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM Facebook pages , who require this information to perform their duties .
NLM uses GovDelivery to manage email subscriptions for its electronic newsletters , email alerts and other messages about NLM products and services .
To subscribe to Gov Delivery for NLM updates , you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences , including the NLM products and type of updates you would like to receive .
GovDelivery collects non-identifiable information about the number of messages sent , how often people open the email messages and whether they click on the links in messages .
This information is provided to NLM managers on GovDelivery 's password protected Web site .
It is only available to NLM managers and staff who manage the email subscription lists as part of their regular duties .
NLM uses iTunes to make iPhone , iPod and iPad apps available for download through the Apple 's App Store .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view the NLM app in the App Store .
If you use the iTunes application to view information about NLM apps , iTunes collects information specified in its privacy policy .
If you have an iTunes account and download an app , you may rate or review the app .
If you review an NLM app , your personally identifiable information will be visible to other iTunes visitors , including NLM staff .
The amount of visible personal information will depend on your account settings .
To avoid displaying your personally identifiable information , you should not create an iTunes account , download apps , or post ratings .
NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose , or share any information about people who download NLM apps .
Apple collects and provides non-identifying information on how many times an app is downloaded and the continent it is downloaded from .
This information is password protected and only available to NLM managers and the administrators of the NLM iTunes apps , who require this information to perform their duties .
NLM uses Twitter to send short messages ( up to 140 characters ) , which are also known as `` Tweets , '' to share information about NLM news , program activities , and other items that may be of interest to you .
We also respond to comments and questions sent via Twitter to NLM .
You do not need to register or provide personal information to view our Twitter feeds .
To create an account , you must provide your name and email address and create a user name and password .
You may provide additional information including a short biography , location or a picture .
Most of your personal information in your Twitter account is available to the public unless you update your privacy settings .
NLM staff monitor the number of subscribers ( known as `` Followers '' ) and respond to their comments and queries via Twitter , but we do not track the personal information of our Twitter followers .
NLM does not collect , maintain , disclose or share any information about people who follow NLM on Twitter .
*PDF documents require the use of the Adobe Reader , which can be downloaded from the Adobe Web site at no charge .

Information that you voluntarily provide
How information is used
Links to other sites
Third-party social media tools
Google Earth and Google Maps
We are committed to the privacy of our visitors .
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to NOAA.gov :
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store information such as the following concerning your visit :
The Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a university 's domain ) ;
Your IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website .
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ; and
If you linked to our website from another website , the address of that website .
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity , such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act or other law .
Information that you voluntarily provide
We do not collect personally-identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us .
If you provide us with personally identifiable information ( e.g. , by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website ) , we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request .
Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose .
When users click the `` Submit '' button on any of the Web forms found on our site , they are indicating voluntary consent to use of the information they submit for the stated purpose .
We do not collect or use information for commercial marketing .
How information is used
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , comments on proposed rules ; license applications ; to respond to requests for information about our regulations and policies ; and to fill orders ) .
We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected , so that our users can determine for themselves whether they wish to provide the information .
We may share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency .
In other limited circumstances , such as responses to requests from Congress and private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose information you submit .
Before you submit personally identifiable information , such as on an online form , you will be advised as to the purpose and how the information will be used .
We may also share information collected during your visit with non-federal entities , but only if your inquiry requires accessing data from that external entity .
All of our sites that require such external access will be clearly identified to help you make an informed choice .
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute or official policy .
Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration .
In some cases information submitted to us may become an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request .
Links to other sites
This site may have links to the websites of other federal agencies .
There may be links to private organizations provided with their permission .
Once you go to a site other than ours , you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site .
It is always a good idea to read the privacy policy of any website that you visit .
NOAA.gov does not control or guarantee the accuracy , relevance , timeliness or completeness of information contained in a linked site .
We also do not endorse the organizations or individuals maintaining sites that we link to , any views they express or any products/services they offer .
`` Cookies '' are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ( session cookies ) or saved on a user 's hard drive in order to identify that user or information about that user the next time she/he logs onto a website ( persistent cookies ) .
This website does not use persistent cookies or any other persistent tracking technology .
One or more of our component sites may use session cookies to provide streamlined navigation .
These session cookies are deleted from the component 's server after your session ends , and information from them is not collected or saved .
This website may offer educational content to children under 13 years old .
No personally identifiable information is collected from them unless it is voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services .
The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users .
Third-party social media tools
NOAA maintains official pages or accounts on several third-party websites in order to better engage with the American public and promote awareness of our activities , events , news and information ( Note : A basic list of these tools is highlighted below .
You can find a full listing of NOAA 's main social media channels on our social media page ) .
Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third-party sites .
Users of third-party sites are often sharing information with the general public , user community and/or the third-party operating the third-party site .
You should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them to ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences .
Some of these sites include Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and flickr .
Facebook is a social networking website where users can connect and interact with other people .
NOAA 's Facebook page features new content every workday to keep you up-to-date on NOAA news and information .
Please note that you are subject to Facebook 's privacy policy when visiting our Facebook page .
In addition , users may post comments on the NOAA Facebook page .
Please see our comment policy for more information .
Twitter is a microblogging service to communicate and stay connected through the exchange of short , frequent posts of 140 characters or less ( including spaces ! ) called tweets .
We tweet regularly to keep you abreast of news and other information from our agency .
YouTube is a video-sharing service .
The videos we share on the NOAA YouTube channel also appear on the NOAA.gov website .
Please note that you are subject to YouTube 's privacy policy when visiting our YouTube page .
flickr is an online photo-sharing service .
The NOAA images that we share on the NOAA flickr page are copies of those that appear on our websites .
Please note that you are subject to flickr 's privacy policy when visiting our Flickr page .
In addition , users may post comments on images on the NOAA flickr page .
Please see our comment guidelines for more information .
AddThis is a social sharing service that allows site visitors to easily share content from most NOAA website pages via a sharing bar .
Dozens of social sharing sites and services are available .
Please note that you are subject to the AddThis privacy policy when using this service .
Here 's how it works : Google Analytics places a small file on your computer , commonly called a cookie , so that it can recognize your computer if you visit our NOAA.gov website in the future .
This cookie does not collect personal identifying information .
This is considered a Tier 2 service in the OMB guidance .
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information through its cookie and does not combine , match , or cross-reference NOAA.gov information with any other information .
Please review the Google Analytics privacy policy for additional information .
Visitors who choose to disable this web measurement tool will still have full access to NOAA.gov .
While the details vary from browser to browsers , most modern browsers can be set up to accept , reject or request user intervention when a site asks to set a cookie .
Google Analytics uses a cookie that begins with : _utm .
Google EarthTM and Google MapsTM
Google Maps and Google Earth map information and photographic imagery are used under license by Google .
NOAA data presented using Google Maps/Google Earth are in the public domain and made available in open standard KML/KMZ format .
The map information and photographic imagery contain trade names , trademarks , service marks , logos , domain names and other distinctive brand features .
This does not imply a NOAA endorsement of Google , Google Maps or Google Earth products or services .
Under the terms of the license , you are permitted to copy or use the Google Maps/Google Earth images on your site as long as Google Maps/Google Earth trade names , trademarks , service marks , logos , domain names and other distinctive brand features are not deleted or in any manner altered .
Please note that you are subject to Google 's privacy policy when using this service .
This privacy policy page was updated on May 16 , 2013

WE CARE ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY
Nokia Corporation , including its affiliates , is committed to respect your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws .
This privacy policy ( Policy ) describes how we collect and use personal data where Nokia is the data controller or where we refer to the applicability of this Policy .
Personal data means information relating to you or another identifiable individual .
We will give you additional privacy information that is specific to a product or service in Supplements to this Policy and other notices you may see while using our products or services .
If there is a difference between such notices and this Policy , the notices should be considered first .
Software on your device may access your information .
Our products or services may contain links to other companies ' websites and services that have privacy policies of their own .
Nokia is not responsible for the privacy practices of others and we recommend you read their privacy notices .
If you do not agree with this Policy , do not use our products and services or provide Nokia with your personal data .
What Information Do We Collect
We collect your personal data and other information when you make a purchase , use or register into our products and services , take part in campaigns or research or otherwise interact with us .
This includes following categories :
Product and service activations Nokia products and services may require electronic activation , where your device and application type , phone number as well as unique device , application , network and subscription identifiers are sent to Nokia .
Depending on your device model and settings , device location at the time of the first power up may also be collected .
Use of products and services When you access our services online , our web servers automatically create records of your visit .
These records typically include IP-address , access times , the sites linked from , pages visited , the links and features used , the content viewed or requested , browser or application type , language and other such information .
See also our Cookie policy .
Our applications may contact our servers periodically , for example to check for updates or to send us information relating to service usage .
Additionally , we may invite you to join voluntary product and service improvement or research programs where detailed information is collected .
See Supplements to this Policy for more details .
Information you provide us with When you create an account , make a purchase , request services , participate in research or campaigns or otherwise interact with us , we may ask for information such as your name , email address , phone number , street address , user names and passwords , feedback , information relating to your devices , age , gender , and language , bank account number , credit card details and other such financial information .
We also maintain records of your consents , preferences and settings relating to , for example , location data , marketing and sharing of personal data .
Your transactions with us We maintain records of your purchases , downloads , the content you have provided us with , your requests , agreements between you and Nokia , the products and services provided to you , payment and delivery details , your contacts and communications and other interactions with us .
We may , in accordance with applicable law , record your communication with our customer care or with other such contact points .
Positioning and Location data Location-based services establish location through the use of satellite , mobile , Wi-Fi or other network based positioning methods .
These technologies may involve exchanging your location data and unique device and mobile , Wi-Fi or other network related identifiers with Nokia .
Our products using Microsoft operating system connect to both Microsoft 's and Nokia 's positioning servers .
We do not use this information to identify you personally without your consent .
When you use our location based services and features , for example location based search , navigation and routing , or request for map data , your location data is sent to Nokia to serve you with the right content , which may also include location based advertising .
Why Do We Process Personal Data
Nokia may process your personal data for the following purposes .
One or more purposes may apply simultaneously .
Providing products and services We may use your personal data to provide you with our products and services , to process your requests or as otherwise may be necessary to perform the contract between you and Nokia , to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services , to identify you as well as to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses .
Accounts Some services may require an account to help you manage your content and preferences .
If you create a Nokia Account , information about your device and service activations , use of products and services and your other transactions may be combined with your Nokia Account information to enable us to better personalize your experience .
With your consent , information collected through voluntary research and improvement programs may also be combined with your account .
If you log in to our services using credentials of other services , such credential information is used to identify and manage your information and interactions in Nokia 's systems .
Developing and managing products and services We may use your personal data to develop and manage our products , services , customer care , sales and marketing .
We may combine personal data collected in connection with your use of a particular Nokia product and/or service with other personal data we may have about you , unless such personal data was collected for a different purpose .
Communicating with you We may use your personal data to communicate with you , for example to inform you that our services have changed or to send you critical alerts and other such notices relating to our products and/or services and to contact you for customer care related purposes .
Marketing , advertising and making recommendations We may contact you to inform you of new products , services or promotions we may offer and to conduct market research when we have your consent or it is otherwise allowed .
We may use your personal data to personalize our offering and to provide you with more relevant services , for example , to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our services .
This may include displaying Nokia and third party content .
Do We Share Personal Data
We do not sell , lease , rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise stated below .
Your consent and social sharing services We may share your personal data if we have your consent to do so .
Some services may allow you to share your personal data with other users of the service or with other services and their users .
Please consider carefully before disclosing any personal data or other information that might be accessible to other users .
Nokia companies and authorized third parties We may share your personal data with other Nokia companies or authorized third parties who process personal data for Nokia for the purposes described in this Policy .
This may include for example billing through your network service provider or otherwise , delivery of your purchases , providing services including customer service , managing and analyzing consumer data , credit checks , conducting research and managing marketing and other such campaigns .
When you purchase a Nokia product from us with a network service provider plan , we may need to exchange information with your network service provider to provide you with such service .
We may conduct joint marketing and other communications with our partners , for example your mobile operator .
To avoid duplicate or unnecessary communications and to tailor the message to you we may need to match information that Nokia has collected with information that the partner has collected where this is permitted by law .
These authorized third parties are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purposes .
We require them to act consistently with this Policy and to use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data .
International transfers of personal data Our products and services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world .
Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our services , including to countries outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection , for example , the United States of America .
In such cases we ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law , for example , by using standard agreements approved by relevant authorities ( where necessary ) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures .
Mandatory disclosures We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your personal data to certain authorities or other third parties , for example , to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate .
We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend Nokia 's legitimate interests , for example , in civil or criminal legal proceedings .
Mergers and Acquisitions If we decide to sell , buy , merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries , this may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers , or receiving personal data from sellers and their advisers .
How Do We Address The Privacy of Children
Nokia products and services are typically intended for general audiences .
Nokia does not knowingly collect information of children without the consent of their parents or guardians .
Nokia publishes safety guidelines for using internet services in our websites .
How Do We Address Data Quality
We take reasonable steps to keep the personal data we possess accurate and to delete incorrect or unnecessary personal data .
We encourage you to access your personal data through your account from time to time to ensure that it is up to date .
What Steps Are Taken To Safeguard Personal Data
Privacy and security are key considerations in the creation and delivery of our products and services .
We have assigned specific responsibilities to address privacy and security related matters .
We enforce our internal policies and guidelines through an appropriate selection of activities , including proactive and reactive risk management , security and privacy engineering , training and assessments .
We take appropriate steps to address online security , physical security , risk of data loss and other such risks taking into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected .
Also , we limit access to our data bases containing personal data to authorized persons having a justified need to access such information .
How Do We Use Cookies and Web Beacons
Nokia uses cookies , web beacons and other similar technologies to operate and improve our websites and offering .
We also use cookies for personalization and to display ads .
Some Nokia websites use third party advertising technologies , such as DoubleClick , to serve ads .
Our domains may include third party elements that set cookies on behalf of a third party , for example relating to third party social network .
Please visit our Cookie policy to find out more about how Nokia uses cookies and how you can disable cookies by browser settings or otherwise .
What Are Your Rights
You have a right to know what personal data we hold about you .
You have a right to have incomplete , incorrect , unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated .
You have a right to unsubscribe from direct marketing messages and to request that we stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes or on other compelling legal grounds .
However , if you opt-out from marketing and other communications from Nokia , critical alerts may still be sent to you .
You may exercise your rights by contacting Nokia Care or by managing your account and choices through available profile management tools on your device and our services .
In some cases , especially if you wish us to delete or stop processing your personal data , this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide the services to you .
Who Is The Controller of Your Personal Data
Nokia Corporation of Keilalahdentie 4 , 02150 Espoo , Finland is the controller of your personal data .
In addition , the Nokia affiliate providing the product or service may be a controller of your personal data .
You may find the identity of the controller and its contact details by reviewing the terms and conditions of such a product or service or by using contact information provided in the applicable Nokia websites .
In matters pertaining to Nokia 's privacy practices you may also contact us at :
US Safe Harbor Privacy Framework
Nokia Inc. , 200 S. Mathilda Ave. , Sunnyvale , CA 94086 , USAadheres to the EU-US/Swiss-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .
If you have questions or concerns about Nokia 's participation in the Safe Harbor Framework , please contact :
200 S. Mathilda Ave. , Sunnyvale , CA 94086 , USA .
Attention : Legal Director , North America .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Nokia may from time to time change this Policy or change , modify or withdraw access to this site at any time with or without notice .
However , if this Policy is changed in a material , adverse way , Nokia will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site 's home page for 30 days .
We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy .

Effective Date December 3 , 2013
See related : NPR Terms of Use
NPR 's Privacy Policy is summarized here .
Please scroll down to see the full Privacy Policy .
NPR collects geolocation data through the NPR Services for purposes of offering visitors relevant content , including content from nearby Member stations .
Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude , rounded to a few miles radius , or based on IP addresses .
NPR collects contact information , such as name , address , email address , and phone number , that users voluntarily submit by , for example , registering for newsletters or an NPR account , creating a public profile for your account , making a purchase in the NPR Shop , sharing a story , or submitting comments or materials to NPR .
NPR collects credit card numbers provided by NPR Shop customers .
NPR 's web server creates access logs for visitors to the NPR Services , recording such information as IP address , date and time of visit , path taken , browser , list of files downloaded or viewed , and time spent listening to audio .
NPR collects information from a visitor 's mobile device or app , including device identifier , operating system , phone model , app version and automobile make .
NPR may collect information related to content preferences .
NPR may collect a visitor 's personal information ( such as age or gender ) ( a ) that the visitor has chosen to associate with the visitor 's social media account ( s ) , with the visitor 's specific additional consent , or ( b ) in aggregated , non-identifying form through third party vendors .
NPR uses cookies and web beacons to track certain user activity .
NPR 's third party vendors that provide analytics services , provide NPR 's discussion platform , and serve sponsorship messages also may use their own cookies and web beacons .
NPR uses the personal information it gathers ( a ) to provide requested products and services , ( b ) to identify users when NPR publishes material they submitted , and ( c ) for internal NPR and NPR Member station purposes .
NPR uses access logs , content preferences , cookies , web beacons , and third party analytics data to analyze use of the NPR Services , offer interactive features , and personalize the NPR Services , such as by recalling user information so that the user does not have to re-enter it , offering local station content or other content that may be of interest to the visitor , and displaying more relevant sponsorship messages .
Sharing Information with Third Parties
NPR generally does not share personal information it gathers with third parties , except with NPR member stations , NPR service vendors ( to the extent necessary for the vendor to provide the services ) , and other third parties when the user consents .
Any information a user posts or shares through the NPR Services will become available to the public .
NPR will release user information when required to do so by law or when it believes it is necessary to protect NPR , NPR employees , users of the NPR Services , or the public .
If you have questions , wish to correct , update or remove any of your personal information , or wish to opt out of future communications from NPR , please Contact Us .
Full Version of Privacy Policy
At NPR ( which refers to NPR and its subsidiary organizations ) , we recognize the importance of privacy to visitors of NPR.org , NPR 's mobile sites and applications , any other NPR sites , applications and services , and any features of these sites , applications and services ( the `` NPR Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit the NPR Services and how that information may be used .
Please note that this Privacy Policy is separate and distinct from the privacy policies governing the web sites , applications and services of NPR 's member stations , and the web sites , applications and services that may link to or from the NPR Services .
NPR collects personally-identifying information ( such as your name , e-mail address , address , telephone number , and credit card information ) from the NPR Services for a variety of purposes .
NPR asks visitors to provide certain personal information when they register for certain features or services of the NPR Services ( for example , an NPR account , Application Programming Interface ( API ) Content access , and NPR e-mail newsletters ) , when they create a public profile for their NPR account , when they e-mail , send via SMS ( Short Message Service ) or text message , or otherwise share a story from the NPR Services , when they make a purchase from the NPR Shop , when they post , upload , transmit and/or otherwise submit ( `` Submit '' ) a comment , message , story idea , essay , photo , image , or other text , content or material ( `` User Materials '' ) , and when they register for an NPR tour or event or any online contests .
NPR also may ask visitors to provide personal information in other limited circumstances specified at the time the information is gathered .
Any information that you Submit on or through NPR 's social networking features , forums and discussions , as part of story or blog comments , or otherwise Submit to the NPR Services , may become public , including the full name and nickname that you provide when registering an NPR account or creating a public profile .
Within NPR 's mobile sites and applications and any features of these sites and applications ( `` NPR Mobile Services '' ) , NPR collects a device 's operating system , phone model , app version , automobile make , and content preferences .
NPR also collects geolocation data through the NPR Services .
Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude , rounded to a few miles radius , or based on IP addresses .
NPR also may collect other personal information ( such as age , gender or other demographic information ) ( a ) that the visitor has chosen to associate with his or her own social media account ( s ) , if the visitor provides specific additional consent through the authentication process for the visitor 's social media account provider ( s ) , or ( b ) in aggregated non-identifying form through third-party vendors that use cookies to provide analytics services .
Like all other Web servers , NPR 's Web server automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses the NPR Services .
These `` access logs '' allow us to make our site more useful to our visitors .
The access logs do NOT record a visitor 's name , address , e-mail address , credit card numbers , or any other personally-identifying information .
Rather , they contain some or all of the following information :
The Internet Protocol Address ( IP Address ) of the machine which accessed the NPR
General location information ( based on IP Address )
Device identifier ( for users of NPR Mobile Services )
The date of the visit .
The time of the visit .
The path taken through the NPR Services , including any `` favorites '' selected by user .
The browser being used .
A list of files downloaded or viewed .
The amount of time spent listening to/viewing media files .
Any errors encountered .
Cookies and Other Technologies
NPR also uses 'cookies ' to collect information .
A cookie is a string of characters that can be written to a file on the user 's hard drive when the user visits a web site , application or service .
Only the web site , application or service that set the cookie can read it , and it can only be used as a record keeping device to store user IDs and information that the site already has .
It can not be used to read other information from the user 's hard drive .
NPR uses cookies to track users ' activity through the NPR Services , and uses information gathered through third party vendor cookies , to improve the site/application/service architecture , to offer the user interactive features that would not be possible without them , to offer local station content or other content that may be of interest to the visitor , to recall specific information to save the user time during subsequent visits to the NPR Services , and to direct more relevant sponsorship or underwriting messages to the user while the user is on the NPR Services .
For example , cookies allow NPR to remember your registration information while you are logged in .
Local station customization , the NPR Shop , and other interactive features also use cookies .
Third party vendors that measure and analyze the use of the NPR Services for NPR , provide NPR 's discussion platform and serve sponsorship messages onto the NPR Services , also use their own cookies .
For example , NPR 's third party analytics vendors use cookies across multiple websites to collect user data ( such as data related to age , gender and user interests . )
In addition , NPR works with third party vendors which may serve sponsorship or other messages to you on other web sites after you visit the NPR Services .
These third party vendors use their own cookies to recognize you as an NPR Services visitor and to serve you sponsorship or other messages on other web sites that they believe you will find most relevant .
NPR and its third party vendors also may use web beacons , alone or in conjunction with cookies .
A web beacon is an electronic image , also known as a single-pixel ( 1x1 ) or clear .gif. , which can be used to recognize certain information on your computer , such as cookies , the time and date a page is viewed , or a description of where API Content is placed .
We may use web beacons on this site from time to time for these and other purposes .
Opting Out of Cookies and Web Beacons
If you wish to prevent certain or all cookies or web beacons from being set to your hard drive or device , or to clear existing cookies or web beacons from your browser 's or device 's cache , you may be able to disable them in your browser 's preferences , although your browser might then be unable to accommodate certain functionalities on the NPR Services .
Visitors desiring to prevent data from being collected by Google Analytics may use the opt-out browser add-on developed by Google for this purpose .
Please note that if you opt out , you will still receive other types of messages that are not personalized or interest-based .
Opting out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt out is applied .
If you subsequently delete your browser cookies , you will need to opt out again .
The use of personally-identifying information is limited to the following : managing and administering the NPR Services ; responding to user messages ; listing name and location ( city , state and/or country ) information provided by users when broadcasting or publishing User Materials ; fulfillment of NPR Shop orders ; offering access to NPR tours and events ; contest management ; editorial purposes such as contacting users for an online survey ; sending NPR e-mail newsletters and other communications , including marketing and promotional communications , from NPR or NPR member stations to users who have 'opted in ' to the receipt of such communications ; other internal NPR or NPR member station purposes ; and other purposes specified at the time the information is gathered .
Any geolocation data collected through NPR Services is used to offer relevant content , including content from nearby Member stations to the visitor .
NPR may contact users regarding their submissions in certain circumstances .
Any information that you disclose when participating in the NPR social networking features , forums or discussions ( including creating a profile or submitting a comment to a story or blog or in a discussion thread ) , such as your full name and any nickname , is likely to become public .
This information may be posted on the NPR Services and on the platform of NPR 's third party discussion services vendor .
In addition , NPR , its member stations and their licensees , may use , copy , sublicense , modify , transmit , publicly perform , display , create derivative works of , host , index , cache , tag , encode , and/or adapt any User Materials , and any information contained therein , in any and all media formats or channels , whether now known or hereafter devised , including , but not limited to , the NPR Services , NPR member station web sites and services , other third party web sites and services , over the air ( on radio or television ) , and on mobile platforms .
Further , other users of the NPR Services may embed a widget or feed that allows your User Materials to appear on their personal , noncommercial web site , blog or other application , subject to conditions set forth in the Terms of Use .
You also may opt in to sharing your NPR Services profile and comments with other websites and social media platforms , but only by taking action on the website for NPR 's third party discussion services vendor .
Any such action is governed by the terms and privacy policy of NPR 's third party discussion services vendor , and not of NPR .
In addition , if you send User Materials to NPR through the NPR Services , we may print the User Materials , or an excerpt from the User Materials , on the NPR Services , read them on air , or otherwise publish them in any other medium , together with your name and location ( city , state and/or country ) if you provide that information to us .
Excluding information provided by the user when participating in the NPR social networking features , forums or discussions , or sending User Materials to NPR , which may become public as discussed above , personally-identifying information collected by NPR is not provided to outside parties except NPR member stations , NPR service vendors ( such as NPR Shop fulfillment service , NPR 's email list manager , and the provider of the tool that allows users to sign in using information from their account with a third party service ) , and other third parties when the user specifically consents to such distribution ( such as the disclosure of your name to a friend when you email , send via SMS or text message , or otherwise share a story to that friend ) .
In these circumstances , the information is provided for the sole purpose of and only to the extent necessary for delivering the requested goods to the user , delivering communications from NPR or NPR member stations to users who have 'opted in ' to the receipt of these communications , providing services for and on behalf of NPR , or serving other internal NPR or NPR member station purposes .
Visitors to the NPR Mobile Services should be aware that the wireless carrier for your mobile device or the automobile manufacturer also may collect personally-identifying information and geolocation data .
Visitors should check the privacy policies of their wireless carriers and automobile manufacturers for additional information .
NPR also may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law or with legal process , ( b ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NPR Services , or ( c ) protect the personal safety or property of users of the NPR Services , the public or NPR and its employees .
If you do not want your personally-identifying information to be collected or used for any of these purposes , please do not provide it ( although if you do not provide it , you may not be able to use or participate in certain features of the NPR Services ) .
You can also 'opt out ' according to the process described below .
NPR , with the assistance from time to time of its third party service vendors , uses non-identifying aggregate information , including non-identifying aggregate data regarding age , gender and/or user interests , to analyze use of and better design the NPR Services and to share with third parties in aggregate form only as appropriate .
For example , we may tell a third party that a certain number or category of users accessed a particular audio stream on the NPR Services .
We also may share non-identifying aggregate information with third party services that combine NPR 's information with aggregate information from other sources to provide ratings and ranking data or other services of value to NPR .
However , we will not disclose any information that could be used to identify those users .
NPR has in place what we believe to be appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online .
Credit card information provided to the NPR Shop is protected against unauthorized use by 128-bit encryption and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) security features , which scramble your personal information so that only your browser and the NPR Shop 's server can decipher it .
However , no Internet , e-mail or mobile transmission is ever fully secure or error free .
Because most e-mail and mobile transmissions are not encrypted , you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail , SMS or text message , or other mobile transmission .
Under 13 : If you are under 13 years of age , please do not send any information about yourself , including your name , address or e-mail address .
If we discover that we have collected any personally-identifying information from a child under the age of 13 , we will remove that information from our database as soon as possible .
13-18 : You must be at least 18 years old in order to Submit any User Materials on or through the NPR Services , create a public profile , participate in any online contests , or place an order on the NPR Shop .
Visitors between the ages of 13 and 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before registering for e-mail newsletters or other features of the NPR Services or otherwise sending any personally-identifying information .
Corrections to Personal Data ; Opting Out
Please Contact Us to a ) correct or update any personal information in the NPR database that you state is erroneous , b ) opt-out of future communications from NPR , or c ) request NPR to make reasonable efforts to remove your personal information from NPR 's database , thereby canceling your NPR account , NPR newsletter registration and other NPR registrations .
This will not necessarily remove previous public comments and other User Materials Submitted for public display on the NPR Services .
The user understands that it may be impossible to delete personal information entirely because of backups and records of deletions .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms
NPR reserves the right to change this policy .
Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible , so please check this page periodically .
Use of the NPR Services constitutes consent to any policy then in effect .
Please make sure that you read NPR 's Terms of Use to understand additional terms and conditions which apply to the use of the NPR Services .
Links to other Sites and Services
It is important to note that the NPR Services contain links to other sites , applications and services maintained by third parties that may not follow the same privacy policies as the NPR Services .
For instance , clicking or tapping on a sponsorship notice or some third party logos on the NPR Services will take you to an entirely different site , application or service .
These sites , applications and services may use cookies , collect data , and use the data in ways that the NPR Services would not .
NPR is not responsible for the privacy practices or any information or materials on these other sites .
Please visit these sites if you wish to review their privacy policies .
In some cases , the NPR Services may include certain embedded tools provided and controlled by third parties and governed by the terms and policies of the third parties .
You should only use these third party tools if you agree to their respective terms and policies .
The NPR Services include a tool that allows you to sign in or share content using information from your account with a third party service , such as Facebook , Twitter , Google , Yahoo , OpenID , or LinkedIn .
Please be aware that those third party services are unrelated to NPR , and that your use of the third party services is subject to the terms and policies of those services .
For international users , please note that it may be necessary to transfer your information internationally and , in particular , your information may be transferred to and processed in the United States .
For residents of the European Union : the data protection and other laws of other countries outside of the European Union may not be as comprehensive as those of the European Union .
Please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected as described in this policy .
By using this site , you agree to have your information used and transferred to the United States as set forth in this policy .
If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy , please Contact Us .

We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us .
However , we collect and store certain information automatically .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website .
What We Collect and Store Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit :
The Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website ;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ; and
If you linked to our website from another website , the address of that website .
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site , and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you .
If You Send Us E-mail
You may choose to provide us with personal information , as in e-mail with a comment or question .
We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request .
Sometimes we forward your e-mail to other government employees or authorized concessioners who may be better able to help you .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations .
Links to Other Sites
Our website has many links to our partners , especially other federal agencies .
In a few cases we link to private organizations .
When you click one of these partner links , you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site .
Department of Interior Privacy Policy
Department of Interior Childrens Privacy Policy

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS , INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Nuance Communications , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( `` Nuance '' ) provides this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to help you understand how we collect , use and disclose information , including personal information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain as our products and services are used .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , so please check back with us periodically .
This Privacy Policy explains Nuance 's information practices including :
How Nuance uses the personal information you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship .
What personal information , if any , Nuance may share about you and the conditions we use to protect your information if it must be shared .
Other things you should know about privacy and Nuance .
`` Personal Information '' includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify , contact , or locate you or a specific individual .
COLLECTED INFORMATION AND USAGE
By using the Website or Nuance Products , you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Nuance consistent with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy which is expressly incorporated into any applicable Website or Nuance Product Terms of Use or End-User License Agreement .
You also represent to us that you have any and all authorizations necessary to use these Nuance Products including using them to process Personal Information .
Nuance collects and uses the information you provide to us , including information obtained from your use of this Website or a Nuance Product .
We may use or share Personal Information ( e.g. , name , address , telephone number , email address , and location ) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do .
Also , we may use the information that we collect for our internal purposes to develop , tune , enhance , and improve our products and services , and for advertising and marketing consistent with this Privacy Policy .
By using Nuance products and services , you acknowledge , consent and agree that Nuance may collect , process , and use the information that you provide to us and that such information shall only be used by Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products .
Nuance will not use the contents of any communications provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above .
Nuance collects and uses information from you in several ways :
Website or Nuance Product Usage .
Nuance ( or Nuance vendors and suppliers ) may observe your activities , preferences , and transactional data ( such as your IP address and browser type ) as well as related usage behavior depending on whether you are using our Website or a particular Nuance Product .
We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Website or product .
While we may collect or log this information , we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information unless or except if we believe doing so will help us better respond to a request you have made .
Where such non-Personal Information is linked to your Personal Information we will treat such information as Personal Information .
For clarity , when we refer to usage of Website or Nuance Product Usage Data in this section , we do not mean the contents of your voice data or text and related data derived from the contents of your communications using Nuance Products .
For information about specific Nuance Products , please see specific privacy notices directed to such products .
Nuance Product Usage .
Certain Nuance Products require you to enter Speech Data in order to use and derive the benefits of the particular product .
These Nuance Products collect and process the Speech Data you input into the Nuance Products .
Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance , pursuant to confidentiality agreements , use the Speech Data to develop , tune , enhance , and improve Nuance services and products .
Nuance will not use the contents of any Speech Data provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above .
`` Speech Data '' means the audio files , associated text and transcriptions and log files provided by you hereunder or generated in connection with Nuance Products .
Speech Data may include Personal Information .
You may be asked to share Personal Information such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address when you make purchases , seek customer or technical support or otherwise interact with Nuance .
When you shop online or buy direct from Nuance , these purchase transactions may be conducted through Nuance vendors and suppliers .
Vendors and suppliers engaged by Nuance on behalf of Nuance may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy , contractual restrictions , and applicable law .
Nuance ( through its vendors or suppliers ) may limit the acceptance of orders to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law .
You may also make purchases of Nuance Products ; seek customer or technical support through Nuance 's distributors or service providers .
In these circumstances , the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the distributor or service provider or a third-party partner on their website , which will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information .
Product Registration & Technical Support .
Nuance may allow customers to register products online or through similar ways .
Personal Information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request , service , or agreement for which the information is submitted .
With your consent , we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Website or Application ( such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach ) , new Nuance products and services , and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you .
If you register , we may ask for , among other things , your name , address , email , telephone number , type of product purchased , or other product-identifying information .
Failure to register any Nuance product will not diminish the rights you have under the applicable product warranty .
Online Promotions , Contests and Sweepstakes .
You may be asked to provide an email address or screen name , or other Personal Information , for entry into a particular promotion , including sweepstakes and contests , so that we can let you know if you won a prize .
The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion , contest or sweepstakes will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations .
Certain promotions , contests or sweepstakes may be run by a Nuance service provider or vendor or co-branded with one of our partners .
In these instances the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the service provider or vendor or a third-party partner on their website .
The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information if they should differ from this Privacy Policy .
The Nuance Website and Nuance Consumer Products are not directed at children .
If you are under 18 or otherwise would be required to have parent or guardian consent to share information with Nuance , you should not send any information about yourself to us .
As required by law , if a person under 13 submits information through any part of a Nuance Website or a Nuance Product , and we learn the person submitting the information is such a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible .
WHEN NUANCE MAY SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATION
As mentioned in the beginning of this Privacy Policy , Nuance may share Personal Information within Nuance to fulfill its obligations to you and operate its business consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection law .
In addition to what is expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we may also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations :
Nuance Affiliates , Vendors and Suppliers .
Nuance works with many affiliated third parties , vendors , distributors , and suppliers .
To the extent it is necessary for these groups to provide their products and services to us and provide products and services you have requested , these third parties may have access to or process your Personal Information .
Nuance may also sometimes permit our authorized service providers to have access to aggregate statistics about our customers , sales , traffic patterns , and related Website or Application information .
These transfers of aggregate statistics do not involve Personal Information or data .
Recruitment and Job Applications .
Residents of the United States may provide us with Personal Information through our Website .
Personal information such as that contained on a resume or curriculum vitae may be submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry .
We may use this information throughout Nuance ( worldwide ) for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry .
We may keep your information on file for future consideration .
Nuance offers a variety of services and functions through its Websites ( `` Nuance Services '' ) .
Personal Information that is collected through a Website may be used and/or disclosed to third parties in order to enable us to provide Nuance Services .
For example , the Nuance Website may allow you to interface with a third party website or application .
To facilitate that connection , we may use your Personal Information and/or disclose your Personal Information to third parties .
Any information disclosed in public areas of a Nuance Website or to the extent possible in a Nuance Product or other website ( Facebook , YouTube , Twitter , etc . ) will become public information .
We can not control the use of information disclosed in public forums , such as forums , bulletin boards , blogs , chat rooms , and networking functions of mobile-device applications .
You should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas , and be careful how you disclose your Personal Information .
Content posted in public areas of the Nuance Website or Nuance Products , including advice and opinions , represent the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content .
Nuance does not necessarily endorse , support , verify , or agree with the content posted .
Mergers , Acquisitions , and Insolvency .
If Nuance should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Nuance should decide to buy , sell , or reorganize some part or all of its business , Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions
As Required by Law and Other Extraordinary Disclosures .
Nuance may be required to disclose your Personal Information and Speech Data if it : ( i ) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process ( such as a court order , subpoena , search warrant , etc . ) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority , ( ii ) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit , ( iii ) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property , or ( iv ) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others .
If Nuance learns of a security system 's breach , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using this Website or a Nuance Product or providing Personal Information to us , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of this Website or Nuance Product .
Nuance may post a notice on this Website if a security breach occurs .
If this happens , you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the Nuance Website or Application .
Nuance may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances or communicate with you by other means if we can .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CO-BRANDED WEBSITES
This Website or Nuance Product may contain links to third-party websites , however , please be aware that Nuance is not responsible for and can not control the privacy practices of these other websites .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other websites , as they may differ from ours .
This Website or Nuance Product also contains links to co-branded websites that may display Nuance 's logo and trademarks but which are maintained by third parties .
Such websites may be identified by the fact that they do not display a `` Nuance.com '' URL .
Please read the privacy policy on the co-branded website for the applicable privacy practices relating to personal information collected via that website , as it may differ from this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Nuance on its Website or through Nuance Products .
SPECIAL NOTICE TO INTERNATIONAL VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
Because Nuance operates globally , we may transfer your Personal Information and Speech Data within our global operations to fulfill our obligations to you , but always subject to the limitations of applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy .
Privacy laws differ across the globe .
To help visitors whose native language may not be English understand our privacy practices , we may provide special information on our Privacy Policies that may be applicable to these visitors in different languages .
Nuance entities outside the United States may have supplemental privacy policies that may apply in those countries .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , including those whose privacy laws may be more strict than U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States to Nuance .
By providing your personal data you consent to that transfer and processing .
When you provide Nuance with Personal Information , we may communicate with you using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you .
ENFORCEMENT AND MORE INFORMATION
When Nuance receives formal written complaints , it is Nuance 's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns .
We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that can not be resolved between Nuance and an individual .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY NUANCE
If in the future we change our Privacy Policy , we will post the new Privacy Policy on this Website or Application .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future .
Your continued use of this Website or Nuance Product following a change in the Privacy Policy represents consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law .
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy .
Burlington , MA , 01748
Attention : Legal Department- Privacy
Updated : July 2011

The American Society for Nutrition ( ASN ) respects the privacy of its members .
ASN occasionally promotes to its members the efforts of other organizations promoting products , services or events that advance ASN 's mission : excellence in nutrition research and practice .
This is facilitated by one-time use of the ASN postal mail or email records ; ASN handles these promotions and never releases members ' email addresses to any third party .
To opt out of all third party correspondence facilitated through ASN , please update your member profile or email us .
Blog Terms of Service
By using the ASN Blog , you are indicating your acknowledgment and acceptance of these Terms of Service .
If you do not accept and agree to these Terms of Service , you may not use the ASN Blog .
In the event of an inconsistency between the Blog Terms of Service and any other ASN policy , these Blog Terms of Service shall control .
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits .
These Terms of Service are subject to change by ASN at any time at its discretion .
Your use of the ASN Blog after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes .
Use of the ASN Blog includes but is not limited to accessing , reading , and commenting , as well as serving as an invited Blogger for ASN .
Content means any submission , Blog post , comment , or other information or material .
Description of ASN Blog
The ASN Blog is a web publishing service and optional hosting service .
ASN disclaims all responsibility and liability for the Content availability , timeliness , security or reliability of the ASN Blog or any underlying software .
The ASN Blog is provided on an as is and as available basis .
Applied materials expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind , whether express or implied , including , but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , title , and non-infringement .
We do not guarantee the accuracy , completeness , or usefulness of the ASN Blog , and you rely on the ASN Blog at your own risk .
No advice or information obtained by you from applied materials or through or from the Blog will create any warranty not expressly stated in this agreement .
Some states may prohibit a disclaimer of warranties and you may have other rights that vary from state to state .
ASN also reserves the right to modify , suspend or discontinue the ASN Blog with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you .
You agree that you are responsible for your own use of the ASN Blog , for any Blogging , posts and/or comments you make , and for any consequences thereof .
You agree that you will use the ASN Blog in compliance with all applicable local , state , national , and international laws , rules and regulations , including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence and all United States export control laws .
Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your privilege to use the ASN Blog , and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences .
ASN reserves the right , but shall have no obligation , to investigate your use of the ASN Blog in order to ( a ) determine whether a violation of the Terms of Service has occurred or ( b ) comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request .
While ASN of course respects and wishes to promote freedom of expression , certain material is not appropriate for the ASN Blog , including but not limited to material that , in the view of ASN , is defamatory , abusive , obscene , bigoted , or involves the use of profanity .
Material that may infringe the copyright , trademark , patent , or other ownership rights of any person is likewise prohibited .
Finally , because ASN is a tax-exempt organization under Section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code , the Blog may not be used as a vehicle or forum for political or legislative advocacy .
ASN does not endorse , support , represent or guarantee the truthfulness , accuracy , or reliability of any communications posted via the ASN Blog or endorse any opinions expressed via the ASN Blog .
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage
You agree that ASN has no responsibility or liability for the deletion of , or the failure to store or to transmit , any Content and other communications maintained by the ASN Blog .
ASN retains the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice .
Content of the ASN Blog ; Limitation of Liability
Much of the ASN Blog is provided by and is the responsibility of the person or people who made such postings .
ASN takes no responsibility for ASN Blog Content .
Instead , ASN merely provides access to such Content as a service to readers .
ASN reserves the right at all times to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the ASN Blog .
ASN will not be responsible or liable for the exercise or non-exercise of its rights under these Terms of Service .
Any material obtained through the Blog is done at your own discretion and risk , and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer or loss of data that results from the download of any material through the Blog ( including , without limitation , any viruses or other disabling features ) .
ASN is not liable for any direct , indirect , punitive , actual , consequential , special , exemplary , or other damages , including loss of revenue or income , pain and suffering , emotional distress , or similar damages , even if ASN has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
If you are dissatisfied with the ASN Blog , your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using it .
Without limiting the foregoing , in no event will the liability of ASN to any party ( regardless of the form of action , whether in contract , tort , or otherwise ) exceed $ 100 .
As a condition of using the ASN Blog , you agree to the terms of the ASN Privacy Policy , which may be updated from time to time , as expressed in the most recent version that exists at the time of your use .
You agree that ASN may access or disclose your personal information , including the Content of your communications , if ASN is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request ( such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order ) , or as otherwise provided in these Terms of ASN Blog and the general ASN Privacy Policy .
Personal information collected by ASN may be stored and processed in the U.S. or any other country in which ASN or its agents maintain facilities .
By using the ASN Blog , you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country .
ASN owns all right , title and interest in and to the ASN Blog , including all intellectual property rights ( the ASN Rights ) .
ASN Rights are protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws .
You agree not to alter , modify , or create derivative works from the ASN Blog .
You agree not to copy or reproduce works from the ASN Blog unless expressly authorized in writing by ASN .
You also agree that not to employ any robot , spider , other automated device , or manual process to monitor or copy any Content from the ASN Blog .
You hereby grant to ASN the royalty-free , perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , non-exclusive right and license to use , reproduce , modify , adapt , publish , translate , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , and display all Content provided by you and to incorporate any Content in other works in any form , media , or technology now known or later developed .
ASN will not be required to treat any Content as confidential , and may use any Content in its operations or business without incurring any liability for royalties or any other consideration of any kind .
No Resale of the ASN Blog
Unless expressly authorized in writing by ASN , you agree not to reproduce , duplicate , copy , sell , trade , resell or exploit for any commercial purposes any Content .
ASN may , in its sole discretion , at any time and for any reason , terminate the ASN Blog , suspend or terminate your account and your right to use the ASN Blog .
In the event of termination , your account will be disabled and you may not be granted access to your account or any files or other Content contained in your account although residual copies of information may remain in our system for some time for back-up purposes .
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify ASN , and its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , agents , and employees from and against any third-party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the ASN Blog , including any liability or expense arising from all claims , losses , damages ( actual and consequential ) , suits , judgments , litigation costs and attorneys ' fees , of every kind and nature .
In such a case , ASN will provide you with written notice of such claim , suit or action .
Waiver and Severability of Terms
The failure of ASN to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision .
If any provision of the Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid , the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties ' intentions as reflected in the provision , and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect .
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary , any claim or cause of action arising of or related to use of ASN services or the Terms of Service must be filed by you within one ( 1 ) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred .
Choice of Law ; Jurisdiction ; Forum
These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland , without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence .
Any claims , legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with the ASN Blog will be brought solely in Montgomery County , Maryland , and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts .
It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
( 1 ) a detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed ;
( 2 ) a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material ;
( 3 ) your contact information , including your address , telephone number , and , if available , email address ;
( 4 ) your statement that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ;
( 5 ) your statement , made under penalty of perjury , affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf ; and
( 6 ) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner 's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement

NVIDIA Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights
Notice To California Residents Your California Privacy Rights :
Effective January 1 , 2005 , under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ( known as the `` Shine the Light '' law ) , if an individual who is a California resident has provided personal information to a business in connection with a business relationship that is primarily for personal , family , or household purposes , and if that business has within the immediately preceding calendar year disclosed such an individual 's personal information to a third-party and knows or should have known that such third-party used the information for its own direct marketing purposes , then that business is obligated to disclose in writing to such individual upon request , what personal information was shared and with whom it was shared .
A business may comply with this law by : ( i ) having EITHER a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use unless the customer has first affirmatively opted in to such sharing OR a published privacy policy of not sharing a customer 's personal information for third-parties ' direct marketing use if the customer has opted out to prevent his/her personal information from being shared for direct marketing use ; AND ( ii ) notifying the customer of his/her right to opt out and providing a cost-free means for the customer to exercise that right .
Please note that under this law , we are not required to respond to a customer 's request more than once in a calendar year , nor are we required to respond to any request that is not sent to the email or mailing address designated above .
This policy was last updated on January 6 , 2013 .
[ CLICK HERE ] for the NVIDIA Kids Privacy Policy .
What Information We May Collect
Why We Collect Personal Information
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
Links to Other Sites
How to Contact Us
Online Privacy Policy Updates
NVIDIA is committed to implementing appropriate protections for any Personal Information that our users share with us .
NVIDIA 's Online Privacy Policy and Kids Privacy Policy set forth our policies and procedures regarding our collection , use , and/or sharing of your Personal Information .
What Information We May Collect
When users visit our website or mobile apps , we may collect `` Personal information , '' which is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual , such as name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , or other contact information .
In addition , we may collect information about your visits to our websites , including the pages you view , the links and ads you click , search terms you enter , and other actions you take in connection with NVIDIA websites .
We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type and language , access times , the Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site .
When other non-public information , such as product preferences , hobbies or browsing history , is directly associated with personally identifiable information , that other information is treated as Personal Information .
Please note : The NVIDIA Online Store is managed independently by Digital River , Inc. , and is subject exclusively to the Digital River Privacy Statement .
For a complete view of the statement please click here .
[ CLICK HERE ] to learn more about how Personal Information is collected .
Why We Collect Personal Information
The Personal Information we collect helps us process transactions , respond to requests , and learn about our users ' interests in terms of the features , performance and support of our products , and customize our users ' website experience ( including the content and advertisements delivered on our websites ) .
We also use this information to send newsletters or promotional e-mails regarding new or upgraded products and services .
( Please see the section below on Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information . )
We do not sell Personal Information about our customers or website users to any third parties .
We may from time to time share your Personal Information with our business partners , resellers , affiliates , or consulting partners in an effort to better serve you .
For example , when you register for a marketing event or contest on our website , we may share your Personal Information with the business partners that help us run the event or contest .
[ CLICK HERE ] to learn more how we may share your Personal Information with our business partners .
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
NVIDIA respects your choices about how your Personal Information is used when you register with us , elect to receive our newsletters , or provide us with Personal Information for other purposes .
If you choose not to provide any Personal Information when requested on the website , you can still enjoy most areas on the website .
However , you may be unable to access certain areas and services that require our interaction with you .
If you choose to provide NVIDIA with your Personal Information , you can `` opt-in '' to also receive additional communications from NVIDIA , our affiliates or our business partners , such as newsletters , promotional materials , special offers , etc .
We will alert our e-mail marketing partners to stop sending you any further NVIDIA-related communications .
However , we may still send you updates to our Legal Notices , Online Privacy Policy , or regarding any account you have created with us .
We take care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 who visit our websites or mobile apps .
[ CLICK HERE ] to access NVIDIA 's Kids Privacy Policy .
Links to Other Sites
We are not responsible for any content , products or services offered on any third-party websites .
Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only .
This Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Information that you provide to , or that is collected by , any third-party website operator or third-party product/service provider .
We will take all reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure .
How to Contact Us
Online Privacy Policy Updates
We may makes changes to our Online Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website .
By using this website , you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to NVIDIA 's collecting and processing of your Personal Information for the purposes listed herein .
Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in the United States and other countries in which NVIDIA 's backup storage may be located .
NVIDIA is committed to complying with all applicable laws regarding consumer privacy .
At a minimum , your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and the laws of the United States , which may be more or less stringent than the laws in your country .

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for NYDailyNews.com and any other affiliated sites , digital services , or applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears ( collectively , the `` Daily News Services '' ) .
This Privacy Policy governs the use and collection of information collected from you on the Daily News Services .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may provide to us offline or through any means other than the Daily News Services , other than as specifically identified below .
For example , this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may have provided when obtaining a home delivery subscription offline or when entering a sweepstakes by mail , fax or email .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices .
In addition , please review our Terms of Service , which also govern your use of the Daily News Services and which incorporate this Privacy Policy by reference .
This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time and from time to time ; the date of the most recent revision will appear on this page so check back periodically .
You agree that your use of the Daily News Services is subject to this Privacy Policy as then in effect .
Continued access to the Daily News Services by you following any modification in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as modified .
If you do not agree to be bound by all of the terms set forth below , do not use any Daily News Services .
What Information Is Collected
A . Personally Identifying Information
To take advantage of certain optional features or functions of the Daily News Services , we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifying information .
Personally identifying information is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally ( such as your full name , address , or email address ) , and which we may refer to here as `` PII . ''
For example , you may be asked to supply your name and email address if you complete the optional registration process for the Daily News Services , if you participate in a sweepstakes or contest on the Daily News Services , or if you purchase a classified ad using our online ad placement service .
You can choose not to provide such information , but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some features of the Daily News Services .
We do not automatically collect any PII from visitors to the Daily News Services .
After creating a profile on NYDailyNews.com , if you wish to change any of your profile information , you may do so by clicking the `` My Profile '' link when you are logged in and then edit your contact information .
Children Under the Age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifying information from or about children under the age of 13 .
By submitting any personally identifying information , you certify that you are at least 13 years of age .
If we discover that we have received any information from or about a child under 13 in violation of this statement , we will delete that information .
If you believe that we have collected personally identifying information from or about a child under the age of 13 , please contact us at the address provided in the `` QUESTIONS '' section below .
B. Non-Personally Identifying Information
Like many website operators , we sometimes make use of browser `` cookies . ''
A `` cookie '' is a small piece of information that we use to assign each visitor 's computer a unique , random numerical identification code that resides in a designated file on your computer .
Our cookies do not automatically collect personally identifying information .
We may use information collected from cookies to recognize your browser when you visit the Daily News Services , to facilitate easy login , to attempt to personalize the Daily News Services for each user , to ensure that your browser does or does not see the same ad over and over again , to sequence ads and offers in a series and to track page usage and paths , to help serve advertisements , or to facilitate your ability to navigate the Daily News Services .
We may link the cookie to PII you submit or other information we collect .
Separately , third party companies that serve advertisements on the Daily News Services may use cookies and other tracking information , as further detailed below , to collect information about your visits to this Daily News Service and other websites .
To learn more information about the practices of these third party advertising companies , click here .
You can configure your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set by choosing this option in the preferences or menu options in your browser .
However , if you disable cookies , you may not be able to use certain optional features or functions of the Daily News Services .
Like most websites , we use tracking programs that collect information about log files , including browser types , Internet service providers ( ISPs ) , referring/exit pages , platform types , date/time stamps , number of clicks , and Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet , which web servers use to identify where to send the information your computer requests .
We may use IP addresses for a number of purposes , such as system administration , to report aggregate information to our business partners , or to audit the use of the Daily News Services .
We may disclose such non-personally identifying information , such as aggregated statistics , to third parties for a variety of purposes , including describing our services , marketing , and improving the experiences of visitors to the Daily News Services .
The information that we collect regarding log files is not linked to personally identifying information .
Web Beacons/Web Bugs ( Clear GIFs/ Single-Pixel GIFs ) .
A web beacon allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain limited information about the movements of online Web users .
No personally identifying information is collected through web beacons or web bugs .
Advertisers on the Daily News Services may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve ads on the Daily News Services , and they may use such web beacons to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement , in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
Advertisers may also place a web beacon to allow them to recognize an existing cookie on your browser if from the same service .
We do not control web beacons used by such third parties .
How is the Information Collected Used , and How Can I Opt Out
A . Personally Identifying Information .
Authorized Purposes and Special Offers .
Personally identifying information that you voluntarily submit may be used for the purposes authorized when it was submitted .
For example , if you submit PII to request services or content , such as a newsletter , the information that you submit may be used to fulfill your request .
You may pick and choose which email newsletters you wish to receive ( including not to receive any email newsletters ) by clicking the `` Change Newsletter Preferences '' button included on the bottom of every email newsletter you receive from us or by changing your preferences after you log into your online profile on NYDailyNews.com .
In addition , we , our advertisers , or third parties selected by us may send you special offers and information .
If you do not wish to receive such special offers and information sent by email , you may follow the instructions for unsubscribing included within any of such special offers or informational emails .
We may use PII you submit to contact you for internal administrative purposes such as site administration , troubleshooting , or processing of e-commerce transactions , or relating to your use of the Daily News Services or content you post on the Daily News Services , or in our discretion to notify you of major changes to the Daily News Services or this Privacy Policy .
Sweepstakes , Contests and Promotions .
If you win a sweepstakes or contest , your PII may be disclosed on a winners list as required by law .
In addition , by entering a contest or sweepstakes on the Daily News Services , you consent to the use of your PII by us and our service providers providing services in connection with such sweepstakes or contest for purposes of prize fulfillment and/or for marketing , such as to notify you of a product or promotion that may be of interest to you .
If you no longer wish to receive emails about products or promotions that may be of interest to you , you can always opt out of receiving further information by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link included in such emails .
Please note that , if you provide your PII in order to enter one of our sweepstakes , contests or online offers , you may still receive information about the specific sweepstakes , contest or online offer you entered in order for us to fulfill your request or conduct such contest , but you will not receive such other emails about products or promotions if you opt to `` unsubscribe . ''
Service Providers and Third Parties .
Personally identifying information may be shared with third parties as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your information .
Third parties that provide support for the operation of the Daily News Services or features thereof may also have access to such information .
We may also share personally identifying information we have about our users with third parties so that the third parties can send you information and special offers , unless you choose to opt out from such sharing by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in such emails .
We may also combine information about our subscribers with PII you submit on the Daily News Services .
We may also share your PII with third parties to accomplish the purposes for which it was submitted .
For example , if you use the Daily News Services to sign up for home delivery of the print edition of the Daily News , your contact information , including your address , may be shared with a third-party home delivery carrier .
In all cases , however , we will use the information only as permitted by law .
B. Non-Personally Identifying Information
Facilitating Use of the Daily News Services and Customizing Content , Advertising and Offers .
We may use information collected from cookies and other tracking technology to recognize your browser when you visit the Daily News Services and to attempt to personalize the Daily News Services for each user , to sequence ads and offers in a series and to track page usage and paths .
We may also use collected information to allow editorial content and/or advertising on the Daily News Services to be targeted to groups of users for whom it is most pertinent .
This means that users see editorial content and/or advertising most likely to interest them .
In connection with these uses , we may disclose information to third parties .
Third Party Advertisements .
We also use third party companies to serve advertisements on the Daily News Services .
These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to the Daily News Services and other websites , so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads , to track page usage and paths followed during visits , and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage .
These companies may provide this data to us .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We may use collected information to create aggregate statistics about activity on and visitors to the Daily News Services , including the number of return visits to the Daily News Services or our advertisers ' websites , the number of unique visitors that have viewed or `` clicked '' a particular ad or visited a particular web page and how much time is spent on each page of the Daily News Services .
We may also create aggregate demographic statistics .
We may use these aggregate statistics to measure interest in various areas of the Daily News Services , to better design the Daily News Services and to improve our marketing strategy and product offerings .
We may share the aggregate statistical information with third parties .
We also use third parties to assist us with collecting and using these aggregate statistics .
Click here to learn more information about how we use a third party service with cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons to collect and use information on the Daily News Services .
Yahoo ! Yahoo ! is an ad networks partner of ours .
To improve your ad experience on the Daily News Services and elsewhere on the Internet , we may send anonymous information to Yahoo ! based on your browser 's activities , such as the type of pages viewed and categories of interests , so that the advertising you see is relevant to you .
Yahoo ! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display .
Click here to learn more about Yahoo ! 's ad practices , including how to opt out .
Disclosures Required by Law .
As described above , certain uses of collected information may involve disclosure to third parties .
In addition , we may disclose collected information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , or when doing so is reasonably necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) respond to any claims ; ( 3 ) protect and defend the rights , property or personal safety of Daily News , L.P. and its subsidiaries and affiliates , as well as our customers , users or the public ; or ( 4 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Daily News Services .
In addition , collected information may be disclosed as part of any bankruptcy , merger , sale , transfer of company assets or acquisition .
Third Party Sites and Content
During your visit to the Daily News Services you may view as part of a frame that includes our content , certain content and websites that are actually created , operated , owned and/or hosted by a third party or third parties .
You may also see links on the Daily News Services to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third parties .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifying information .
In addition , certain sections of the Daily News Services may have their own , specialized privacy policies , for example because they are part of a social network or hosted by a third party .
You should check the applicable privacy policies of those sections and/or of such social networks .
Is My Information Protected
We use reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard personally identifying information against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
As effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
Moreover , we can not guarantee that information that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us .
Personally identifying information may also be stored on computers of third parties that provide technical support for the operation of the Daily News Services or who otherwise have access to your PII as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
We do not control the security measures used by such third parties .
Users of the Daily News Services who are California residents and who have provided PII to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
New York Daily News Online
4 New York Plaza
New York , NY 10004
Last Updated on May 2 , 2012

Last Updated on October 14 , 2013
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com ( including international.nytimes.com , the online edition of The International New York Times ) The New York Times Home Delivery Web site , The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , Times Skimmer , Times Reader , The New York Times Store and The New York Times Learning Network , Web sites and other applications ( collectively referred to as the NYT Services ) , and to any services that display this notice .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to `` The New York Times '' include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper .
The New York Times Replica Edition , which is maintained by NewspaperDirect , maintains its own Privacy Policy .
The New York Times advertising portal , for advertisers of The Times , also maintains a separate Privacy Policy .
The NYT Services may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites .
This Privacy Policy , covers the following :
What information do we gather about you ?
What do we do with the information we gather about you ?
With whom do we share the information that we gather ?
What is our e-mail policy ?
How do I change or update my personal information ?
How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers ?
Is my information protected ?
Compliance with legal process
Your California Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TRUSTe : The New York Times has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com Web site and those applications that have a shortened TRUSTe privacy statement .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site .
TRUSTe has not certified the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Times Reader software .
What information do we gather about you ?
The information The New York Times gathers falls into two categories : 1 ) Personal information , which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe , order , complete a survey , register for one of our sites , enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2 ) Non-personal information collected through technology , which includes tracking information collected as you use the NYT Services .
Personal Information That You Give Us
Registration for the NYT Services may require that you supply certain personal information , including a unique e-mail address and demographic information ( ZIP code , age , sex , household income , job industry and job title ) to register .
You may choose to log in , create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com through the Facebook Connect feature on NYTimes.com .
By doing this , you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile , and you authorize us to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface .
After you have connected , Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view .
To disassociate your NYTimes.com registration from third party accounts , please see our Social Media FAQ .
Billing and Credit Card Information
To enable payment and donations on the NYT services , we collect and store name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card information and other billing information .
This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction .
Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments .
User Generated Content and Public Activities ( Including Comments , Reader Reviews and TimesPeople )
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services .
`` Public activities '' are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users , including comments , recommendations , reader reviews , ratings or any other items that you submit .
Any information you disclose in your public activities , along with your screen name or ID , or any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media .
If you choose to engage in public activities , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and The New York Times has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities .
For more information , see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums , Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service .
When you share or recommend ( with or without adding your own comments ) any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile , that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy .
We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions .
If you have registered for a NYTimes.com account , we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com .
By choosing to participate in public activities , you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com .
Also , public activities may be included in RSS feeds , APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats .
As a result , your public activities may appear on other Web sites , blogs , or feeds .
Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities , and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you , not The New York Times .
Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers
The New York Times collects personal information from you in connection with optional sweepstakes , contests or special offers .
If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times , we will notify you at the same time .
If you do not want any personal information shared , you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or special offer .
Reader Surveys , Reader Panels and Market Research
The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys .
Data may be collected through the NYT Services , on the phone or through the mail .
The information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared , but only in the aggregate , with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection .
Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys , polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times , their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior .
If you choose to be a panel member , we require that you supply us with your e-mail address and name .
Home address and telephone number are optional .
Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research .
Special Events and Promotions
We often receive information regarding readers who may attend Times Talks , Arts & Leisure Weekend and other New York Times conferences , events and promotions from sign-in and registration lists .
Unless we indicate otherwise at the time we collect the information , we will use such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology
Information Collected by Us Using Technology
We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services .
Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you .
We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language and other transactional information .
Cookies , Beacons , Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies .
In providing the NYT Services , we use `` cookies , '' Web beacons , HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies to manage access to and use of the Services , recognize you and provide personalization , as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there .
You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites , including NYTimes.com , if your computer does not accept cookies from us .
For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage , and how to manage them , see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section .
The New York Times Home Delivery Web site also transmits non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on other sites .
To do this , we use Web Beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site .
For more information about our third-party ad server , or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you , please click here .
We have hired third parties to provide us information , reports and analysis about the usage , browsing patterns of users of the NYT Services .
WebTrends tracks and analyzes non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on NYTimes.com .
All data collected by WebTrends on our behalf is owned and used by us .
Audience Science tracks and analyzes anonymous usage and browsing patterns of our Web site users .
All data collected by Audience Science on our behalf is owned and used by The New York Times alone .
We use Localytics and Flurry to track and report on the usage and browsing patterns on some of our mobile applications .
Flurry and Localytics may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using , general location information , as well as events that occur within our apps , such as how often you use our apps .
We do not receive that information .
The New York Times logs Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , or the location of your computer on the Internet , for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites and mobile applications .
Log Files and Your Reading History .
We automatically log certain usage information about your use of NYT Service .
This information includes a reading history of the pages you view .
We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history .
For more information on the Recommendations feature , please read the Recommendations FAQ .
We also use log files in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Web sites and mobile applications .
If you download and use the Times Reader software application , the log files will automatically be collected by the application and sent to our servers when your computer syncs up for the latest news .
Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app .
If you enable the location-based feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device , which will then be used by the app .
If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history , we will store that information on our servers .
If you do not enable the location-based service , or if an app does not have that feature , the app will not transmit to us , and we will not collect or store , location information .
Ads may be displayed within our apps .
The ads you see are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location , but they may be targeted to you based on your device 's IP address or ZIP code .
Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology
Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services , including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps , are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies , Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our Web site users .
For example , in the course of serving certain advertisements , some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services .
In many cases , this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites .
We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used .
Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our Web sites .
For example , Google is one of the companies that serve advertisements onto NYTimes.com .
It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Web site :
1 ) If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here .
2 ) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites , click here .
Your access to our Web sites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties .
What do we do with the information we gather about you ?
Providing the Services You Request
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the NYT Services , fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , polls , contests , and message boards .
We perform statistical , demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services , and their subscribing and purchasing patterns , for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base .
We use this information for analysis purposes , including analysis to improve customer relationships .
We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent .
We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services , and in certain cases , provide you with requested services .
We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent .
This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them , and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive , improving both the viewer 's experience and the effectiveness of the ads .
We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form .
The New York Times will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers .
For details about New York Times e-mail , please see the section labeled `` What Is Our E-Mail Policy ? ''
With whom do we share the information that we gather ?
The New York Times
If you have registered to use the NYT Services , we will not sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address or any information that personally identifies you without your permission .
We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form .
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict The New York Times 's use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way .
In the future , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses .
In such transactions , we may include your information among the transferred assets .
If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail , phone or online , we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times ( but not your e-mail address ) with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail .
Box 8041 Davenport IA 52808-8041 .
If you are a current print subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please include `` Opt-out '' in the subject line .
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , e-mail distribution , list processing and analytics or promotions management .
We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services .
These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times , and they may not share , resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations , in accordance with applicable laws .
We may occasionally release personal information as required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena .
( For more information , see the `` Compliance with legal process '' section of this policy . )
What is our e-mail policy ?
The New York Times complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 .
We will not share , sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your permission .
Account and Service-Related E-Mail .
The New York Times reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status .
This includes order confirmations , renewal/expiration notices , notices of credit-card problems , other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to the NYT Services and/or to our Privacy Policy .
If you have registered for online discussions or other services , you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities .
The New York Times offers several e-mail newsletters .
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter .
To manage your NYTimes.com e-mail preferences , please click here .
The New York Times may periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you .
You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out .
From time to time , The New York Times may obtain e-mail addresses from third party sources to be used for promotional e-mails .
You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out .
We may send you an e-mail inviting you to participate in user surveys , asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services , as well as information to better understand our users .
User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services , and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties , except in aggregate form .
When you sign up to receive e-mail from us , you can select either plain text or HTML ( with images ) format .
If you select the HTML format , we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the e-mail .
This process does not leave any information on your computer , nor does it collect information from your computer .
The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only .
E-Mails From You .
If you send us e-mails , you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others .
We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails .
We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments .
E-Mail This Article Feature .
NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles ( or other content such as slideshows ) .
The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail ; these addresses are not used for any other purpose , and will not be shared with any third parties .
How do I change or update my personal information ?
The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account .
You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery Web site by clicking on the link for Update Account .
Should you require assistance , please call our toll free number , 1-800-NYTIMES .
Manage Your NYTimes.com Account in the My Account Area .
You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area .
There are a number of things you can do in the My Account area to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date .
For one , you can update the information you provided during the free registration process .
The E-mail Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our e-mail newsletters and manage your delivery options .
To gain access to the areas of the My Account area containing personal information , you will be asked to re-enter your password .
If you do not remember your password , you can reset your password here .
If you need further assistance , please contact Customer Service .
Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account .
Simply click on the `` My Account '' section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to `` Edit Profile '' .
You may securely update your shipping information , e-mail address and password registered to the account .
Should you require assistance , please call us at 800-671-4332 .
Manage Your New York Times Events Account .
Events include TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show .
Enter your e-mail address in the field provided , select `` unsubscribe '' and click `` submit . ''
How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers ?
If , at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us , simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail , or :
Click here to remove your e-mail address from any future promotional e-mail campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates .
Click here to manage your e-mail subscriptions from NYTimes.com .
These include Today 's Headlines , Ticketwatch , DealBook , Sophisticated Shopper , Movies Update , etc .
Click here to log in to your New York Times Online Store account and then click the Unsubscribe From Newsletter button .
Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter ( TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show ) .
Mail or Telephone Promotions
Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 .
If you are a current newspaper subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please put `` Opt-out '' in the subject line .
Is my information protected ?
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , technical and administrative controls to protect the information .
Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Compliance with legal process
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NYT Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions ) .
Except for The Learning Network ( see below ) , The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13 .
The Learning Network .
The Learning Network is a free service for parents , teachers and students , and does not require registration .
The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students , grades 6 to 12 .
Within this section , the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor , providing their first name , grade , state/country and , optionally , their e-mail address .
The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities , and is not shared or sold to third parties .
If an e-mail address is provided , it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child .
After responding to the child , the e-mail address is deleted .
Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services .
Because we 're concerned about a parent 's right to consent to the collection and use of their child 's personal information , when a question or letter is published , only the student 's first name , grade and state/country appear on the site .
To request removal of this information ( non-personally identifiable ) or to review or remove the optional e-mail address ( personal information collected ) , please use this form to contact the Learning Network .
These children 's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established .
Accordingly , guidelines are subject to change .
In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page .
If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children 's personal information , the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children 's personal information previously collected .
For any questions concerning The Learning Network , please contact Katherine Schulten , NYTimes.com , 620 Eighth Avenue , 9th floor , New York , NY 10018 .
Telephone : ( 212 ) 556-8391 .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California Shine The Light law , California residents may opt-out of the NYT 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
As detailed above , you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care , P.O .
It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes .
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time .
Any such changes will be posted on this page .
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information , the change will be posted on this page thirty ( 30 ) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail .

New York University ( NYU ) is committed to respecting your privacy .
This privacy statement governs the collection and use of information collected through official NYU websites and other NYU digital properties .
NYU will not collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit our websites or digital properties unless you voluntarily provide us with that information .
NYU may request personally identifiable information from you if you wish , for example , to access a password-protected website , join a mailing list , or engage in a payment transaction .
NYU may use that information for such purposes as fulfilling your requests for our information or services , communication information that may be of interest to you , and conducting research surveys .
NYU will not share your information with third parties except as set forth below under `` Sharing Your Information . ''
When you visit NYU websites and other NYU digital properties , we may automatically collect and store information sent by your web browser , such as IP addresses ( i.e. , the Internet address of your computer ) in server logs .
We also collect standard information about your computer ( such as your web browser and operating system ) and about your usage of our websites and digital properties ( such as pages visited , length of visit , and search queries ) .
This information , which does not identify your personally , is aggregated and used to help diagnose problems and suggest points for improving parts of our website and digital properties .
For example , we utilize statistical software to identify which parts of our website are most heavily used and which portion of our audience comes from within the NYU network .
Like many other websites , portions of NYU 's websites and digital properties may use cookies .
Cookies are text files that may be transferred to your computer or mobile device through your web browsing software .
These cookies are used to remember your preferences or to track statistics on usage of various portions of NYU websites and digital properties .
Our use of cookies does not involve the collection of personally identifiable information .
You can choose not to accept cookies by selection settings on your web browser that block or restrict the use of cookies .
You can also delete cookies that have been placed on your computer or device .
For more information about the use of cookies by third parties , see below under `` Behavioral Advertising . ''
In cases when NYU has personally identifiable information ( PII ) about you , we will not sell , rent , or share that PII and will treat it in compliance with our Personally Identifiable Information Policy and with other related institutional policies and federal and state laws and regulations .
NYU may contract with third party vendors to show our advertisements on non-NYU websites and digital properties .
NYU and third party vendors with whom we contract may use cookies and web beacons to serve our ads based on your prior visit ( s ) to NYU websites and digital properties and to assess the effectiveness of our ads .
This is also called Targeted Advertising or Interest-Based Advertising .
NYU has implemented reasonable physical , technical , and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure all information we collect online against loss , misuse , or alteration of the information under our control .
This includes the use of encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information .
Please note that while we work hard to protect the security of your information , NYU can not provide an absolute guarantee as to the security of any information you transmit through our websites or digital properties , and that you do so at your own risk .
NYU websites and digital properties may link to external sites that are not controlled by NYU .
Your use of such websites will be subject to the privacy statements of those websites , which we encourage you to read .
NYU is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites and does not make any representations about them .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement in whole or in part at any time .
The modified policy will be posted on this page with an updated effective date .
Effective Date : Dec 9 , 2013

OCLC Online Computer Library Center , Inc .
( `` OCLC '' ) is a nonprofit , membership , computer library service and research organization dedicated to the public purposes of furthering access to the world 's information and reducing information costs .
The following policy describes how we collect and use information we receive from visitors to our site .
OCLC is committed to protecting end-user privacy online .
If a user submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 13 years of age , OCLC will delete this information from its records in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( 15 U.S. Code , 6501 et seq ) .
Some products may contain additional privacy provisions in their terms and conditions .
How and What Information is Collected
( 1 ) Personally identifiable information
Personally identifiable information may be collected in conjunction with necessary processes .
This information may include , but are not limited to : ( 1 ) First and last name , ( 2 ) Address , ( 3 ) ZIP/Postal Code , ( 4 ) Email address , ( 5 ) Telephone number , ( 6 ) Affiliated library information , or ( 7 ) Credit card numbers and other billing information .
( 2 ) IP Address
The OCLC web site logs IP addresses for system administration purposes .
Your IP address can help us diagnose service problems and provide session statistics .
( 3 ) Cookies
OCLC uses a common feature of Web sites known as a cookie to store your member ID and state information about where you are in the site , as well as to track current and past activity .
OCLC does not store any of your personal information in cookies .
A cookie is simply a small data file that the Web site writes to your browser .
A cookie ca n't read any other data off your hard drive , pass on a virus , or read cookie files created by other sites .
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser , however , the OCLC web site 's functionality may be affected .
( 4 ) Registration
In order to take advantage of some features of the site , you must register and create a member account .
An OCLC online registration form may require you to provide information such as your name , email address , a User Name , and a password .
( 5 ) Usage and Circulation Records
Any information collected may be used to analyze usage , evaluate service effectiveness and provide training material , and to facilitate library research .
( 6 ) Questions , Comments , and Entries to Open Forums and Reviews
We encourage you to provide personal information ONLY in fields specifically designed for such information such as registration and log-on .
Comments and entries to forums and reviews are posted in real time .
Consequently , your entire submission may appear in an open forum or review .
Please be aware that any personal information you include within this entry field will be available to the public .
OCLC will make reasonable attempts to remove personal information included in submissions .
Why Information is Collected
The majority of the information we collect is analyzed so that we can improve your OCLC experience .
This information is not shared outside of OCLC except as described in this policy .
If necessary , we will use your information to contact you .
Except as permitted by this policy , OCLC does not send unsolicited e-mails
The purposes for collecting information and contacting you are :
( 1 ) Registration
( 2 ) Fulfilling requests and orders for OCLC products , programs and services
( 3 ) Customer service and support
( 4 ) Providing information and answering questions related to the use and purchase of services .
( 5 ) Providing updates on goods and services and notification of special offers
( 6 ) Delivering newsletters
( 7 ) Providing notification of service expiration dates .
( 8 ) Facilitating participation in an OCLC Open Forum or Review
( 9 ) Compiling aggregate statistical and academic analysis
( 1 ) Sometimes OCLC may identify a new purpose outside of the stated purposes listed above and it will provide notification or , if the purpose involves the use of sensitive information , it will seek your consent to use and disclose personal information for that purpose .
( 2 ) Your information will not be used for reasons beyond the scope of the stated purposes and OCLC will never willfully disclose personally identifiable information to a third party outside of the stated purposes unless :
You have violated the Terms of Use or another applicable Agreement , or
We are required to do so by law , or
We provide notification to you
At times , OCLC partners with third parties to complete the stated purposes , and the third parties may require use of personally identifiable information .
For instance , information must be disclosed to process orders through the online store , interact with Regional Service Providers , and to market products or services to you .
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the protection of your information , and to prevent the loss , misuse , or alteration of that information .
OCLC uses a third party service for the management and delivery of its opt-in e-mail communication .
Information related to the delivery and effectiveness of e-mail communications , such as aggregate open and click-through rates , are provided to and used by OCLC to help deliver the best content to the subscriber .
We currently contract with online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications .
We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site .
The type of information we collect includes pages visited , searches conducted , items selected , and library sites visited .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which designs are most effective for delivering visitors to libraries , and what kinds of marketing efforts our visitors respond to most positively .
Although our marketing company manages the information coming from our site on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used .
This web site contains links to other sites .
Such links do not imply OCLC 's endorsement or guarantee of the products , information or recommendations provided by any third party site .
Please be aware that OCLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our end-users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site .
( 2 ) You can decline to provide personal information to us or opt out at anytime .
However , this may limit your ability to utilize the services on the web site .
We have put in place reasonable measures to protect the personal information contained in our databases .
Measures are in place to prevent unauthorized access and maintain appropriate use and accuracy .
Furthermore , data that is transmitted in association with our online store is encrypted and is secured by SSL .
Your password is a component of our security system .
As such , it is your responsibility to protect it .
Do not share your password with any third parties .
If your password has been compromised for any reason , you should change it immediately .
OCLC provides links in their e-mail communications and web pages for managing the information that is sent .
We make a reasonable effort to ensure that information contained in our database is accurate and , when necessary , current .
From time to time , we may update this privacy policy .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing notice on our site .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it and to whom we disclose it .
OCLC Online Computer Library Center , Incorporated
Customer Service , ATTN : Privacy
Dublin , Ohio 43017-3395

Oddschecker is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy .
We appreciate that you do not wish us to circulate your personal details on an indiscriminate basis .
This document discloses the privacy practices for Oddschecker including :
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected
What organisation is collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
No one under the age of 18 is permitted to use the Account Opening Service .
We only collect personal information in order to provide you with some of our Services .
Subject to what is said below regarding cookies , you are free to browse the rest of our Site without information being collected .
To fully use the Account Opening Service , you will need to register using our online registration form .
You will be required to provide us with your contact information ( e.g . name , postal address , telephone number and e-mail address ) .
Using the Site 's web server log files , we use IP addresses to analyse trends , track users ' movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
This information may include the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , which URL you next go to ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , what browser and operating system you are using , your IP address etc .
In addition , we use cookies on certain pages of our site .
We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie .
Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests .
Cookies are stored on your hard drive , not on our site .
Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session .
The other type of cookie we use is a 'persistent ' cookie .
This stays on your hard drive and we use this to automatically identify who you are .
The cookie itself contains no personally identifiable information but it does pass an ID to our server which allows us to tie the cookie to your personal information .
We do this to allow us to let you know on the homepage what has changed on the site since your last visit .
We also use the cookie to track how often you visit the site so we know who our most loyal users are .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you will not be able to use certain features on our site .
Our web site may also use the ServiceTick Limited SessionCam web site recording service .
Data collected by SessionCam is used to improve our website by enabling our web team to find and fix errors and improve the functionality of the website .
To do this SessionCam may record mouse clicks , mouse movements , page scrolling and any text keyed into web site forms .
The information collected is stored and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting .
Our Use of Your Information
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to statistically analyse site usage , to improve our content and product offerings and to customise our site 's content , layout , and services .
We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users ' needs .
We use information in the file we maintain about you , and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site , to resolve any disputes , troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement .
At times , we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes , and in particular on rare occasions we may evaluate your information to look for users using multiple User IDs or alias .
We may occasionally send you direct mail about additional services we feel may be of interest to you .
This will only come from us and only if you have indicated that you do not object to these offers .
Your Personal Information is stored in our databases , which are located in the UK .
Please note that the information you enter may at some time be transferred outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of processing by Oddschecker or any of its affiliates .
By submitting your information , you consent to this transfer .
Our Disclosure of Your Information
It is necessary to disclose your personal information to the Bookmakers with whom you indicate you would like to open an account .
These Bookmakers will then use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies .
Links are provided to the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these Bookmaker during the account opening procedure .
By using the Account Opening Service you consent to such disclosure of you information .
Unfortunately , due to the existing regulatory environment , we can not ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy .
By way of example ( without limiting the foregoing ) , we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances , or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
We can ( and you authorize us to ) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate , in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability .
As a general proposition , we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party .
We do aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes .
However , in these situations , we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you .
Oddschecker cooperates with law enforcement inquiries and other third parties to enforce laws , intellectual property and other rights .
Local , and international law enforcement agents can request and may receive your personally identifiable information .
Control of Your Password
If you lose control of the password provided to you during the registration of some of the Services , you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf .
Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password .
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy , this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties , whether they are other members of the Site or other sites throughout the Internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them .
We use best endeavour to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information associated with our customers .
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of customer data under our control .
We use secure server software ( SSL ) to encrypt information you input before it is sent to us .
While we can not ensure or guarantee that loss , misuse or alteration of data will not occur , we use our best efforts to prevent this .
However , you should be aware that `` perfect security '' does not exist on the Internet .
Changes to Privacy Policy
By using this site , you consent to the collection and use of information by Oddschecker and to the use of that information in accordance with the oddschecker privacy policy .
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email .
You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner .
In addition , if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database , we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change .
In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users , who have opted to receive communications from us , notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices .
You have a legal right to a copy of all personal information about you held by us .
You also have a right to correct any errors in that information .
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about this policy click here
To return to the registration page please click here

Office Depot 's Privacy Statement - Your Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from you
This statement describes our privacy practices for the websites where it is posted .
This includes mobile websites , text programs and applications .
It also applies to information we collect in our stores or other places offline .
We collect information from you in many ways
We collect information directly from you .
For example , if you register for a promotion or apply for a job .
We might collect information if you post a comment on one of our websites or request information .
We also collect information when you apply for our credit card or buy something .
We collect information from you passively .
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons .
To learn more about these tools and how you can control them , click here .
We get information about you from third parties .
For example , social media platforms may give us information about you .
We may combine the information we collect from you with the information we get from third parties .
We collect various information about you
We may collect your name , email address , postal address , phone number , cell phone number , or credit card number , for example .
We may ask you for information to learn more about you , like your age or products you like .
We use information as disclosed and described here
To respond to your requests or questions .
For example , we might use your information to register you for promotions .
To improve our products and services .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us .
To look at site trends and customer interests .
We may use your information to make website or product improvements .
We may also combine information we get from you with information we have gotten from third parties .
For security purposes .
We may use information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites .
To promote us and our various websites .
Unless we tell you otherwise , we might notify you about special promotions or offers .
We might tell you about new website features or products .
To manage this , follow the instructions in Your Choices , below .
To communicate with you about your account or our relationship : We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Policy or our website Terms .
We may also tell you about issues with your orders .
We may share information with third parties
Your information may be shared when legally permitted , including in the following situations :
Within our company ( including our affiliated companies ) .
With third parties who perform services on our behalf .
For example , we share information with vendors , or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf .
Some vendors may be located outside of the United States .
With our business partners .
To opt out of having your information shared , see Your Choices below .
To stop receiving information from a business partner , follow their opt out instructions .
If we think we have to in order to comply with the law .
For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests .
We may also share information to protect us , our sites , or our users .
We might share information with other companies for fraud and credit risk reduction .
With any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if part of our business was sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction .
Our websites may link to third party sites or services we do n't control
If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This policy does not apply to the information practices of that website .
You should read the privacy policy of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for such third party 's sites .
We use standard security measures to protect your information
The Internet is not 100 % secure .
We thus can not promise that your information will be completely safe .
Please use caution when using the Internet or providing personal information to others .
Our digital platforms and programs are not intended for kids
Our websites are not intended for children under 13 .
We take steps on these sites to avoid collecting information online from children under 13 .
In some cases , children may give us information without us knowing about it .
If you want to write , use the address listed below .
Please mark your inquiries to the attention of `` COPPA - Information Request '' and include your email and phone number .
Learn more about how to protect your child online .
Read the helpful information provided by the FTC .
This information includes this consumer education bulletin .
Your choices about our marketing and tracking tools .
You can opt out of marketing emails and texts .
Please indicate whether you wish to continue to receive Office Depot 's catalogs and other postal mailings .
To stop receiving marketing text messages , text STOP to 33768 ( Depot ) , a confirmation text will be sent .
If you have an account on our website , you can manage your preferences here .
You can control if we share information with third parties for their marketing purposes .
If you accept an offer from one of them after you opt out , we will share your information with that specific party .
You can control cookies and tracking tools .
To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
You have other controls you can exercise .
You can choose whether or not to share personal information .
If you choose not to share , some features and services may be more difficult or impossible to use .
If you turn off cookies or tracking tools , parts of our site and services may also not work properly .
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions .
Attn : Legal Department Privacy Team
Office Depot , Inc .
6600 N. Military Trail
Delray Beach , FL 33496

Greynium Information Technologies Pvt . Ltd. , ( hereinafter referred as `` Greynium '' which expression shall , unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof , be deemed to include its affiliates , parent company , legal representatives and permitted assigns ) provides the you , i.e . the user ( hereinafter referred to as the `` User '' ) with access to its content , resources , tools for communication , public forums , commerce platforms , and other services through its network of websites and all mobile applications ( hereinafter referred to as the `` Service '' ) .
We at Greynium appreciate and respect your privacy and so we have drafted this Privacy Policy ( hereinafter referred to as `` this Policy '' ) which details how we handle your information .
Privacy protection is our number one priority .
Greynium uses the patent-pending `` dual blind '' privacy protection technology which allows Greynium to customize advertisement for User 's browser without ever knowing User 's name , address , social security number , telephone number or any other personally identifiable information .
It 's completely anonymous .
Kindly note that usage of our Services on/through our network of websites and all mobile applications is subject to your absolute and unconditional acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
User Information & Usage
For accessing or using our Service , you may be required to provide certain information such as name , address , occupation , nationality , credit/debit card details , email , contact number , etc .
All information , disclosed by you shall be deemed to be disclosed willingly and without any coercion .
No liability pertaining to the authenticity/misrepresentation/fraud/negligence , etc . of the information disclosed to us shall lie on Greynium nor will we in any way be responsible to verify any information obtained from you .
You agree and acknowledge that all information gathered from you may be used by us for the following purposes :
to maintain , develop , protect and improve our Services , manage your account/orders/subscriptions , etc ;
for communication regarding important notices , changes in any of our user related terms and conditions and policies , promotion and marketing purposes ;
for internal purposes such as auditing , data analysis and research relating our Services ;
in the event you participate in any contests or other promotional activity , for administering those activities ;
for doing strategic and targeted marketing .
Collection of Information & Storage
We shall collect information from you about you or relating to third parties , during the following stages ( if applicable ) , but not limited to the following stages :
When you subscribe for any of our Services ;
When you share our content with third parties ;
When you invite others to use our Services ;
When you make any payments for our Services ;
When you gift out subscription or any of our Services to any third party ; etc .
We may make use of cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons to gather information about you or to make effective use of the information gathered from you .
The aforementioned technology tools shall collect only the information which you voluntarily/agree to supply and unless you identify yourself vide such information , we may not be able to ascertain your identity .
Further , all information about you , including information about your internet connection , IP address , etc . may be used by us in our endeavours to cater to you mindful of your interests , preferences and otherwise .
All information gathered by us shall be stored on servers , log files and any other storage system owned by us or by third parties .
Additionally , information may be stored on our computers , hard drives , hard copies , etc .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Advertisers
Our network of websites and all mobile applications may contain links to other websites/other applications , whose privacy policies may be different to ours .
You should consult the other sites'/applications ' privacy policies as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
On our network of websites and all mobile applications , there are third party advertisers and links who advertise their products and/or services and such third party advertisers and links may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser and may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address ) about your visits to our and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
You agree and acknowledge that Greynium shall be at liberty to disclose your information or part thereof to its agents/ business partners/ retailers/vendors/ service providers/ third party servers/advertisers and other business associates .
We at Greynium endeavor to treat your information as confidential and not cause any harm , theft , loss , unauthorized access , misuse within our storage system , alteration and destruction .
In line with the priority for confidentiality , we request you to SSL-enabled browsers such as Chrome , Safari , Firefox or Internet Explorer as such browsers protect the confidentiality of out information while it is transmitted over internet .
In the event any of our Services are public forums such at chat rooms you shall be responsible for the information you may disclose on such forums to other users .
However , in the course of our business we may be required to disclose information about you or part thereof to its agents/ business partners/ retailers/vendors/ service providers/ third party servers/advertisers and other business associates .
You agree that if so required by law or as per directions of the governmental agency , authority , court , etc , Greynium may be required to disclose all your information and in such an event Greynium is in no manner responsible for informing you or seeking your prior approval .
We shall respond to all grievances lodged with us , within 36 hours through emails , telephone calls , personal visits , etc .
Greynium retains unconditional right to modify or amend this Policy without any recourse to you or any requirement of notice of the same to you .

OneTravel is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
OneTravel has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
Please read this privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) to learn about our information collection and dissemination practices in connection with the OneTravel.com website ( collectively , the Site ) .
By visiting any section of the Site you agree to the practices described herein .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , you should not use the Site .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
OneTravel.com use of your private information .
OneTravel is committed to providing fair information practices and adopts the highest degree of privacy policy in protecting customer 's private and personal information submitted to OneTravel in connection with purchasing travel products from OneTravel .
If you purchase a product or service from us orregister for a competition or promotional offer on our website , we may request certain personally identifiable information from you .
You must provide contact information such as first and last name , email , phone numbers , and shipping address , as well as financial information such as credit card number , card holders name and expiration date .
Some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member , book travel itineraries , participate in a contest , ask us a question , or for other purposes in connection with your use of the website or our services .
OneTravel uses and stores sensitive information such as credit card number , cardholder 's name , postal and billing address , and expiration date provided to us through our website or in any other way for billing purposes , and to fulfill your orders .
We use your other personal information for the following general purposes : to provide you with travel services or other product that you purchase from us , to send your itinerary confirmation , vouchers , or service related notifications , to communicate with you as our customer , to provide you with special offers regarding products or services that may be of interest to you from our agents , service providers or marketing partners , to solicit information from you , to resolve any disputes , collect any due fees , to enforce our Terms and Conditions and to prevent or recover any potential or actual losses resulting from or related to any suspect criminal activity including but not limited to fraud or identity theft .
OneTravel does not sell , trade , share or rent your personal information to third parties without your prior consent , unless otherwise herein described .
E-mail communications and newsletters
From time to time , we may notify you via email newsletter of any changes or additions to our site , and new offers and products from third parties that may be of interest to you .
You may opt-out from our email newsletter by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email newsletter you receive from us .
Other sites accessible through links on our Site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices .
Please consult each site 's Privacy Policy before providing your personal information .
OneTravel is not responsible for the actions of websites whose links are accessible through our Site or any actions of third parties that are not under OneTravel 's exclusive control .
OneTravel will not share your private information with any third party , except for the following situations and as outlined in this privacy policy :
We may share your information with our trusted parent company , corporate affiliates and subsidiaries , including but not limited to CheapOstay.com and HotelPricer.com .
Our parent company , all of our affiliates and subsidiaries share our commitment to protect your private information and comply with a policy at least as restrictive as our Privacy Policy .
They will also comply with all federal and state regulations regarding the use of your private information .
Your information may be shared with suppliers such as airlines , hotels , car rental partners , and/or activity providers who are directly involved in providing you with services or other products you purchased from our website .
Third parties who provide corporate services or functions on our behalf , including credit card processing financial analysis , customer service , call center services , marketing services , contest organization and administration , and fraud prevention may have access to your private information .
Such third party vendors have access to and may collect your information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share , sell , trade or use the information for any other purpose .
They are also required to follow data security practices at least as restrictive as ours .
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process , to protect or enforce our rights , and to defend against claims of any nature .
When we reasonably believe in good faith that it is appropriate to prevent , investigate or take any actions against illegal activities including but not limited to fraud and identity theft and to defend our rights , property of any kind and safety of our company , affiliates or subsidiaries .
As a result of a corporate transaction resulting in merger , consolidation , asset sale or when legally required to .
Save for the above mentioned situations , you will be notified when your personal information will be shared with third parties and given an opportunity to choose not to share such information .
Changing an updating your private information .
You may access your private information through your account on our website , if you created one .
We may retain some of your personal information for recordkeeping integrity or for statistical purposes .
Like many other sites , this Site uses cookies to personalize your experience by providing you with relevant information and advertising , and to speed up the member sign in process .
Cookies are information sequences stored on your computer .
Cookies are not used to track your movement or perform any function other than to enhance your use of our Site and are not linked to personal information .
If your browser does not support cookies , or you have not enabled cookies in your browser , many of these time-saving features will not work properly .
Also , you need to have cookies enabled in your browser if you want to enter the member 's area .
A cookie may be placed on your browser by our advertising server .
These cookies are used only for purposes of tracking the effectiveness of advertising served by us on our Site .
No personal information about you is gathered by the use of these cookies .
Anonymous cookies may be placed on your browser by our third-party advertising companies who may use aggregated statistics about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about travel-related goods and services that you may be interested in .
The information collected does not include your personal information .
We are not responsible for the cookies used by third parties whose link is provided on the Site , nor are we to be held liable in any way with regards to the information you share with third parties whose link is provided on our Site .
For more information about our third-party advertiser , or to learn more about the choices available to you regarding this anonymous information , please click here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use a third-party tracking service called Google Analytics that uses tracking technology to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate .
We use an outside shipping company to ship paper tickets , and a credit card processing company to bill you for travel products .
These companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
[ To learn more about SSL , follow this link ]
All of our secure servers use a high-grade encryption key ( AES with 128 and 256 bit secret key ) While secure mode provides SSL encryption , pages will take longer to download .
Most users choose to sign up or sign in using standard mode to achieve quicker response time .
If you receive browser warnings when going from secure mode pages to non-SSL pages , it is most likely a warning that you are switching servers .
As long as your data is entered on a secure mode page , it will only be transmitted to a secure server .
We follow accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
However , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security.No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage is 100 % secure .
We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet .
Change your passwords often , use a combination of letters and numbers , and make sure you use a secure browser .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Site .
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time .
All amended terms automatically take effect as of the date this Privacy Policy is updated and published on the Site .
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
All the terms used herein are to be interpreted as defined under our Terms and Conditions .
ACCESS TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Correction / updating of personal information
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY PROTECTION
OneTravel understands the importance of protecting children 's privacy in the interactive online world .
The Site is not designed for , or intentionally targeted at , children 13 years of age or younger .
It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13 .
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out ' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information .
For example , if you purchase a travel product , but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference in our order form .
However , we will still use your personally identifiable information to provide you with the services and products you purchased through our Site , including but not limited to sending you reservation and confirmation communications or vouchers .
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication , or by contacting us at the address below .
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider , so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party .
1050 East Flaming Road
Las Vegas , NV 89119
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been addressed to your satisfaction , please contact TRUSTe .
TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .

Online-Sweepstakes.com understands that privacy online is important to Visitors of our website .
Online-Sweepstakes.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices .
Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains , including , but not limited to , name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , financial profiles , social security number , and credit card information .
Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously ( without identification of the individual user ) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual .
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected
We may collect basic user profile information from our Visitors .
Online-Sweepstakes.com may collect Personally Identifiable Information when a Visitor ( 1 ) registers as a Member of the website , ( 2 ) enters a Sweepstakes and/or Contest administered and/or sponsored by Online-Sweepstakes.com , or ( 3 ) subscribes to our newsletter ( s ) .
Some of the Personally Identifiable Information we may collect includes names , addresses , phone numbers and email addresses .
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site , contact winners of our Sweepstakes and Contests , or send out our newsletter ( s ) .
We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact our Visitors in response to specific inquiries , to provide requested information , or to provide our Visitors with information regarding our Site which we feel is important enough to warrant such contact .
With whom may the information may be shared
Online-Sweepstakes.com does not and will not sell or share Personally Identifiable Information about our Visitors with third parties unless explicitly authorized by the Visitor to do so .
For example , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with sponsors of our Sweepstakes and/or Contests in order to contact the winner and arrange prize fulfillment .
Or , a Visitor 's contact information may be shared with a third party when a Visitor `` Opts-In '' to receive an offer from said third party .
Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information .
We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information , to investigate , prevent or otherwise take action regarding suspected illegal activity or fraud , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Online-Sweepstakes.com , its users and the public .
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Online-Sweepstakes.com is securely stored and is not accessible to any third parties except for use as indicated above .
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection , use and distribution of the information
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site
However , because of backups and records of deletions , it may be impossible to delete a Visitor 's entry without retaining some residual information .
An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted , and we will not sell , transfer , or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward .
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
This site makes chat rooms , forums , and/or message boards available to its users .
remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Cookies are used by Online-Sweepstakes.com for a variety of reasons .
We use Cookies to store information about the preferences of our Visitors and use that data to tailor the Visitor 's experience at our site , and to display the Site 's content according to their preferences .
We also use Cookies to store the usernames and passwords of our Members .
Passwords are encrypted to prevent unautorized access of our Members ' accounts and information .
Links to other Websites
This website contains links to other websites .
Please note that when you click on one of these links , you are moving to another website .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours .
We will let our Visitors know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site .
However , if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor has previously requested not be disclosed , we will contact such Visitor to the Visitor to prevent such disclosure .
Springfield , OH 45501

OnlineConversion has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site .
We use server logs , which contain your IP address , to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site .
The information in the server logs are used to generate reports to track our page views , page errors , and referrers .
This information is used only by us .
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies .
Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , and we do not have access to this information .
Some forms may ask users to give us contact information ( e-mail address ) .
Your Name and e-mail are asked for in the Tell-a-Friend program .
This information is not saved on our server and is used only for e-mailing your friend .
Your Name and e-mail address are asked for when joining the message forum .
This information is optional and is described in additional detail further within this document .
We will never give or sell your e-mail address to anyone without a U.S. court order .
Many of the forms ask you to enter information for using the conversions .
Such as how many feet to convert to meters .
Some may ask for personal information , such as your birthday , to tell you how many days old you are .
These forms use `` Client Side Scripting '' and do not send any information to us .
The information entered in these forms disappears as soon as you close your web browser .
We use a community type BBS for our Message Forums .
If you post messages as a guest , your name and e-mail address is asked for .
This information can be viewed by anyone .
Your e-mail address is not required and we recommend not giving it , and using an alias for your name , if you do not wish this information available to the public .
If you register for the message forums , other personal information is asked for .
This information is viewable by anyone .
Most information is optional and we recommend not giving information you do not want available to the public .
Your e-mail address is required but you can make this private in your preferences .
Your name is required but you may use an alias if you wish .
Any information you give in the message forums is not used by us .
It is used only for the message forum .
Some examples are notifying you through e-mail when you request to be notified of new postings .
This site contains links to other sites .
OnlineConversion is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
This site has standard security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
We can not be 100 % sure that nobody can hack into our server , so OnlineConversion recommends using a free e-mail service , such as hotmail , when submitting your e-mail address to sites on the Internet .
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this site , you can contact :

Last Updated : November 4 , 2013
This privacy policy ( Policy ) explains how personal information is collected , used , and disclosed by OpenTable , Inc .
( OpenTable or We ) .
This Policy applies to consumer users of OpenTable 's websites , applications and other online services ( collectively , Sites ) .
Restaurants at which you make reservations through OpenTable , Merchants that issue Gift Cards ( as these terms are defined in the OpenTable User Agreement ) and social networking services you may choose to use with OpenTable may also collect , use and share information about you .
OpenTable 's policy does not cover these or any other third parties or their services .
For information about third-party privacy practices , please consult with them directly .
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Sites .
We use this information to , among other things , provide the functionality and improve the quality of the Sites , and personalize your experience .
For example , we may collect your name , email address , postal address , phone number , billing information , survey responses , demographics , primary dining city , current and prior restaurant reservation details , contact information of friends you invite , favorite restaurants , special restaurant requests , password and other information you provide us on our Sites .
If you use our mobile application , in addition to the above , we may also collect your mobile device ID , your precise location data and the locations you select .
For certain services on our Sites , a credit card number may be required , as further described in the section called Credit Card Information below .
We may also collect personal information at other portions of the Site that state that personal information is being collected .
We may also obtain information from other sources , such as third-party sites , applications and services ( each , a Third-Party Platform ) through which you connect with us , and combine that with information we collect on our Sites .
When you visit our Sites , some information is automatically collected .
For example , when you visit our Sites your location , computer 's operating system , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , access times , browser type and language , and the website you visited before our site may be logged automatically .
We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites and services .
We may automatically collect information using cookies and similar technology .
Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers , and reside , among other places , on your computer or mobile device , in emails we send to you , and on our web pages .
Among other things , cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience .
We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites .
We may access information contained in cookies placed on your device by a Third-Party Platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with such Third-Party Platform .
We may share this information with the Third-Party Platform for their use as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with such Third-Party Platform .
We may collect information using Web beacons .
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Sites or in our emails .
We use Web beacons to deliver cookies , count visits , understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell whether you open an email and act upon it .
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use personal information collected through our Sites for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Sites or in connection with our services .
For example , we may use your information to :
make and change your reservations ;
offer you , or provide you with , products and services , such as Gift Cards ;
operate and improve our Sites , products and services ;
understand you and your preferences to enhance , personalize and customize your experience and enjoyment using our Sites , products and services , such as understanding your dining history to make recommendations about other restaurants you may like ;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards ;
display relevant advertising ;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service ;
send you related information , including confirmations , invoices , SMS messages , technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages ;
communicate with you about new contests , offers , promotions , rewards , upcoming events and other news about services offered by OpenTable , our subsidiaries and affiliates , select restaurants and our other selected partners ;
link or combine with other personal information we get from third parties , to help understand your needs and provide you with better service ; and
protect , investigate and deter against fraudulent , unauthorized or illegal activity .
OpenTable may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Information Shared With Restaurants
When you make a reservation through our Sites , your information is provided to us and to the restaurants with whom you choose to reserve .
In order to facilitate your reservation , your information is provided to that restaurant , just as it would if you made a reservation over the phone , by email to the restaurant or on the restaurant 's website .
If you provide a mobile phone number , restaurants may send you text messages regarding your reservation .
Some restaurants also require you to provide a credit card number to secure your reservation .
We may also share with the restaurants additional information such as information about your dining preferences and history , or information that we collect via Third-Party Platforms .
You also have the option of making special preferences or comments about your reservation that OpenTable will pass on to that restaurant .
We may share with restaurants summary reports of feedback from recent diners .
If you provide comments about a restaurant , these will be shared with that restaurant .
We will not tie your comments with other information that can identify you , but a restaurant may be able to tell who you are from your comments , particularly , if you give your name in the comments or provide contact information such as an email address .
Information you choose to share with a restaurant when you make a reservation may be used by the restaurant for their own purposes .
OpenTable does not control the privacy practices of restaurants .
Please contact the restaurant directly if you want to learn about their privacy practices .
Information Shared With Gift Card Merchants
If you purchase a Gift Card from OpenTable , we notify the applicable Merchant and provide them with certain related information about your purchase , including your name , your email address , the amount of the purchased Gift Card and the Gift Card recipient 's name .
For certain services on our Sites , such as for making reservations at certain restaurants and for purchases of Gift Cards or other products or services , a credit or debit card number may be required .
By submitting your card information through the Sites , you expressly agree to these terms .
When you use a credit or debit card to secure a reservation , we provide your card information ( including card number , CVV number , expiration date and billing details ) to our payment gateway provider and the applicable restaurant .
If you purchase Gift Cards or other products or services from us , we collect the same card information .
We share this information with our payment service providers in order to process your payments .
These third parties may also store your card information , other than your CVV number , for your future use on the Sites .
Your CVV number will not be stored and must be re-entered for each order .
For information about the security of your card information , see Security of Your Personal Information below .
Information You Share Socially
Our Sites may allow you to connect and share your actions , comments , content , and information publicly or with friends .
We may also allow you to connect with us , share on and use Third-Party Platforms , including those on which OpenTable has a presence .
Please be mindful of your own privacy needs and the privacy needs of others as you choose whom to connect with and what to share and make public .
We can not control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public or share with others .
OpenTable also does not control the privacy practices of Third-Party Platforms .
Please contact those sites and services directly if you want to learn about their privacy practices .
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described above and as follows :
We may share personal information when you agree to our sharing of your information with other third parties ( such as the restaurants at which you make reservations ) for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies .
We may share personal information with affiliates , third-party vendors , consultants and other service providers who work for us .
We may share your credit card information with third parties as described in Credit Card Information above .
We may share aggregate statistical data for the improvement of services offered by the OpenTable Sites .
We also use the services of third parties to provide us with services such as data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
We may disclose your personal information to ( i ) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process , ( ii ) to protect the rights and property of OpenTable , our agents , customers , and others including to enforce our agreements , policies and terms of use or ( iii ) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of OpenTable , its customers , or any person .
We may sell , transfer , divest , or disclose all or a portion of our business or assets to another company in connection with or during negotiation of any merger , financing , acquisition , bankruptcy , dissolution , transaction , or proceeding .
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties in our discretion .
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
OpenTable takes reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
This also applies to your credit or debit card information .
To be clear , OpenTable does not itself store this information and we do not have direct control or responsibility for your card information .
Our contracts with third parties that receive your card information require them to keep it secure and confidential .
Nonetheless , we can not guarantee that transmissions of your card information or personal information will always be secure or that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat the security measures taken by OpenTable or our third party service providers .
We assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third party access or other causes beyond OpenTable 's control .
YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from OpenTable by following the instructions in those emails .
If you opt out , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations .
You may also send requests about your contact preferences or changes to your information , including requests to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties , to our contact information below .
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
If you prefer , you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies .
If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies , this could affect certain features or services of our Sites .
Application location choices .
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services .
For more information about how to do this , please contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer .
United States and Europe
OpenTable is a participant in the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor program and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor program .
We have certified that we adhere to the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
BBB Safe Harbor Privacy Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , OpenTable commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
OpenTable has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Your California Privacy Rights ( As Provided by California Civil Code section 1798.83 ) .
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( a California Customer ) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes , subject to certain exceptions .
In general , again , subject to certain exceptions , if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information , upon receipt of a request by a California Customer , the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year , as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed .
Under the exceptions , OpenTable may instead provide California Customers a cost free means to opt-out of these disclosures .
Any customer may request to opt-out of these disclosures by contacting OpenTable as described above .
California Customers may also request further information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at our address above .
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
OpenTable may change this Policy from time to time in accordance with the OpenTable Terms of Use .
You agree that you will review this Agreement periodically .
If we make any changes to this Policy , we will change the Last Updated date above .
You are free to decide whether or not to accept the modified Policy , but accepting the Policy is required for you to continue using the Sites .
If you do not agree to the modified Policy , your sole recourse is to terminate your use of the Sites .

Effective Date : November 29 , 2012 .
You should read this entire privacy policy ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) , but here are some high points detailed below :
We ask you for , and use technology to detect , information about you .
Some of this information is shared with others , including advertisers .
Third parties , including advertisers and advertising services providers , may collect information about you .
You may be served with targeted advertising , including location-based advertising .
You consent to our practices detailed in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to change your consent , terminate your account , stop using the Sites and uninstall any downloads and apps .
Click here for a table of contents of topics covered .
You may click on any topic to go to the details .
To print our entire Privacy Policy , click here .
This Privacy Policy explains OWN 's information collection practices at the Sites , such as the types of information OWN collects regarding visitors to the Sites and how we may use that information .
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features , widgets , applications , content or downloads that are owned or operated by OWN , are available through the Sites , or that interact with the Sites and post this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy covers information collected at the Sites and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by OWN ( unless specifically stated ) .
To the extent we provide you notice on our Sites of different or additional privacy policies or practices ( e.g. , at the point of our collection ) , those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use .
In addition , please review the Sites ' Terms of Use , which governs your use of the Sites .
By using our Sites , you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and our collection , use and sharing of your information and data , and other activities , as described below .
What Information Do The Sites Collect ?
Information You Provide To Us
You may give us Personal Information and Demographic Information , such as when you register or contact us .
Information We Collect and Store As You Access And Use The Sites
Tracking Technologies collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier .
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may obtain information about you from third parties .
Information You Provide About A Third Party
You may give us information about others , such as when you send a friend a message .
Interactions with Third Party Sites
If you interact with third party sites , such as using Facebook Connect to log in , those sites may send us information about you and you or we may send them information about you .
Information About Your Location
We obtain information about your location .
How Do We Use The Information Collected
We use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes .
How and When Do We Disclose Information From Third Parties
We may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances .
These may include :
When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties
If you request information from third parties , request that we send information to third parties or interact with third party sites , content , ads or tools ( including Facebook and other share third party share functionality ) we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly .
This may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party rather than us is the seller .
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf
Our vendors may collect your information or we may share it with them .
Co-branded areas may include information collection by us and third parties .
Such third parties privacy policies , not ours , govern their practices .
Sweepstakes , Contests And Promotions
Entrants of promotions may be required to consent to certain information sharing .
Administrative and Legal Reasons
There are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which may share your information .
We may share your information in the event of a sale , merger or similar transaction .
What About Information I Disclose Publicly ?
User Generated Content , Social Networking and Public Information
Posting content in public areas makes it available to others .
You grant us the right to use your name and likeness in connection with your posting and activities .
Do Third Party Content And Links To Third Party Sites Appear On The Sites ?
We are not responsible for your interaction with third party content or locations .
Are There Third Party Ads Served On The Sites ?
We and third parties may send you targeted ads based on your location , information and/or behavior .
If you object , do not use our Sites and/or exercise choices some third parties may offer .
How Do I Change My Information And Communication Preferences ?
You may change certain account information and preferences .
What About Consent To Transfer Information to The United States ?
Data may be transferred to the United States .
What Should Parents Know About Children ?
We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children .
If you think we have , let us know .
What About Security ?
No data security is absolute , but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately .
What About Changes To The Privacy Policy ?
We may change this Privacy Policy as explained here .
The Full Detailed Privacy Policy
What Information Do The Sites Collect
Information You Provide To Us
Personal Information and Demographic Information .
On the Sites , we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information , which is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally , such as your name , e-mail address , birth date , credit card number , and physical address ( `` Personal Information '' ) ; and ( 2 ) demographic information , such as gender or similar information ( `` Demographic Information '' ) .
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Sites , including account registration forms , e-mail newsletter sign-ups , or when you submit information , communicate or otherwise interact with us .
If we combine Demographic Information with the Personal Information we collect , we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect or Store As You Access And Use The Sites
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us , we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically ( or passively ) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Sites including your media consumption ( e.g. , video viewing and audio consumption ) activities on or through the Sites ( `` Usage Information '' ) .
This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer , laptop , tablet or mobile phone ( a `` Device '' ) whenever you visit or interact with our Sites .
Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you .
Whenever we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information , we will treat it as Personal Information .
This Usage Information may include :
your IP address or other unique identifier ( `` Device Identifier '' ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Sites , and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier ;
your Device functionality ( including browser , operating system , hardware , mobile network information ) ;
the URL that referred you to our Sites ;
the areas within our Sites that you visit and your activities there , including remembering you and your preferences ;
your Device location ;
your Device characteristics ; and
certain other Device data , including the time of day , among other information .
We may use various developed methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information ( `` Tracking Technologies '' ) .
A few of the Tracking Technologies include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods hereafter developed ) :
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites .
A Flash cookie ( or locally shared object ) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device .
HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage .
Unlike Flash cookies , HTML5 cookies do not require a plug-in .
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers , and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings .
Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard .
Also , these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies .
Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies , Flash cookies , or HTML5 cookies on your Device , some parts of our Sites may not function properly , and that when you revisit our Sites your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations .
Mobile Device Identifiers .
Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Sites through mobile devices .
Certain features of our Sites may require collection of mobile phone numbers , and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information .
Additionally , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service .
Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information .
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as `` 1x1 GIFs '' or `` clear GIFs '' ) may be included in our Sites ' pages and messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Sites , to monitor how users navigate the Sites , to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Sites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
ETag or entity tag .
ETags or entity tags are a feature of the cache in browsers .
It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL .
If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned .
Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier .
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash , and HTML5 cookies .
We may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes , including :
We may use cookies or other technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Sites , including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity , improve security or allow you to make use of shopping-cart functionality .
We may use cookies or other technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the Sites , including as part of our web site analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content , products or services offered through the Sites .
We may use cookies or other technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Sites , including identifying you when you sign-in to our Sites or keeping track of your specified preferences , including in terms of the presentation of content on our Sites .
We may use cookies or other technologies to deliver content , including ads , relevant to your interests on our Sites and third-party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content .
This includes using cookies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
Further information on this is found in Section 6 below .
We obtain your consent to our information storage or collection Tracking Technologies by providing you with transparent information in our Privacy Policy and providing you with the opportunity to make your choice .
Please note that we are not required to obtain your express consent to the information collection technologies identified above that are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Sites .
Further information on this right for advertising-related technologies is found in Section 6 below .
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Sites with outside records from third parties for various purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you .
We will apply this Privacy Policy to such information we receive from those sources with information we collect through the Sites , and if information collected on and off the Sites is combined to the extent we combine it with Personal Information , it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this Privacy Policy to such combined information , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
In no other circumstances do our promises under this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties , even if they have used our technology to collect it and share it with us .
Information You Provide About A Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Sites , such as sending an invitation to a friend .
If so , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , etc . ) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise .
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Sites , your e-mail address , name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee ( s ) .
Some of these tools may be third party tools subject to third party privacy policies as further detailed in Section 1 ( c ) ( ii ) below .
Interactions with Third Party Sites
The Sites may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Sites and your account on a third party web site or application .
The use of this functionality may involve the third party operator providing certain information , including Personal Information , to the Sites .
For example , we may provide third party sites ' interfaces or links on the Sites to facilitate your sending a communication from the Sites .
For example , we may use third parties to facilitate emails , Tweets , Facebook postings or other social media functions .
These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties .
practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy .
We may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties .
You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such third party tools on our Sites , and we are not responsible for these parties ' practices .
Information About Your Location
The Sites and/or related applications may use geo-tracking software ( or other location based services ) to locate you so we may verify your location , deliver you relevant content based on your location as well as to share your location with our vendors as part of the services of the Sites .
With your consent , we provide location-based services or provide third parties access to your approximate or exact location information .
You should consider the risks involved in disclosing your location information to other people .
Further , with your consent , we may use your geo-location information to display businesses that are nearby to you or to present you with location-based offers .
We may make assumptions about your location based on your IP Address or otherwise .
How Do We Use The Information Collected
OWN may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information or Usage Information that we collect about you : ( 1 ) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive , including to send you electronic newsletters , or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties ; ( 2 ) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Sites ' features such as online entry sweepstakes and message boards ; ( 3 ) to process your registration with the Sites , including verifying your e-mail address is active and valid ; ( 4 ) to improve the Sites or our services , to customize your experience on the Sites , or to serve you specific content that is most relevant to you ; ( 5 ) to contact you with regard to your use of the Sites and , in our discretion , changes to the Sites and/or Sites ' policies ; ( 6 ) for internal business purposes ; and ( 7 ) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a `` contact us '' or other similar function may not receive a response .
We will not use the information provided to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise .
How and When Do We Disclose Information From Third Parties
OWN may share non-personally identifiable information , such as aggregated user statistics , with third parties .
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties ' marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide your Personal Information .
We may share the information we have collected about you , including Personal Information , as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy .
When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties
You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties .
If you do agree ( or do not decline ) to have your Personal Information shared , your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from third parties .
If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party , you will need to contact that third party directly .
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf
We may use third party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of the Sites , such as hosting the Sites , designing and/or operating the Sites ' features , tracking Site analytics , enabling you to purchase an O magazine subscription and enabling OWN to send you e-mail newsletters or performing other administrative services .
We may provide these companies with access to user information , including Personal Information , to carry out the services they are performing for you or for OWN .
Certain areas of the Sites may be provided to you in association with third parties ( `` Co-Branded Areas '' ) and may require you to disclose Personal Information in order to register for and access products and/or services .
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party associates .
If you elect to register for products and/or services at Co-Branded Areas you may be providing your information to both OWN and the third party associates .
Further , if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Sites , your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third party associates for that Co-Branded Area and will be subject to the posted privacy policies .
Sweepstakes , Contests And Promotions
We may offer sweepstakes , contests , and other promotions ( any , a `` Promotion '' ) through the Sites that may require registration .
By participating in a Promotion , you are agreeing to the terms , conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor ( s ) of the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion .
If you choose to enter a Promotion , Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion , including , without limitation , in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment , and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners list .
Administrative and Legal Reasons
We may transfer and disclose your information , including Personal Information , to third parties : ( i ) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law ; ( ii ) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; ( iii ) to protect and/or defend the Sites ' Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites ; or ( iv ) to protect the personal safety , rights , property or security of any individual .
We may also use IP address or other Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
OWN may share Personal Information with its parent ( s ) , subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons .
OWN also reserves the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Sites , including , without limitation , your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information : ( i ) to a subsequent owner , co-owner or operator of the Sites or applicable database ; or ( ii ) in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of OWN 's stock and/or assets or other corporate change , including , without limitation , during the course of any due diligence process .
What About Information I Disclose Publicly
User Generated Content , Social Networking and Public Information
The Sites may permit you to submit ideas , photographs , user profiles , writings , music , video , audio recordings , computer graphics , pictures , data , questions , comments , suggestions or other content , including Personal Information ( collectively , `` User Generated Content '' ) .
User Generated Content may be published online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or hereafter developed ) .
Others may have access to this User Generated Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties across the Internet .
Additionally , you may have the opportunity to engage in social networking through the Sites , such as creating a public profile , sharing User Generated Content , and inviting others to connect with you .
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Generated Content or social networking activities .
Please note that OWN does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly , share with others or otherwise upload onto the Sites .
We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Sites .
We may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information that is part of you User Generated Content ( or any portion of the content ) , and OWN may use the content , or any portion of the content , for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities .
For full terms and conditions regarding User Generated Content you submit to the Sites , please review our Terms of Use .
Do Third Party Content And Links To Third Party Sites Appear On The Sites
The Sites may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect web site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Sites are served to your browser .
In addition , when you are on the Sites you may be directed to other sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third party sites .
For example , if you `` click '' on a banner advertisement , the `` click '' may take you off the Sites onto a different web site .
These other web sites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
OWN encourages you to note when you leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any Personal Information to those sites .
Are There Third Party Ads Served On The Sites
The Sites may use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Sites and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Sites and viewing of ads and of our content .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements , which may be based on your visits to the Sites and other web sites you have visited .
Third party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
The Sites ' third party ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies ( including Flash cookies ) , web beacons and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral Usage Information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier .
These third party Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of content ) served by third parties in association with third party ads or other content may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Third party cookies ( including Flash cookies ) , web beacons , ETags and other Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us , even if they use our technology to store or collect data .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect .
We do however work with third parties to ensure that you are provided with the necessary information and are provided with the opportunity to make your choice .
The relevant third party 's terms of use , privacy policy , permissions , notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection , storage and sharing practices .
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third party advertisers or advertising networks .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different Device or change web browsers , your NAI opt-out may not , or may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on the NAI 's web site accessible by the above link .
How Do I Change My Information And Communication Preferences
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us , such as your contact information provided as part of registration .
The Sites may allow you to review , correct or update Personal Information you have provided through a Sites ' registration form or otherwise .
OWN will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
You may cancel or modify your communications such as newsletters that you have elected to receive from the Sites by following the instructions contained within the e-mail you receive as part of the subscription or newsletter or by logging into your user account and changing your communication preferences .
What About Consent To Transfer Information to The United States
The Sites are operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States ( which include the District of Columbia and territories and possessions ) .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or anywhere else outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including , without limitation , Personal Information , will be transferred to , processed and stored in the United States .
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States .
By using the Sites or providing us with any information , you consent to this transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States .
Please be aware that any information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites that is shared with our affiliates or vendors may be transferred to , processed and stored at locations outside of the United States if those affiliates or vendors are located outside of the United States .
Any information processed , transferred or stored by affiliates or vendors that are located outside of the United States will be subject to applicable privacy laws in the country that such affiliates or vendors are located .
By using or providing your information to the Sites , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage and processing of your information in this manner .
What Should Parents Know About Children
The Sites are general audience web sites and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk .
What About Changes To The Privacy Policy
OWN reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
However , OWN will not use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected without your consent .

Oracle 's Privacy Policy
Oracle Corporation and our subsidiaries and affiliates ( `` Oracle '' or `` we '' ) respect your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of the Oracle.com Web sites and your interactions with Oracle off-line .
This policy lets you know how we collect and use your personal information , and how you can control its use .
This policy describes the broadest potential use of personal information throughout the Oracle Web sites and in offline transactions ; however , we may make far less use of your personal information .
Because Oracle lines of business and offerings collect and use personal information in different ways , Oracle has established separate privacy policies that govern those different activities .
The following privacy policies are specifically tailored to the relevant line of business or offering , and are separate and distinct from the activities governed by this privacy policy :
The services privacy policy addresses customer data to which we may be provided access in order to perform consulting , product support , outsourcing and other services .
The recruiting privacy policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle 's employment recruiting efforts .
The Exchange.Oracle.com privacy policy addresses information shared in an online commercial trading community .
The Profit Magazine and Oracle Magazine privacy policy addresses information we collect from subscribers to these publications .
The Oracle.com Web sites provide links to non-Oracle sites we believe may be of interest to you .
Those sites are beyond our control .
You are advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-Oracle sites before providing your personal information to them .
TRUSTe Certification and Safe Harbor
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
TRUSTe Certification : Oracle is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
If you have questions about this policy , please fill out an inquiry form .
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe or fax Watchdog Complaints at 415.520.3420 , or send postal mail to : Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA USA 94105 .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to register a complaint , you must include the following information : our company name ( Oracle ) ; the nature of the alleged privacy violation , including details about how your data was collected and what causes you to believe a violation occurred ; the resolution you are requesting ; your contact information ; and whether you give permission to TRUSTe to share the particulars of your complaint , including your name , with us .
The TRUSTe Click to Verify seal applies to Oracle Web sites and offline privacy practices , services privacy policy , and recruiting privacy policy .
It does not cover personal information that may be collected through software downloaded from the Oracle Web sites or in connection with Exchange.Oracle.com or Oracle publications .
Safe Harbor : Oracle is a global corporation , with operations in over 80 countries , and has developed global data practices designed to assure your personal data is appropriately protected .
Oracle 's privacy practices , including the practices addressed in this policy and those applicable to its services businesses , are self-certified to the United States/European Union Safe Harbor Program .
and the United States/Swiss Safe Harbor Program as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland respectively .
For more information about Safe Harbor or to access Oracle 's certification statement , see Safe Harbor Program .
TRUSTe acts as Oracle 's third-party dispute resolution provider , as required by the Safe Harbor Program .
If you have a complaint concerning Oracle 's Safe Harbor compliance , please use the TRUSTe complaint process described above .
Types of Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Personal Information : This policy covers the following personal information that Oracle collects through your use of the Oracle Web sites and in connection with off-line communications .
Specifically , Oracle may collect this information from offline and online registrations and forms , communications and interactions , and sales inquiries and transactions .
Oracle also may use third-party sources , such as opt-in lists , as specified in Section 4 below .
Contact information , such as name , physical address , telephone number ( s ) , email address , and company .
The majority of the information collected under this category is business contact information and when this information is collected in forms on our web site , it is collected and/or transmitted using Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology .
Transactional information , including information about the products and services you purchase or download or about which you make an inquiry .
User preferences , such as product requirements , areas of industry interest , newsletters , community choices and other information you select in the customer profile when registering on Oracle.com or indicated by your use of the Oracle Web sites .
Financial/credit card and payment information .
Event and conference participation information , such as lectures , classes or booths attended or visited during an event or conference hosted or attended by Oracle .
If we use electronic tracking technologies at an event , we will provide notice in the event registration materials and/or correspondence .
We may supplement information you provide with information received from third parties .
Electronic Communications Protocols and Cookies : In addition to the information specified above , Oracle may collect information about your use of the Oracle.com Web sites through electronic communications protocols and cookies .
As is true when you visit most Web sites , Oracle may automatically receive information from you as part of the communication connection itself , which often consists of network routing information ( where you came from ) , equipment information ( browser type ) , your IP address , and date and time .
Oracle also uses cookies , embedded URLs and embedded pixels to capture additional information .
Cookies : Oracle 's server will query your browser to see if there are `` cookies '' previously set by the Oracle Web sites .
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web server to store on a Web browser so it can later be read back from that browser .
Cookies on the Web sites may collect a unique identifier , user preferences and profile information and membership information .
Oracle also uses cookies to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personally identifiable information .
Some cookies may remain on the user 's computer after they leave the Web site , and the majority are set to expire within 30 365 days .
Your browser may provide you with information and control over cookies .
You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used , and accept or reject the cookie .
You can also set your browser to refuse all cookies or accept only cookies returned to the originating servers .
Users can generally disable the cookie feature on their browser without affecting their ability to use the site , except in some cases where cookies are used as an essential security feature necessary for transaction completion .
Cookies , however , are important to the proper functioning of a site and disabling them may degrade your experience and interfere with Web site features and customizations .
Flash Cookies : We also use flash cookies , also known as `` local shared objects , '' on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer .
One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com .
Embedded URLs : Oracle also uses a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the site without cookies .
Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the site , but is not associated with personal information and is not used beyond the session .
Embedded Pixels : On the Web site , Oracle may use embedded pixel technologies on selected pages for the purposes of identifying unique user visits to the Oracle Web sites as opposed to aggregate hits .
In addition , embedded pixels or other technologies may be used in emails to provide information on when the email was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness ; information collected using these technologies may be associated with the recipient 's email address .
Third-Party Cookies : Oracle has engaged one or more third-party service providers to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from visitors to the Web site .
The service provider ( s ) set cookies on behalf of Oracle .
Oracle also uses other third-party cookies to track the performance of Oracle advertisements on their Web sites .
Oracle may re-associate the information provided by the technologies directly above with personal information .
Widgets : Our Web site includes Widgets , which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company ( for example , links to bookmarked sites ) .
Personal information , such as your email address , may be collected through the Widget .
Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly .
Information collected or used by a Widget , including cookie settings and preferences , is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it .
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
Oracle uses ( and , where specified , shares ) your personal information for the following purposes :
To engage in transactions .
Oracle may use personal information such as name , physical address , telephone number , email address , and company to engage in transactions with you , including contacting you about your order .
To process transactions .
Oracle may use financial/credit card and payment information to process your order .
Oracle may need to share some of this information with delivery services , credit card clearing houses and other third parties to complete the transaction .
To provide support or other services .
Oracle may use your personal information to provide you support or other services you have ordered , as well as product updates , product patches and fixes and other similar communications .
To tailor marketing to your needs and respond to your requests .
Oracle may use your personal information to notify you about new product releases and service developments .
Oracle also may use your personal information to respond directly to your requests for information , including registrations for newsletters or other specific requests , or pass your contact information to the appropriate Oracle distributor or reseller for further follow-up related to your interests .
In addition , if you consent , Oracle may share your contact information with other selected partners that offer complementary products or services .
Please review the specific partner 's privacy policy regarding any further interactions with them .
To provide online forums and social networks .
Some services available on the Web sites permit you to participate in interactive discussions , post comments , opportunities or other content to a bulletin board or exchange , or otherwise engage in networking activities .
Some of these services are moderated ; all may be accessed for technical reasons .
Oracle does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks .
You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums or social networks and should tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use .
In addition , you should review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services , including terms related to use , sharing your personal information and receiving communications ; any such terms will be clearly identified on the relevant site .
To post Testimonials .
We post testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information .
Prior to posting the testimonial , we obtain the customer 's consent to post their name along with their testimonial .
To administer product downloads .
Oracle may contact you if you download products to confirm certain information about your order ( for example , that you did not experience problems in the download process ) , discuss the downloaded products or provide marketing or sales information about related products and services .
Oracle also may use this information to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use and may share it with your company .
To select content , improve quality , and facilitate use of the Web Sites .
Oracle may use your personal information , including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic protocols and cookies ( including third-party cookies ) , to help create and personalize Web site content , facilitate your use of the Web sites ( for example , to facilitate navigation and the login process , avoid duplicate data entry , enhance security , keep track of shopping cart additions and preserve order information between sessions ) , improve Web site quality , track marketing campaign responsiveness , and evaluate page response rates .
To provide various Oracle communities , such as partners , with relevant product alerts and updates .
If you sign up for an Oracle community ( for example , Oracle Partner Network , Oracle Technology Network , Oracle.com ) , Oracle also will provide you information in which you have expressed an interest related to new product releases , alerts , updates , prices , terms , special offers and associated campaigns .
To power joint sales or product promotions .
Oracle and its partners may engage in joint sales or product promotions .
Such promotions will always reference the partners involved .
Both Oracle and the partner ( s ) will have access to that information , and either Oracle or our partners may provide you the sales or product promotion information .
We recommend you review the privacy policies of these partners to address your particular needs and concerns .
To contact a referral/ '' tell a friend '' .
If you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about our site , we will ask you for the friend 's name and email address .
Oracle will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site .
Oracle uses this personal information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
The friend may contact Oracle through our inquiry form to be removed from the referral program .
To communicate with you about a conference or event .
We or our partners may communicate with you about a conference or event hosted or co-sponsored by Oracle or one of our partners .
This may include information about the event 's content , event logistics , payment , updates , and any additional meetings , special demonstrations or other customer facilitation that we may provide related to an event for which you have registered .
Oracle may contact you after the event about the event and related products and services and may share information about your attendance with your company .
Oracle also will permit designated partners or conference sponsors to send you up to two communications through the services of a third-party bonded warehouse .
Please note that our partners or conference sponsors may directly request your personal information at their conference booths or presentations ; providing your information is optional , and you should review their privacy policies to address your particular needs and concerns .
To comply with legal requirements .
Oracle may be required to disclose your personal information in order to comply with legally mandated reporting , disclosure or other legal process requirements .
Oracle will use reasonable efforts to limit the personal information it provides for these purposes .
Please note that your personal information may be transferred , accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses stated above in accordance with this policy .
While Oracle may share your personal information with agents and contractors in order to perform the functions listed above , including credit card clearing services , order fulfillment , and event , campaign and web site management , we require that they treat your personal information , and limit its use , in accordance with the standards specified in this policy .
Registration , Customization , Preferences , and Opt-Out
Oracle allows you to establish an online registration profile for marketing communications at Oracle.com .
You may use the profile to customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic information , including opting into ( or out of ) communities , newsletters and general interest areas .
Please login as usual and follow the prompts to `` update my profile . ''
Oracle.com enables you to opt out of marketing communications .
You may opt out of email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails .
You can find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications , as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing , on our Oracle.com Account Help page .
If you have any problems using any of these opt-out mechanisms , please fill out an inquiry form .
Some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out , such as communications related to product download , sales transactions , software updates and other support related information , patches and fixes , quality assurance surveys , conferences or events for which you have registered , and disclosures to comply with legal requirements , as well as communications with partners , including product alerts , updates , marketing and sales materials and other notices related to partner status .
Oracle enables you to opt-out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality .
You may access or change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking here .
If you have any problems using this cookie preference mechanism , please fill out an inquiry form .
Oracle only shares personal information with selected companies after providing users the ability to either opt out of or opt into the sharing .
There are limitations to opting out of such sharing in the case of ( 1 ) joint sale or joint events where the data goes to both Oracle and the other party at the same time ; ( 2 ) where the customer has requested follow-up which involves Oracle partners ; and ( 3 ) where third parties are required to accomplish the transaction or perform the service .
Third-Party Permission-Based Lists .
On occasion , Oracle may use third-party lists to send communications about Oracle products and services .
These lists , which are maintained by third parties , include users eligible under applicable law to receive emails from other companies such as Oracle .
When we use such lists , the communications will include mechanisms to opt out of Oracle marketing communications and the third-party lists .
If you have trouble opting out , or if you wish to make us aware of any issues related to a third-party mailing , you may contact us directly through our inquiry form .
Access and Profile Updates
You have the ability to update your Oracle.com profile and related personal information at any time .
If you have questions about your account or are having trouble accessing your account , you can get answers to Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQs ) and request help with your account .
If you have privacy concerns about your personal information , please contact us through our inquiry form .
You may also write to us at the following address :
10 Van de Graaff Drive
Burlington , Massachusetts 01803
Attn : Chief Privacy Officer
While the majority of questions and issues related to access can be handled quickly , complex requests may take more research and time .
In such cases , issues will be addressed , or you will be contacted regarding the nature of the problem and appropriate next steps , within thirty days .
Oracle uses some third parties to administer a limited set of Oracle advertisements on its Web sites .
No personal information is provided to the advertisers as part of this process , but aggregate profile information , such as user community , may be used in the selection of advertising to make sure that it has relevance to the user .
On some banner ads , an embedded pixel may be present , and while it does not associate with a cookie or other personal profile information , it may return session connection information that allows advertisers to better determine how many individual users have clicked on the ad banner .
The security of your personal information is very important to Oracle .
We have in place physical , administrative and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access .
In addition , Oracle uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive data such as credit card details .
When you enter sensitive information such as your credit card number on our site , we encrypt it using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology .
In the event that your personal information is acquired , or is reasonably believed to have been acquired , by an unauthorized person and applicable law requires notification , Oracle will notify you of the breach by email , fax , or U.S. mail .
Oracle will give you notice promptly , consistent with the reasonable needs of law enforcement and/or Oracle to determine the scope of the breach and to investigate and restore the integrity of the data system .
Oracle has appointed a Chief Privacy Officer .
If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with this policy or your specified preferences , or if you have further questions related to this policy , please contact the Chief Privacy Officer by filling out an inquiry form .
Written inquiries may be addressed to Chief Privacy Officer , Oracle Corporation , 10 Van de Graaff Drive , Burlington , Massachusetts 01803 , United States of America .
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ( also known as S.B . 27 ) , if you are a California resident and your business relationship with Oracle is primarily for personal , family , or household purposes , you may request certain data regarding Oracle 's disclosure , if any , of personal information to third parties for the third-parties ' direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please fill out an inquiry form ; you may make such a request up to once per calendar year .
If applicable , we will provide you , by email , a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year , along with the third parties ' names and addresses .
Please note that not all personal information sharing is covered by S.B . 27 's requirements .
We may update this policy from time to time .
We will post a prominent notice in this section of this policy notifying users when it is updated .
If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection , we will notify you via email , and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your personal information in this different manner .
We appreciate your comments on Oracle 's privacy practices : please contact us through the privacy inquiry form .
Last Updated : May 5 , 2010 .
See the prior version of this policy .
Redwood Shores , CA

TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Effective March 1 , 2013
Your privacy is very important to Orbitz , LLC .
This Privacy Policy describes the principles and practices that apply to Personal Information ( defined below ) collected from users of our services ( you ) on our Site ( defined below ) , in telephone or e-mail communications , or in interviews , surveys , contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes .
We will not collect Personal Information without your knowledge and permission ;
We will not knowingly disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except as provided in this Privacy Policy ;
We will allow you to view , correct or modify your Personal Information ; and
We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the Personal Information we collect from you .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Law , California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship , ( a ) a list of the categories of personal information , such as name , e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer , that a business has disclosed to third parties ( including affiliates that are separate legal entities ) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes and ( b ) the names and addresses of all such third parties .
We will respond to such requests to information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above .
If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address , we will respond within a reasonable period of time , but not to exceed 150 days from the date received .
Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year .
The remainder of this Privacy Policy describes our Personal Information handling practices in detail .
What Personal Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
To whom we disclose Personal Information
How we retain and store Personal Information
How we protect Personal Information
How to access , modify or close your acount
Changes to the Privacy Policy
U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks
In this Privacy Policy , terms that commence with a capital letter are defined in this Section .
Guest means an individual who searches and Books Products or Services on our Site without being a Member .
Member ID means the e-mail address Members use ( with their password ) to log into our Site .
Orbitz , us , our or we means Orbitz , LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates .
Personal Information means any information , recorded in any form , about an identified individual , or an individual whose identity may be inferred from the information .
This includes , for example , name , e-mail and mailing address , telephone number , billing and account information and other information incidental to providing Products or Services ( including information about individuals traveling with an individual who Books on our Site ) .
Products or Services means the airline travel , hotel accommodation , car rental , ground transportation , tours , theater tickets , attractions , travel insurance and other items available from our Site .
To Book means to reserve .
Session Data means usage and device information .
This includes , for example , the type of browser and operating system an individual uses , the domain name of the site from which the individual came , the date , time and duration of the individual 's visit to our Site , the number of visits to our Site , the pages viewed on our Site , the cookies accumulated on the user 's browser , the type of mobile device the individual uses and the unique identifier of an individual 's mobile device .
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US , AND/OR BY USING OUR SITE , YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT , USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW .
If you do not agree with these terms , do not provide any Personal Information to us .
If you refuse or withdraw your consent , or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information , we may not be able to provide you Products or Services .
Minors ( as defined under the laws of their jurisdiction or residence ) are not eligible to use our Site , register for an account or Book Products or Services .
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Minor , and will not use this information if we discover that it has been provided by a Minor .
Other Travelers or Contacts
If you Book Products or Services for other travelers or if you provide us with contact information of a third party for Orbitz Care Alerts , you must make sure that you have the right to do so .
By providing the Personal Information of another traveler or third party , you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person ( s ) to enable us to collect , use and disclose his or her Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
What Personal Information we collect
We collect only such information as necessary to provide Products and Services to you .
When you are just visiting
When you visit our Site as a Guest or Member , we collect Session Data .
When using the Orbitz mobile site or applications , you may search for Products and Services in the area in which you are located .
If you choose to do so , depending on the mobile device or application you are using , we may collect your geo-location information to search for the applicable Products and Services or to personalize and improve your individual viewing experiences on our Site and provide information that may be of interest to you .
You may at any time disable our collection and use of your location information by turning location services off at the device level .
When you register as a Member
When you register with us as a Member , you must provide your name and e-mail address .
You must choose a password , which will be required to gain access to portions of our Site reserved for Member use .
We may also request your home zip code .
You may elect to provide other information .
Such information may include , for example , gender , activities and lifestyle preferences or preferred destinations .
When you Book Products or Services as a Member
When you Book Products or Services as a Member , you must provide payment and billing information and other information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
Such information may include , for example , date of birth , gender , driver information or similar information .
If you choose to use our E-mail Your Itinerary feature , we will send the individual ( s ) you identify a one-time e-mail with the applicable information .
We do not permanently store the name or e-mail address of such individuals .
When you Book Products or Services for a third party
When you Book Products or Services for a third party , you must provide that third party 's name and contact information , payment and billing information and other information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
When you Book Products or Services as a Guest
When you Book Products or Services as a Guest , you must provide Personal Information required by the travel service provider ( s ) .
You must also provide an e-mail address so that we can send you our welcome e-mail and a confirmation of the booking .
With the confirmation , we will provide you with a temporary password so that you can return to our Site if you wish to review information about the booking .
When you participate in contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes
We may offer you the chance to win a variety of travel-related prizes by sponsoring contests , promotions , raffles or sweepstakes .
If you choose to participate , we will collect Personal Information such as your name or e-mail or mailing address .
If a third party administers the contest , your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for such third parties .
You should carefully review these third parties ' terms and conditions .
When you participate in a survey or a focus group
From time to time , we may invite you to participate in a survey or a focus group .
You are free to participate or not .
We will collect the responses you provide , and will make them anonymous by aggregating them with those of other participants .
If you use a bulletin board , blog or chat room on our Site , you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read , collected or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums .
If you wish to request the removal of your Personal Information from our blog , you can do so by contacting us as indicated in Contact Information .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
When we advertise on third party sites
When you visit a site on which we advertise and click through our advertisement , we may place cookies on your computer or use pixel tags .
The information that we collect through this technology is not personally identifiable .
When you call or write to our Customer Service
When you call or write to our Customer Service , we collect contact information , including , for example , name , phone number , e-mail or mailing address , and information about the relevant booking as necessary to assist you .
For example , if you call for assistance with a pre-existing booking or to Book Products or Services , we may request your name , contact information and payment and billing information .
When we send e-mails or e-newsletters
When we send e-mails or e-newsletters , we may insert a pixel tag in the e-mail .
If you choose to use our Forward to a Friend feature , we will send your friend ( s ) a one-time e-mail about the applicable information .
We do not permanently store the name or e-mail address of such individuals .
Supplementation of Personal Information
In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submitted to us with information from third party sources :
Address Verification : If you Book Products or Services , we use third parties in order to verify your address information during the credit card authorization process .
Enhancement of Profile Information : We obtain marketing data from third parties and add it to our existing user database , to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers for which we think you would be interested .
To enrich our profiles of individual customers , we tie this information to the Personal Information you submitted to us .
How we use the information we collect
We use Personal Information in order to provide and enhance the Products or Services offered :
To record your travel preferences , make reservations or acquire travel insurance on your behalf or communicate with you about your travel plans ;
To issue invoices , administer accounts , collect and process payments ;
To provide tips or guidance on how to use our Site , inform you of new features on our Site or provide other information that may be of interest to users ;
To personalize the service or communication we provide to you , tailor your experience at our Site or other sites to your interests and make more appropriate travel recommendations ;
To send you commercial communications , if you have not opted-out of receiving these communications ;
To manage our Site , diagnose technical problems , improve content and allocate the resources of our systems so that your experience with our Site is as efficient as possible ;
To process and track your transactions and to send you information about our and our affiliates ' and business partners ' products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you ;
To develop , enhance , market , sell or provide Orbitz ' Products or Services , or those of companies with which we have a commercial relationship , but only if you have granted us permission to do so or we are otherwise able to do so under applicable law ;
To evaluate credit standing and to match credit bureau or credit reporting agency information ;
To investigate , detect and protect Orbitz and other third parties against error , negligence , breach of contract , fraud , theft and other illegal activities ;
To effect a corporate transaction in connection with the sale , merger , spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation , where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business ;
To audit compliance with our policies and contractual obligations ;
As permitted by , and to comply with , any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions ; or
For any other purpose to which you consent .
Contests , Promotions , Raffles and Sweepstakes
If you participate in a contest , promotion , raffle or sweepstakes , we will only use your Personal Information to notify you if you win .
We may send you additional commercial communications only if you have specifically requested when filling out the contest or promotion form .
We will share the information you provide us with the entities with which we may have teamed to propose a joint promotion .
We use Session Data to better understand how our Site is navigated to and used , so we can improve our Site 's content and ease of use , personalize and improve your individual viewing experiences on our Site and provide information that may be of interest to you .
We may use service providers to collect Session Data on our behalf .
You may opt-out of certain Session Data being collected while you are using a mobile device by clicking here .
We use pixel tags to monitor the open rate of our communications .
This helps us understand the effectiveness of communications we send .
We do not use this information for any other purpose .
Survey and Focus Groups
When you participate in surveys or focus groups , your participation and responses will be kept confidential and will not be shared with third parties without your permission , except with our service providers .
Aggregated information is information recorded in any form about more than one individual , where the identity of the individual is not known and can not be inferred from the information .
We may use aggregated information to describe our user base to current or potential partners , investors and advertisers ; after a survey , to understand and respond to market needs and preferences ; or to make recommendations to other users of our Site .
For example , if users of our Site who have traveled to a particular destination told us that they had positive experiences at a hotel in that destination , we might recommend that hotel .
What we do NOT do
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , Member ID , password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to us .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority .
For more information about phishing , you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission .
To whom we disclose Personal Information
From time to time , we may disclose your Personal Information as follows :
To those travel service providers with which you make arrangements through our Site , for example airlines , car rental , hotel , ground transportation , theater , attraction or travel insurance .
We provide them with the Personal Information needed to make and complete the booking or reservation ;
To organizations that perform services for or on behalf of Orbitz , for example to provide customer service , deliver tickets , ship items , process credit cards , for research , marketing , data processing , to measure the use of our Site , to facilitate usage by a visitor or to offer credit card services or evaluate your creditworthiness .
We will share with these companies only that Personal Information which they need to work on our behalf .
Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside the US and outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) .Your Personal Information will be provided to these organizations only if they agree to use such information solely for the purpose of providing services to Orbitz , and under the instructions of Orbitz , and with respect to that information , to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Privacy Policy .
By submitting your personal data , you agree to the transfer , storing and processing of your data outside the US and outside the EEA ;
We may collaborate with other companies to offer you additional Products or Services , for example , through sweepstakes , raffles and promotions .
We will share Personal Information that is necessary for these other companies to provide the Products or Services that you have requested .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of your Personal Information by these other companies .
We encourage you to read a company 's privacy policy before requesting any of its products or services ;
To protect our Site and our rights under our Terms and Conditions ; to protect ourselves against liability or prevent fraudulent activity ; or where it is necessary to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain ;
To effect a corporate transaction , in connection with the sale , merger , spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation , where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business ;
Where the information is public ; or
To our insurers and to regulatory agencies .
Please note that there are circumstances where the use or disclosure of Personal Information may be justified or permitted , or where Orbitz may be obligated to disclose information without consent .
Such circumstances may include :
If required to comply with a subpoena or warrant issued or an order made by a court , person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information or to comply with the rules of a court relating to the production of records .
If we receive a formal request to disclose your Personal Information in connection with a legal action , we will attempt to contact you about it , if permitted by law , via the e-mail address you provided during registration , before we respond to that request ;
If we believe in good faith that a law , regulation , rule or guideline requires it ;
To a person who needs the information because of an emergency that threatens the life , health or security of an identifiable person or group ; or
Where it is necessary to collect monies owing to us .
In order to protect national security and to ensure travel security , the United States Government and other governments may request access to passenger name records , which typically includes name , flight origin , flight destination , flight time , duration of flight , seat location , travel agent , form of payment , credit card numbers , travel itinerary , address , telephone number and meal requests .
In response to such request , Orbitz and/or its providers will give access to all the information you provide at the time of making the booking to the applicable government agencies of the countries to or from which you are traveling .
How we retain and store Personal information
My Trips and My Account
If you are a Member , we store your Personal Information in My Trips and My Account .
You can access My Trips and My Account from the home page of our Site , after logging onto our Site .
My Trips contains information about your current , canceled or past trips .
My Account contains your name , e-mail address , e-mail and password settings , and departure city from which you usually travel .
It may also contain other information so that you do not need to re-enter it each time you Book a Product or Service .
For example , My Account may contain your billing information unless you tell us not to store it .
It may also contain your preferences for seat selection or special meals , details about your participation in loyalty or awards programs and applicable membership numbers and other travel preferences .
We also keep in My Account all other information that you have elected to provide us , such as gender , activities and lifestyle preferences and favorite destinations .
You can access , modify or close your account as described in How to access , modify , or close your account .
Third Parties ' Personal Information
We will retain in your My Account , the Personal Information of individuals for whom you have made reservations or to whom we have sent Orbitz Care Alerts on your behalf .
You can access or modify these third parties ' Personal Information at any time , as described in How to access , modify , or close your account .
We will retain your Personal Information in our databases in accordance with our Records Management Policy and applicable laws .
This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us , but it will be only as long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to respond to any issues that may arise later .
For example , we may need or be required to retain information to allow you to obtain credit for a trip you Booked but had to cancel .
We may also need to retain certain information to prevent fraudulent activity ; protect ourselves against liability , permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain ; or if we believe in good faith that a law , regulation , rule or guideline requires it .
Your Personal Information will be stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by Orbitz , located either at our offices or at the offices of our service providers as described in How we protect Personal Information .
How we protect Personal Information
Orbitz employs physical , administrative and technical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and integrity of Personal Information and to reduce the risk of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure or modification of Personal Information .
When Personal Information is sent to our service providers , we require in our contracts with them that they protect all Personal Information in a manner consistent with the principles articulated in this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to contact Orbitz through our Site , you should be aware that any information transmitted electronically via the World Wide Web might not be secure .
Orbitz assumes no liability for the loss of any information that you transmit to us via the World Wide Web .
However , if you provide your credit card information on our Site 's credit card forms or if you choose to search for Products and Services , through the Orbitz mobile applications , that are located near you and we collect your geo-location , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
In communicating with you , we may send e-mail as unencrypted plain text because we are aware that most Members and Guests can not readily process encrypted e-mail .
This is done for your convenience , but with the security concern that , if misrouted or intercepted , it could be read more easily than encrypted e-mail .
How to access , modify or close your Account
We endeavor to ensure that Personal Information is as accurate , complete and current as necessary for the purposes for which we use that information .
We encourage you to visit your account to review your Personal Information .
You can access your Personal Information in My Account and update it or delete inaccuracies , as necessary .
For example , you can change at any time your e-mail address , activities and lifestyle preferences , favorite destinations or your preferences for receiving or not receiving commercial communications .
If you wish to close your account , you can do so by contacting us as indicated in Contact Information .
We will respond to such requests within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above .
If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address , we will respond within a reasonable period of time , but not to exceed 150 days from the date received .
If you request that we close your account , we will promptly do so , to the extent possible .
Once your account is closed , however , you will not be able to use many of the services available on our Site to Members , unless you re-register .
Please remember that we may not be able to honor your request if we are legally obligated to retain information , or for other reasons described in Retention and Storage .
Cookies and pixel tags
A cookie is a small text file that our computer sends to your computer , and that your computer sends back to us each time you make a request from our Site .
A cookie contains a unique identification number that identifies the visitor 's browser , but not necessarily the visitor .
A pixel tag is a small graphic image similar to a cookie .
When you access our Site , we may place cookies , pixel tags or other code on your computer to collect Session Data .
These technologies are used to help us recognize you when you visit our Site again or to help us customize your online experience .
Unless you specifically informs us of your identity ( e.g. , by registering with us ) , we will not know who you are .
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies .
You can instruct your browser , by editing its options , to stop accepting cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit .
You can learn more about the use of cookies by clicking here or here .
If you decide not to accept our cookies , you will be able to access those parts of our Site that are available to the general public , but you will not be able to access many of Products and Services .
We work with third parties to serve ads on our Site and to serve ads on sites owned or operated by other companies .
Our ad servers , and those of our partners , use cookies and pixel tags in order to anonymously identify your browser .
Some ad companies , such as ad networks , may combine anonymous information obtained in connection with activity on our Site with information obtained from other sources and/or sites .
We do not use or share your Personal Information with our ad servers , media partners or ad networks without your authorization .
We use anonymous Session Data , such as the destination of your search , in order to advertise to you on our Site and on other sites .
We do not sell your Session Data to any other party in connection with our ad programs but we may use it in order to run ads on behalf of others , such as travel suppliers .
For example , we may serve an airline 's ad to you while you are on another site , on behalf of that airline .
In such cases , we use third parties to anonymously identify your browser while on another site .
You can opt-out of this kind of advertising by clicking here and here .
By opting out of this kind of advertising you may still receive ads from Orbitz or ads from other parties that are broadly targeted ( not on the basis of your Session Data ) .
As part of the registration process we give you the ability to receive commercial communications about Products and Services , updates to our Site and customized advertisements and promotions that are targeted to your specific interests , such as flight specials , promotions , contests , sweepstakes and other travel opportunities available on our Site and/or sponsored by our travel service providers and advertisers .
We send these communications directly ourselves or via service providers .
If you do not opt-out from receiving these communications , we will send them to you .
At any time you may change your selection to receive or not receive these communications by changing your preferences as described in How to access , modify or close your account .
In addition , these communications will include instructions on how to unsubscribe .
Orbitz may from time to time monitor and review any information transmitted or received through our Site , or through telephone or e-mail communications , for quality assurance and other purposes .
We reserve the right to censor , edit , remove or prohibit the transmission or receipt of any information that Orbitz deems inappropriate or in violation of our Terms and Conditions .
During monitoring the information may be examined , recorded or copied .
When you click on a third party 's link from our Site , or from an ad for a third party served by one of our service providers , you will enter that third party 's site , over which we have no control .
We are not responsible for third party sites .
You should carefully review the privacy statements of any other sites you visit , because those privacy statements will apply to your visit to such other sites and may be very different from this Privacy Policy .
Our Site includes social plug-ins , such as the Facebook or Twitter button , and gives you the option to post information about your activities on our Site to your social media accounts .
These features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our Site , and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Social plug-ins are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Changes in Ownership
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We may also undergo a change of ownership .
Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to our Site , as well as to existing information held by us .
If we decide to change this policy in a material way , we will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if we seek to collect , use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those to which consent has been obtained , unless otherwise required or permitted by law .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( at the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective .
If any proposed change is unacceptable to you , you may request that we close your account , as described in How to access , modify or close your account .
Orbitz has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and Orbitz ' practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe program only covers information collected through our Site .
If you have questions or concerns about Orbitz ' privacy practices , you should first contact us .
If contacting us does not resolve your question or concern , you may raise your question or concern with TRUSTe by clicking here .
U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks
Orbitz complies with the U.S. E.U .
& U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland .
Orbitz has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
You can learn more about the Safe Harbor Frameworks , and view Orbitz 's certification by clicking here .
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor Frameworks , we have agreed to TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor Frameworks .
If you have complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor Frameworks you should first contact us .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by clicking here , by fax at 1-415-520-3420 or by mail at TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : Orbitz ' name , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with Orbitz .
You can learn more about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process by clicking here or requesting this information from TRUSTe via any of the contact methods listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process will be conducted in English .
For human resources data , we have agreed to cooperate with Data Protection Authorities .
If you have questions or concerns about ( a ) this Privacy Policy , ( b ) the collection , use , management or disclosure of your Personal Information or ( c ) accessing , modifying or closing your account , you may contact us as indicated below .
We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them .
Mail : Orbitz , LLC , Attn : Customer Service Privacy , 500 West Madison Street , Suite 1000 , Chicago , Illinois 60661
Telephone : 1-888-656-4546 ( within the United States ) or 1-312-416-0018 ( outside the United States )

This privacy policy is specific to this website ( `` Website '' ) and overrides any other privacy policies appearing elsewhere on Oxford University Press websites .
Oxford University Press ( `` OUP '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) is committed to protecting your privacy online .
This privacy policy explains how we will do this .
We will review this privacy policy in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version .
By using the Website , you are accepting the practices described in this statement .
What kind of information do we collect and how do we use it
When you visit the Website , OUP may collect information and statistics that contain your identifying information .
The information collected may include information relating to your behaviour and navigation on the Website .
This information allows us to carry out internal research on our users ' interests , demographics and behaviour so that we can better understand , and in turn , provide better information , products and services to you and other customers .
If you subscribe to or ask for further information about the Website , we ask for your name , email address , postal address , and other relevant personal information .
Personal information submitted in this way is added to our access control database , hosted by a third party hosting company , and to our customer databases at OUP 's and/or our affiliates ' premises .
This information will be updated if you inform us of any changes .
If you are a subscriber ( which may be you as an individual or an institution to which you are affiliated ) ( including a subscriber on a trial basis ) , your personal information will be used to enable us to verify that you are a subscriber and to deliver any restricted content on the Website to you .
If you sign up to receive newsletters , we will ask you for your email address and your name and this information will be added to our customer databases .
We may use information in our customer databases to send you information about us , our affiliates , our products and services , and our affiliates ' products and services that we think may be of interest to you electronically or otherwise .
We request personal information ( such as your name , email address and other contact details ) from you when you contact us with subscription management queries , technical problems , to comment on the Website , or when you ask for information about how to use the products and/or services made available on the Website .
Personal information submitted by you via the `` contact us '' page will not be added to our customer databases and we request it simply so that we can respond to you about your query .
Statistics regarding the types of queries submitted to us via the `` contact us '' page may be collated by us in aggregate form so that we can effectively monitor the Website and improve levels of service .
If you have asked for information or subscribed to restricted content on the Website in the past and no longer subscribe to such service and do not wish us to store information about you , please contact us and we will remove your details from our customer databases .
We need to store information about current subscribers in order to fulfil our contractual requirements to you and grant you access to restricted content on the Website .
You may notify us either in writing or by telephone , fax or email that you object to being contacted or being contacted in a particular stated way .
If you use more than one email address to communicate with us , please notify us of each email account you use .
When do we share information
We do not sell your personal information to third parties .
We share your information within OUP .
We also share your information with our affiliates , licensors and suppliers , which assist us in making the Website available to you ( e.g . our hosting supplier ) .
If we believe that your use of the Website is unlawful or damaging to others , we reserve the right to disclose the information we have obtained through the Website about you to third parties to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent , remedy or take action in relation to such conduct .
We may also disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation ; in order to enforce or apply any agreements or licences with you ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of OUP , our employees , affiliates , licensors , suppliers , and/or our customers .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
If any part of our business ( including those of our affiliates ) is sold or integrated with another business , your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers .
OUP uses `` cookies '' and other technologies on the Website .
The terms and conditions governing OUP 's use of `` cookies '' and such other technologies on the Website are set out in OUP 's Cookie Policy .
By using the Website , you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of our Cookie Policy .
Some of your personal information is stored at a data centre managed by our third party hosting company .
The data centre managed by our third party hosting company is specifically designed to be physically secure and to admit authorised personnel only , who are contractually bound to keep all of our data confidential .
Access to our customer databases is only given on a 'need to know basis ' .
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to , and stored at , a destination outside the European Economic Area .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us , our affiliates or for one of our suppliers .
However , we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information .
By using the Website , you consent to these transfers .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy .
Any changes we may make to this privacy policy will be posted on this page and , where appropriate , notified to you by e-mail .
You agree that this privacy policy shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts in England and Wales .
This legal notice is specific to this website ( `` Website '' ) and overrides any other legal notices appearing elsewhere on Oxford University Press websites .
By using the Website , you are agreeing to the practices set out in this statement .
You may access certain parts of the Website without registering or providing OUP with your details .
As the information on the Website may be incomplete , out of date or inaccurate and may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors , Oxford University Press ( `` OUP '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) reserve the right to update the Website at our sole discretion .
Thus , such information may be changed or updated without notice .
We reserve the right to make changes to this legal notice .
Any changes we may make to this legal notice will be posted on this page and , where appropriate , we will also notify you by e-mail .
Certain provisions of this legal notice may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website .
Where you have registered on the Website and have been provided with a username and password , you agree not to make available your username and/or password to anyone .
If there has been a disclosure of your username and/or password , you agree to notify us promptly of such disclosure so that OUP can take appropriate security measures and to provide you with a new username and password .
Under the licence to access restricted content on the Website accepted by a subscriber ( which may be you as an individual or an institution to which you are affiliated ) you are permitted to :
search , view , retrieve , and display portions of restricted content ;
electronically save portions of restricted content ; and/or
print out single copies of portions of restricted content
In each case , subject to any specific restrictions which appear on particular pages of the Website .
Under the licence accepted by the subscriber , you may not :
remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear on the Website ;
systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of restricted content for any purpose ;
display or distribute any restricted content on any electronic network , including without limitation on the Internet and the World Wide Web ( other than the institution 's secure network , where the subscriber is an institution ) ;
permit anyone to access or use restricted content ( other than other users authorised by the institution , where the subscriber is an institution ) ; and/or
use any content on the Website whether restricted content or otherwise for any commercial use .
If you sign up to receive newsletters or subscribe to our web feed you may only use the material sent to you for non-commercial use .
You may not :
remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear in the material sent to you ;
systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of the material for any purpose ;
display or distribute any part of the material on any electronic network , including without limitation the Internet and the World Wide Web ;
permit anyone to access or use the material ; and/or
use all or any part of the material for any commercial use .
If you have purchased a subscription for the Website through ClickandBuy , your subscription contract will be with ClickandBuy and NOT with Oxford University Press , however , your use of the Website will still be subject to the privacy policy on the Website and this legal notice .
Your card will be automatically charged each month until you cancel your subscription .
We and/or our licensors are the owners of all intellectual property rights in the Website , and the Website and the materials on the Website are protected by intellectual property laws around the world including copyright and trade mark laws .
Subject to the terms of this legal notice and any other licence agreements between you and OUP , all such rights are reserved and no materials may otherwise be copied , modified , published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without our prior written permission .
OUP , Oxford and/or any other names of products or services provided by Oxford University Press and referred to on the Website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Oxford University Press .
Notwithstanding the foregoing and where applicable , copyright in each illustration that appears on the Website is owned by the rights holder ( s ) named in Picture Details ' window for that illustration .
All rights are reserved .
No illustration from the Website may be copied , modified , published or broadcast or otherwise distributed .
Oxford University Press makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on the Website for any purpose .
All such information is provided `` as is '' and with a specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability , fitness for purpose , title and/or non-infringement .
Oxford University Press makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this Website will be uninterrupted , error-free or that the Website or the server that hosts the Website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code .
You are solely responsible for your choice in selecting this Website product .
In no event shall Oxford University Press , its employees or agents be liable for any direct , indirect or consequential damages , loss of opportunity , loss of data , loss of goodwill , loss of anticipated savings or loss of profits resulting from the use of the Website even if OUP has been advised of such loss .
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph , OUP 's liability arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website and/or this legal notice whether in contract , tort , misrepresentation , under statute or otherwise will not exceed the price you paid for your subscription to access this Website .
Neither party 's liability for personal injury or death caused by negligence or for fraud is excluded or limited .
The exclusion and limitation set out in this legal notice only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any express provisions to the contrary in any written licence or subscription agreement which you have with Oxford University Press in respect of the use of any online service provided via the Website .
Links to other websites are provided by OUP in good faith and for information only .
OUP disclaims any responsibility for the materials contained in any website linked to the Website .
In addition , a link to a non-OUP website does not mean that OUP endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content , or the use , of such website or the products and/or services offered on such website .
It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses , worms , trojans and other items of a destructive nature .
While we endeavour to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day , we shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period .
Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure , maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control .
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Website any material :
that is threatening , defamatory , obscene , indecent , seditious , offensive , pornographic , abusive , liable to incite racial hatred , discriminatory , menacing , scandalous , inflammatory , blasphemous , in breach of confidence , in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience ;
for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals ;
which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence , give rise to civil liability , or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party , in any country in the world ; or
which is technically harmful ( including , without limitation , computer viruses , logic bombs , Trojan horses , worms , harmful components , corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data ) .
You may not misuse the Website ( including , without limitation , by hacking ) .
Global Nature of Websites
You recognise the global nature of the Website and thus , agree to comply with all applicable local laws in your jurisdiction when using the Website .
Information we publish on the Website may contain references or cross-references to our services and/or products offered that are not announced or available in your country .
Such references do not imply that we intend to announce such services and/or products in your country .
You agree that this legal notice shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts in England and Wales .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , nothing in this legal notice will preclude OUP from applying to any court to bring an action for the infringement of its intellectual property rights .
Note on proprietary status
Oxford Dictionaries Pro and Oxford Dictionaries Online include some words which have or are asserted to have proprietary status as trade marks or otherwise .
Their inclusion does not imply that they have acquired for legal purposes a non-proprietary or general significance nor any other judgement concerning their legal status .
In cases where the editorial staff have some evidence that a word has proprietary status this is indicated in the entry for that word but no judgement concerning the legal status of such words is made or implied thereby .
Thank you for visiting the Website .

( EFFECTIVE AS OF December 17 , 2013 )
As we use it in this policy , `` Pandora '' refers to Pandora Media , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
This policy applies to all Pandora-authorized operations of the Service in the United States , New Zealand , Australia , and their respective territories ( the `` Authorized Territories '' ) .
We may refer to Pandora as `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' .
We may refer to you as `` listener '' , `` you '' , or `` your '' .
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the information we collect , how we use and share that information , and the ways in which you can control how we use and share that information .
Information We Receive or Collect
Information We Receive or Collect From You Directly
Registration Data : When you register , we ask you to provide certain information , which includes your email address , birth year , gender , and zip code ( the `` Registration Data '' ) , as well as a password for your listener account .
Payment Information : If you choose to subscribe to fee-based portions of the Service , purchase a subscription to the Service as a gift , or purchase add-on products or services , you will also be asked to provide ( at a minimum ) your name and credit card information ( `` Payment Information '' ) .
Information You Choose to Provide to Pandora : You have the ability to provide a variety of information during your interactions with the us and the Pandora Service , such as emails you may send us , polls or surveys you choose to participate in , ads you respond to , and emails or newsletters that you sign up to receive .
Pandora receives data from you whenever you provide us with any of this type of information .
Listening Activity : When you use the Service , we keep track of your listening activity , which may include the number and title of songs you have listened to , the songs that you like ( thumb up ) or dislike ( thumb down ) , the stations you create or listen to , the number of songs you skip , and how long you listen to a station .
Community Posting : You have the ability to post comments and information in community networking features available on or accessible through the Service , such as your public profile , artist and album forums , our blog , and our social networking pages .
Unless you affirmatively delete the content you post , Pandora collects this content and stores it on our servers .
Technical Information : As is true of many websites and mobile and tablet applications , Pandora may collect certain non-personally identifiable technical information through the use of log files and servers .
Web and application servers create log files automatically as part of their setup and configuration .
Information in a log file may include IP address , browser type , Internet service provider , date/time stamps , MAC address , file requested , and other usage information and statistics .
Information We Receive or Collect From Devices You Use To Access The Service
Device Information : If you access and listen to the Service from a computer , automobile , mobile phone , tablet , automobile , or other consumer electronic device , we may collect information about those devices .
For example , our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser , including your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Service from a mobile phone , tablet , automobile , or other consumer electronic device , we may collect information such as device type , operating system version and type , unique identifiers ( such as Android ID , VIN , MAC address , and IDFA ) , and carrier or other transactional information for that device .
Location Information : Apart from your zip code , we currently do not ask you for , nor do we access or track , any real-time location-based information from your mobile phone , tablet , automobile , or other consumer electronics device .
If at some point we enable GPS or near-real location tracking technology , you will be asked to consent to allow such collection and use .
Information We Receive or Collect
We may receive or collect information about you from third parties and store it on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from you .
These third parties include :
Service partners and advertisers that make features or content available through the Service ;
Marketing companies and data providers that create professional marketing lists or sell other marketing data ;
Third party social media websites , applications or services that you have registered to use , when we allow those websites , applications , or services to interact through the Service to provide personalized services to you .
In some cases , those websites , applications , or services may automatically provide us with information about you to facilitate personalization unless you use the controls available on those websites , applications , or services to opt-out of such sharing ; and
People who store or post information about you on the community features of the Pandora Service , or by your enabling connectivity with another website , application , or service where friends or other listeners store such information .
For instance , your friends may store information about you in places such as their friend lists , address books , or photos on our Service or other websites , applications , or services such as social media applications with which the Pandora Service interacts .
Pandora is not responsible for , and will assume no liability , if a business partner or other entity whom you have authorized collects , uses or shares any information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws , rules , or regulations .
Our use of Cookies : Pandora uses a technology that is commonly known as `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a file our server writes to your hard drive that contains a small alphanumeric identifier .
We use the identifier in a cookie to help us manage and report on your interaction with the Service .
Through cookies , we are able to collect non-personally identifiable information that we use to improve the Service , keep count of return visits to our website or our advertisers ' or partners ' websites , collect and report on aggregate statistical information , authenticate your login credentials , or manage multiple instances of the Service in a single browser .
We may also collect other data such as the page or site that referred you to the Service , the date and time you visited the Service , and your current IP address .
The cookies we place on your hard drive are known as `` first party cookies . ''
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A session cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser 's `` help '' documentation .
If you do not accept first party cookies you may still use our Service , but your ability to use some areas of our website , and the ability to stay logged in will be limited .
Advertisers ' and other third parties ' use of cookies : Advertisers and third-party advertising partners that deliver ads to you on the Service may place or recognize a unique cookie on your hard drive .
These types of non-Pandora cookies are known as `` third party cookies . ''
Advertisers and third-party advertising partners may use third party cookies in order to collect non-personally identifiable information about you , which may include how many times you have seen their ads or whether you have interacted with an ad .
Most major web browsers provide users with the option to accept or reject third party cookies .
The use of third party cookies is not covered by this privacy policy .
We do not have access to or control over cookies placed by advertisers and other third parties .
Beacons and tracking pixels : Pandora , its third party advertising partners , and tracking-utility partners employ a technology known as `` beacons '' or `` tracking pixels '' ( each , a `` Beacon '' ) .
A Beacon is a small one-pixel-by-one-pixel clear image that is embedded in HTML content , and is about the size of a period at the end of a sentence .
When HTML content containing a Beacon is rendered , the Beacon transmits anonymous , non-personally identifiable information to a server , such as a numeric count , unique identifier , or IP address .
Pandora and its advertising partners use Beacons to help us better manage content on our Service .
For example , we may place a Beacon in HTML-based emails to let us know which emails recipients have opened , or on a webpage to count the number of unique visitors to that page .
The use of a Beacon allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and of our marketing campaigns .
How We Use The Information We Receive or Collect
In General : In general , Pandora may use your Registration Data and other non-personally identifiable information we receive or collect for the following purposes :
To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you .
To analyze Service usage and enhance the listener experience on our Service .
We use tracking information to determine how well each page and station performs overall , based on aggregate listener demographics and traffic patterns to those pages and stations .
This helps us continue to build a better service for you .
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as distributing electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , surveys , and public forums .
To send you information that you agreed to receive .
To alert you to the latest developments and features on our Service .
To invite you to participate in events or special promotions related to artists or products we think you may like or in which you may be interested .
To pay artists and copyright owners for tracks you hear , by reporting listening information to copyright licensing agencies .
These reports contain aggregated data only , and do not include any personally identifiable information .
Email : With regards to email , we do not sell or give your email address to other companies for their own marketing purposes without your permission .
However , we may use your email address or other Registration Data to provide you with technical support , send you notices about the Service or other promotional offers you have elected to receive , and to serve you with ads that are more relevant to your interests .
We may occasionally work with data partners and advertising platforms to help increase the relevancy of ads we provide to our listeners .
In doing so , we may provide such companies with information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information you have provided to us , such as your email address .
How We Share Information We Receive or Collect With Others
How Your Information Is Shared : Pandora may share information we receive or collect in a variety of ways , such as :
When you give Pandora permission through an affirmative election ( clicking `` yes '' in response to a message such as `` share my email with this advertiser '' ) .
When you participate in community and social networking features on the Pandora Service , such as forums , station sharing , listener opinions and reviews , or other forms of communication and interaction which you elect to make public or share on public profiles or in other public forums .
If we hire or partner with third parties to provide specialized services on our behalf , such as credit card processors , customer support , bulk email processors who send out emails on our behalf , or parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment .
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to Pandora .
They are not authorized to use your personal information for their own purposes .
Information about the artists , tracks , and stations you have created or listened to via the Service , or that are associated with your account , if you have elected to share publicly .
If your Pandora profile is marked as private , your stations may appear in a search , but your profile will not be linked to that station ; however , if someone already knows and enters your entire email address into our search system , they will be able to see a list of all the stations created under that email address .
If you elect to take advantage of certain features or services provided jointly by Pandora and third parties , we may share your registration information with those third parties for account authentication and management , and to enable the Service on their platforms .
For example , when you use service partners like our Pandora for Business partner , DMX , you grant us permission to pass your registration information to DMX in order to provide the Pandora Service .
As another example , when you share information through integrated social networking platforms , such as Facebook , you are agreeing to allow the Pandora service to communicate or `` talk '' with the other service in order to make the social features available for your use .
These service partners may have their own data collection , use , and sharing practices that may also be applicable to your personal information .
You should review their applicable privacy policies and methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services .
If you have given permission to a third party for us to share your data with them .
For example , if you participate as a panelist in a survey with an analytics company .
You may , as part of your agreement with that company , have authorized that company to receive data from us about you .
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information : We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties other than as described in this policy .
However , we may share your information , including personally identifiable information , in order to ( i ) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Pandora , or the legal rights of our business partners , employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety and security of Pandora users or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or risk management purposes ; or ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process .
Additionally , we may share your data , including any personally identifiable information , with our successor in interest in the event of a corporate reorganization , merger , or sale of all or substantially all of our assets .
Sharing of Device Data : Pandora may share information from devices you use to access the Service with its third party vendors or service providers , manufacturing or distribution partners , or its advertising partners .
We share this information for a variety of purposes including mobile listening capping , advertising frequency capping , tracking advertising conversion events , estimating the number of unique users , security and fraud detection , debugging problems with the Pandora Service , and for providing you with more relevant advertisements .
Sharing of Anonymized , Non-Personally Identifiable or Aggregated Data : Pandora may share non-personally identifiable information we receive or collect from you with third parties .
Such anonymous , non-personally identifiable or aggregated data may include general demographic or location information ( derived from zip code or IP address ) , information about the computer or device from which you access the Service , or information about the stations , tracks , and artists you listen to , thumb-up , thumb-down , or bookmark .
Additionally , we may de-identify personally identifiable information , such as listening data and share it in a de-identified or aggregated form with third parties , advertisers , and/or business partners in order to analyze Service usage , improve the Pandora Service and your listener experience , or for other similar purposes .
The use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this policy .
Information You Disclose in a Public Profile or in Public Forums : The Pandora Service offers publicly accessible and available profile pages , community forums ( such as artist , song , or advertiser pages ) , blogs , and pages on social media platforms .
You should be aware that any information you provide or post in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
If your profile is public , any information you place in your user profile , including biographical information , the people you are following , and the people whom you allow to follow you , may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
To find out more about how to make your profile private , please see the section below on Pandora Profile Visibility .
Advertising Settings and Do Not Track
Opting Out of Behavioral Advertising on the Web : In our effort to provide you with advertisements that may interest you , Pandora and its third party advertising partners use data we collect or receive in the ways we disclose in this policy to provide you with relevant ads .
To learn about how the online advertising industry uses information it collects to provide you with relevant ads , and to control whether you want to receive those relevant ads from third party advertisers , please review the information at the following links :
Your Advertising Choices on Pandora
Opting Out of Behavioral Advertising on Mobile and Tablet Devices : If you are using an iOS device and you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements that relate to your interests , you may opt-out by accessing the iAd Network Advertising Settings page in a browser on your iOS-based device .
If you are using an iOS 7 or later device , you also may limit the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements by performing the following steps : Open Settings and tap `` Privacy '' , Scroll to the bottom of Privacy and tap `` Advertising '' ; Flip `` Limit Ad Tracking '' to ON .
If you are using an Android-based device and you do not wish to receive tailored in-application advertisements , you can visit Google 's Ads Settings page from a browser on your Android-based device and make your choices there .
Pandora does not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to control receiving tailored in-application ads ; thus , you should contact the platform operator if the above options are no longer available .
To Modify Your Registration Data and Personal Information : We provide you with the ability to modify your Registration Data , which you may do so at any time through the Settings section of our Service .
We generally respond to email requests within 24 hours of receiving a request , but it may take up to 30 days depending on the volume of requests we receive .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Your Email Preferences : When you register for the Service , you may elect to receive promotional , marketing , or other similar emails tailored to your interests .
You have the option to change this election in the Settings section of our Service .
Additionally , you may also follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the promotional , marketing , or other similar emails you receive .
We will send you transaction confirmation emails and other strictly Service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you do not wish to receive them , you have the option to deactivate your account .
Pandora Profile Visibility : When you register for the Pandora Service , your profile and listening activity will be public .
When the visibility of your Pandora profile is set to public , the Service automatically publishes your listening activity to your profile .
For example , if you create a new station or thumb up a song , that activity will be posted in your Pandora profile for members of the public to view .
We provide you with the ability to change the visibility of your Pandora profile .
Please note , changes to the visibility of your Pandora profile do not have any impact on the advertising you may see if you use the ad-supported version of the Service .
Cached Profiles on Search Engines : Please note that although we may deactivate your account or make your profile private at your request , Internet search engines such as Google and Bing cache publicly available webpages for a period of time beyond the control of Pandora , and may make your deactivated or formerly public profile available to users of their services on their platforms until such time they refresh their webpage cache .
Please consult with the applicable search engine to determine how you may remove webpages from their webpage cache .
Security and Content From Other Websites
Protection of Data From Loss : We have implemented commercially reasonable physical and electronic security measures , in addition to personnel training programs to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information we collect or receive from you .
For example , when you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
However , despite our efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
Links to Other Web Sites : Our Service and certain advertisements on our Service include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Pandora .
If you submit personal information to any of those websites , the privacy statements of those websites govern their use of your information .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit .
Use of Framing Techniques : Some of our third party partners may utilize framing techniques to serve content to and from webpages accessible through our Service while preserving the look and feel of our website .
Please be aware that if a partner utilizes framing techniques that you are providing your personal information to these third party partners and not to Pandora .
Our Policies Concerning Children
The Pandora Service is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Children under the age of 13 should not use our Service at any time .
In the event we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from children under the age of 13 , we will take prompt and reasonable measures to erase such information from our servers .
It is a violation of our Terms of Use for children under the age of 13 to use the Pandora Service .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of personal information disclosed to those third parties .
Listeners in New Zealand , Australia , and their Respective Territories
New Zealand , Australia , and their respective territories may have laws or regulations that extend additional or different rights to listeners in those territories ( the `` Australasian Territories '' ) .
If you reside or are using the Pandora Service in the Australasian Territories , you are consenting to the collection and use of you data and information by Pandora Media , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Such data and information shall be used and shared with third parties as set forth in this policy .
Nothing in this privacy policy shall supersede any guarantees that can not be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law set out in Schedule 2 to the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 ( Cth ) .
Not all features of the Pandora Service may be available in the Australasian Territories .
In some cases , Pandora may collect information or data about users from third parties , including those known as off-line data brokers .
By your use of the Pandora Service , you are expressly consenting to the collection and use of your data and information as set forth in this policy .
If you do not agree to the use of your data and information in this way , please do not use the Pandora Service .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will continue to evaluate this policy against new technologies , business practices , and our listeners ' needs , and may make changes to the policy accordingly .
Please check this page periodically for updates .
If we make any material changes to this policy , we will post the updated terms of the policy here and notify you by email through a message sent to the email address you use to access the Pandora Service .
Pandora has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal .
TRUSTe online privacy certification

This Website is run by Patient.co.uk .
Patient.co.uk is a brand name of Egton Medical Information Systems Limited , a company registered in England with company number 2117205 with registered offices at Rawdon House , Green Lane , Yeadon , Leeds , LS19 7BY .
Patient.co.uk operates by the following principles :
We do our best to protect your personal details and other information about your account .
We are constantly reviewing our processes and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and use , accidental loss and/or destruction .
We will respect your privacy .
You should receive marketing emails only from Patient.co.uk .
It will be made clear to you where you have these choices , for example , tick boxes will let you decide whether you wish to receive marketing or newsletters .
We may , however , email you occasionally with information or queries about your registration , your subscription account , your Website activity or postings , for example , with reminders , confirmations , warnings or copyright requests .
Sometimes we use other organisations to process your personal information on our behalf .
Such processing shall comply with appropriate security measures .
We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that they meet our standards .
We may use service providers to help us run the Website or services available on the Website , some of whom may be based outside the EEA .
We explicitly ask when we need information that personally identifies you ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
For example , when you register with the Patient.co.uk discussion forums you are asked for an e-mail address , password and nickname .
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site .
This can include using a `` cookie '' which would be stored on your browser .
You can modify your browser to prevent this happening .
The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings .
For more information on cookies and to learn how to change your settings , read our cookie policy .
If at any time you believe that Patient.co.uk has not adhered to these principles , please notify us by e-mail to the webmaster , and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly .

We respect your privacy and the information you provide will NOT be sold , shared , or disseminated in any way .
Paula 's Choice has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our web site .
We do not sell or trade lists with anyone .
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and your account settings .
Cookies are also used to track your Site usage so we can enhance your shopping experience by showing you appropriate product recommendations and promotions .
Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name and email address ) .
The customer 's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information and purchase products .
We collect visitor 's contact information ( like their email address ) and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) .
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the Choice/Opt-Out section below .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information ( like their email address ) and demographic information ( like their ZIP code , age , or income level ) .
We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company .
The customer 's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the Choice/Opt-Out section below .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
We use this data to tailor our visitor 's experience at our site , showing them content that we think they might be interested in , and displaying the content according to their preferences .
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information ( like their email address ) and demographic information ( like their ZIP code , age , or income level ) .
We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
In addition to using a secure server system that encrypts your order information , orders with payment information are not transmitted to us .
Instead , a designated individual in the company accesses the orders using a password-protected back office system .
Orders are retrieved once via this system and then deleted from the secure server .
Each order is then processed manually using the same process we use for fax and telephone orders .
At no time is your payment information or any personal data transmitted to a third party for verification or processing .
Once the order is retrieved , all portions of the order fulfillment process are handled internally .
This site gives users the following options for removing themselves from our mailing lists so they do not receive any email or regular mail communications from us .
Online mailing list only :
You can click the `` Unsubscribe '' link in any email you receive .
Online and/or postal mailing list ( s ) :
We will remove you from our mailing and/or email list .
Call our customer service department at ( 800 ) 831-4088 and asked to be removed from our mailing and/or email list .
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided .
You can make most changes to your account information using the My Account link on the site and entering your email address and password .
If you are unable to make a change , follow steps 2 & 3 below .
Call the following telephone number : ( 800 ) 831-4088 .
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this website , you can contact us here .

This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing and protection of your personal information .
It applies to the PayPal.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools regardless of how you access or use them .
More detailed information about our privacy practices and our contact information for any questions is available at the eBay Privacy Center .
You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for , access , or use our products , services , content , features , technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites , applications , and services ( collectively `` PayPal Services '' ) .
We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website .
The revised version will be effective at the time we post it .
In addition , if the revised version includes a substantial change , we will provide you with 30 days ' prior notice by posting notice of the change on the `` Policy Updates '' page of our website .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
The PayPal website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program .
If this policy or our customer support team can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
Jump to section :
How we collect information about you
How we use cookies
How we protect and store personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
How we share personal information with other PayPal users
How we share personal information with other parties
How you can restrict PayPal from sharing your personal information
How you can access or change your personal information
How you can contact us about privacy questions
In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy , eBay Inc. has established a set of Corporate Rules ( also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules ) , approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides .
Depending upon where you live , the Binding Corporate Rules may provide additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or government .
For more information about our Binding Corporate Rules , including information on how to contact us with any questions , visit our eBay Privacy Center .
How we collect information about you
When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services , we collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile phone or other access device .
The information sent to us includes data on the pages you access , your computer IP address , device identifiers , the type of operating system you 're using , your location , mobile network information , standard web log data and other information .
Web log data includes the browser type you 're using and traffic to and from our site .
When you visit the PayPal.com website or use PayPal Services , we also collect information about your transactions and your activities .
In addition , if you open a PayPal account or use PayPal Services , we may collect the following types of information :
Contact information , such as your name , address , phone , email and other similar information .
Financial information , such as the full bank account numbers and/or credit card numbers that you link to your PayPal account or give us when you use PayPal Services .
Detailed personal information such as your date of birth or social security number .
We may also obtain information about you from third parties such as credit bureaus and identity verification services .
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites ( e.g. , Facebook and Twitter ) .
The information we may receive varies by site and is controlled by that site .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your PayPal account and authorizing PayPal to have access to this information , you agree that PayPal may collect , store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
In order to help protect you from fraud and misuse of your personal information , we may collect information about your use and interaction with our website or PayPal Services .
For example , we may evaluate your computer , mobile phone or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity .
We may also collect additional information from or about you in other ways , such as through contact with our customer support team , results when you respond to a survey and from interactions with members of the eBay Inc. corporate family or other companies .
How we use Cookies
When you access our website or use PayPal Services , we ( including companies we work with ) may place small data files on your computer or other device .
These data files may be cookies , pixel tags , `` Flash cookies '' or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications ( `` Cookies '' ) .
We use these technologies to : recognize you as a customer ; customize PayPal Services , content , and advertising ; measure promotional effectiveness ; help ensure that your account security is not compromised ; mitigate risk and prevent fraud ; and to promote trust and safety across our sites and PayPal Services .
We use both session and persistent Cookies .
Session Cookies expire and no longer have any effect when you log out of your account or close your browser .
Persistent Cookies remain on your device until you erase them or they expire .
We encode our Cookies so that we can interpret the information stored in them .
You are free to decline our Cookies if your browser or browser add-on permits , but doing so may interfere with your use of our website and PayPal Services .
Refer to the help section of your browser , browser extensions , or installed applications for instructions on blocking , deleting , or disabling Cookies .
You may encounter PayPal Cookies on websites that we do not control .
For example , if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party , there may be a Cookie placed by the web page or application .
Likewise , these third parties may place their own Cookies that are not subject to our control and the PayPal Privacy Policy does not cover their use .
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy , we use the term `` personal information '' to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user .
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located .
We protect your information using physical , technical , and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration .
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls .
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
We may use your personal information to :
provide PayPal Services and customer support ;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ;
customize , measure , and improve PayPal Services and the content , layout , and operation of our websites and applications ;
deliver targeted marketing , service update notices , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences ;
contact you at any telephone number , by placing a voice call or through text ( SMS ) or email messaging , as authorized by our User Agreement .
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent .
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize PayPal Services , content , and advertising .
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs , simply indicate your preference by logging into your account and going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences , or by following the directions that may be provided within the communication or advertisement .
We respect your communication preferences .
If you no longer wish to receive notifications via our application , you can adjust your preferences by visiting the settings page of the application .
We may call or text message ( SMS ) you at a mobile phone number that you have provided to us .
You can indicate your contact preferences by logging into your account and adjusting your preferences in your Account Information Settings or by following the directions provided within the communication .
How we share personal information with other PayPal users
To process your payments , we may share some of your personal information with the person or company that you are paying or that is paying you .
Your contact information , date of sign-up , the number of payments you have received from verified PayPal users , and whether you have verified control of a bank account are provided to other PayPal users with whom who you transact through PayPal .
In addition , this and other information may also be shared with third parties when you use these third parties to access PayPal Services .
Unless you have agreed to it , these third parties are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than to enable PayPal Services .
If someone is sending you money and enters your email address , we will provide them your registered name so they can verify they are sending the money to the correct account .
If you are buying goods or services and pay through PayPal , we may also provide the seller with your shipping and billing address to help complete your transaction .
The seller is not allowed to use this information to market their services to you unless you have agreed to it .
If an attempt to pay your seller fails , or is later invalidated , we may also provide your seller with details of the unsuccessful payment .
To facilitate dispute resolution , we may provide a buyer with the seller 's address so that goods can be returned to the seller .
We work with third parties , including merchants , to enable them to accept or send payments from or to you using PayPal .
In doing so , a third party may share information about you with us , such as your email address or mobile phone number , to inform you that a payment has been sent to you or when you attempt to pay a merchant or third party .
We use this information to confirm that you are a PayPal customer and that PayPal as a form of payment can be enabled , or to send you notification of payment status .
Also , if you request that we validate your status as a PayPal customer with a third party , we will do so .
Please note that merchants , sellers , and users you buy from or contract with have their own privacy policies , and although PayPal 's user agreement does not allow the other transacting party to use this information for anything other than providing PayPal Services , PayPal is not responsible for their actions , including their information protection practices .
Regardless , we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you using PayPal , or with the third parties that offer or use PayPal Services , except with your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with credit card rules , a subpoena , or other legal process .
How we share personal information with other parties
We may share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family -- like eBay , StubHub or Bill Me Later , Inc. -- to provide joint content , products and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations such as fraud prevention , bill collection , marketing and technology services .
Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit .
Financial institutions that we partner with to jointly create and offer a product such as the PayPal Extras credit card where we share information with GE Capital to determine whether you should receive pre-approved offers for the PayPal Extras credit card .
These financial institutions may only use this information to market PayPal-related products , unless you have given consent for other uses .
Credit bureaus and collection agencies to report account information , as permitted by law .
Banking partners as required by credit card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants ( in the event that you meet their criteria which includes having PayPal close your PayPal Account due to your breach of the PayPal User Agreement ) .
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by .
( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice . )
Law enforcement , government officials , or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other legal process or requirement applicable to PayPal or one of its affiliates ; when we need to do so to comply with law or credit card rules ; or when we believe , in our sole discretion , that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss , to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our User Agreement .
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so .
PayPal will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy .
If you open a PayPal account directly on a third party website or via a third party application , any information that you enter on that website or application ( and not directly on a PayPal website ) will be shared with the owner of the third party website or application .
These sites are governed by their own privacy policies and you are encouraged to review their privacy policies before providing them with personal information .
PayPal is not responsible for the content or information practices of such third parties .
PayPal Access is a tool we 've developed to improve your Internet experience .
PayPal Access allows you to streamline and simplify the account creation and login process when using third-party websites , and it allows these websites to enhance your experience on their sites .
Instead of creating multiple usernames and passwords for each website you visit , PayPal Access allows you to sign in to a participating website using your existing PayPal login information .
When you use PayPal Access , you agree that PayPal can share the information listed on the PayPal Access consent screen or in your PayPal Access account settings with the participating website .
Information you allow PayPal to share with these third-party websites is subject to each third-party 's terms of service and privacy agreement , so you are encouraged to review their policies .
How you can restrict PayPal from sharing your personal information
PayPal maintains your preferences for use and sharing of information , including how we contact you .
Some federal and state laws allow you to restrict the sharing of your personal information in certain instances .
PayPal does not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes unless you have given your explicit consent .
PayPal 's related family of companies , which are owned by eBay Inc. , will only use your personal information for marketing purposes if you have requested services from those companies .
If you do not want PayPal to share your personal information with eBay companies for the purpose of marketing their products within our corporate family , simply indicate your preference by logging into your account , going to the Notification section under the Settings tab and updating your preferences .
How you can access or change your personal information
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and reviewing your account settings and profile .
You can also close your account through the PayPal website .
If you close your PayPal account , we will mark your account in our database as `` Closed , '' but may retain personal information from your account to collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , prevent fraud , enforce our User Agreement , or take other actions as required or permitted by law .
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should contact us by using this form or writing to us at PayPal , Attn : Privacy Department , P.O .
Box 45950 , Omaha , NE 68145-0950 .
PayPal maintains offices at 2211 N .
First Street , San Jose , CA .
PayPal has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
Please note that TRUSTe is a privacy solutions provider , and will not be able to assist with other types of issues with your account , such as balances or order fulfillment .

PBS is committed to protecting the private information of our web site visitors .
From the pbs.org homepage to more than 150,000 pages of content produced by our affiliates , the `` pbs.org '' domain remains a safe haven .
The PBS.org web site adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of personally identifiable information and preserving the integrity of this online medium .
Here we explain the type of information collected from PBS.org , how that information may be used , how you can access or modify that information , and how that information is protected .
WHICH SITES ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to PBS.org ( Site ) .
Please note that our Site may contain links to sponsor organizations and PBS Member Stations .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those web sites .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any organization before submitting your personal information to them .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER
PBS collects two types of information from visitors to the Site : ( A ) Personally Identifiable Information , and ( B ) Non-personally Identifiable Information ( information such as IP Addresses and cookies , which allow for a better use of the Site ) .
Uses of this information are discussed in Section III .
A . Personally Identifiable Information
PBS will not collect personally identifiable information from you , other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis upon request .
Personally identifiable information includes , but is not limited to , name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , and credit card information .
Registration for our website :
Our Site may at times require a free registration , which enables full access to the information and resources offered on our Site .
A unique email address must be supplied to register .
Paid Products and Services :
While the majority of our Site is free , we may charge fees for select products and services .
To enable the purchase of these and other products , we collect your telephone number , e-mail address , billing address and credit card information .
Support of Member Stations and other public broadcasting entities :
On certain pages within the Site , PBS may offer visitors the opportunity to make a donation in support of public broadcasting entities , programs and series , or to order products , subscriptions or other services offered by PBS Member Stations .
If a visitor chooses to make a donation or order such other products or services , PBS will collect and store your telephone number , e-mail address , billing address and credit card information .
Forums , Feedback and Content Submissions :
On some pages of the Site , you can submit content to be published , make community postings , comments , suggestions , and vote .
We may collect name , address , and e-mail addresses in connection with these activities .
Your submission of others ' Personally Identifiable Information :
On some pages of the Site , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you may submit a person 's name and email address to send an article .
Additionally , you may purchase a gift online and submit the person 's name , address and telephone number for delivery .
This information will only be used for the stated purpose .
Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers :
On occasion , we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional ( i.e. , you opt-in to participate in these offers ) sweepstakes , contests or special offers .
Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection .
Listservs and E-mail Newsletters :
On occasion , we may collect personal information from users in connection with optional ( i.e . you opt-in to subscribe to these services ) listservs and e-mail newsletters .
Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection .
B. Non-personally Identifiable Information
In addition to information that you provide to us , we may also collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when using the Site .
This information helps us improve the experience you and other visitors have with the Site .
For example , we may collect your IP address , browser information and reference site domain , as well as related information such as the date on which you visit the Site .
This information does not identify you personally and is only used in the aggregate .
As is common practice among web sites , we use cookies and similar technologies .
Cookies are text files which store your preferences .
No personal information is ever stored in a PBS cookie , even if you have entered your name or email address on other parts of the Site .
You can generally prevent cookies from being used by changing the settings in your web browser , but please be aware that by doing so you may be unable to fully utilize the Site .
HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION GATHERED ON THE SITE
Except as expressly set forth in our policies , we will not willfully disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party without first receiving your permission .
We will never sell , rent , or swap your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third parties for their own purposes .
In terms of our own use of information , we may use your personally identifiable information for the activities described in the previous sections , and for internal purposes and marketing , promotional and fundraising purposes in support of public broadcasting .
We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked to provide personal information .
If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes , you can simply opt out .
Under certain circumstances , opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed , as in contests .
In certain cases , we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf .
These service providers may maintain customer databases which may hold Site users ' e-mail addresses , including :
viewers , listeners and members ;
Site visitors who have provided them to PBS by registering at our Site or signing up for a newsletter or listserv ;
audience members who e-mail questions about membership or programs ;
donors who submit online contributions ; or
online buyers who make a purchase .
We ( which includes our service providers ) will use these addresses to respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information , to provide services and to operate the Site , including to respond to inquiries , to process credit card payments and billing , shipping , e-mail distribution , list processing and analysis , promotions management , to send information about PBS programs , Site , services , membership or to correspond about a purchase or product offers .
For example , shoppbs.org uses a third party fulfillment agent to manage orders , credit card processing , order fulfillment and shipping , and related tasks .
Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf .
They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them , for example processing your order or sending you a series newsletter .
They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose .
Similarly , personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation intended for a program , series or Member Station , or for purposes of ordering products , subscriptions or other services offered by the PBS Member Stations , will be shared by PBS or by such PBS Member Stations with third parties who perform services to process the donation or the applicable order .
Also , in transmitting your donation or order to the local Member Station PBS may share your personally identifiable information with the Member Station for order or donation processing .
At times , we make customer mailing lists available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the Site .
If you prefer that we not share your information in this way , please contact us .
We , or our service providers , may release personal identification information if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process requires it , we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency , or such release is necessary to protect anyone 's rights , property or safety .
On certain pages , we offer visitors the opportunity to provide comments or other user-generated content on blogs and articles .
Any information that you disclose when posting a message to these areas , along with the screen name or ID used , becomes public .
In addition , the information that you disclose in these areas may be used by us for promotional and marketing purposes .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose in these public areas .
We reserve the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status .
This includes order confirmations , renewal/expiration notices , notices of credit card problems , other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to our Site .
If you have registered for online discussions or other services , you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities .
We offer several e-mail newsletters and listservs .
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , you may opt out by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter .
We use non-personally identifiable information , such as IP addresses or demographic information ( zip codes for example ) to tailor our Site to the interests/locations of our users and to measure traffic within our Site .
PBS uses the content from the cookies to deliver relevant local resources , remember browser preferences , and improve our visitors ' experiences on the Site .
PBS does not sell information collected by cookies nor use the information for commerce-related purposes .
In addition , PBS will not filter content based on your preferences without permission .
PBS uses cookies at the following times :
A cookie may automatically localize pbs.org to the PBS station nearest you .
You can choose to have your computer remember a different station or no station at all at any time .
If you watch a video clip or listen to an audio clip on pbs.org , a cookie may remember which media player and type of clip you prefer to use on your computer .
You can change your video and audio preferences at any time , or choose a player each time you view of listen to a clip .
A cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit .
The cookie does not remember any information about you or your computer ; it just helps us at PBS monitor Site usage and traffic ; for example , it allows us to measure the number of repeat visitors to pbs.org in a given month .
This data is only used in the aggregate .
Additionally , cookies may be used on pay sites to ( 1 ) identify the terms of any special offers you may have obtained , such as price discount or free trial period AND/OR ( 2 ) automatically sign you in so that you do not have to enter a username and password each time you visit .
HOW CAN I ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION
Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our Site may be accessible for a limited period of time from the point of collection , such as where a user provides an e-mail address in order to receive an e-mail newsletter or a reminder about an upcoming program or event .
In other cases , personally identifiable information may be maintained , edited and deleted at the user 's discretion at any time after the information has been submitted to PBS .
For example , if you created a password-protected account within our Site , you may be able to access that account to review the information you provided and make corrections and updates as necessary .
However this feature is not available throughout our Site where the user is not asked to create an account .
Therefore , if at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail from a service that you subscribed to without creating a personal account , simply get out by following the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail .
You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information .
For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for said service .
Arlington , VA 22202
Email us by completing our feedback form
HOW IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED
PBS is committed to ensuring the security of the data provided to us by Site users .
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online .
DO YOU HAVE ADDITIONAL CHILDREN 'S GUIDELINES
PBS.org is a general audience Site and does not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information about children under the age of 13 .
Any of our sites that are directed to children under the age of 13 ( e.g. , PBSKids site ) comply with COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ) standards , which are in addition to PBS.org policies .
For complete guidelines on children 's information collection , please visit the PBS KIDS PRIVACY POLICY .
ACCEPTANCE OF PBS.ORG PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By using this Site , you signify your agreement to the terms and condition of this pbs.org Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions , please do not use the Site .
We reserve the right , in our sole discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for any changes .
Your continued use of pbs.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall signify your acceptance of those changes .
If you have any questions or concerns , please contact us .
Please also make sure to read pbs.org 's TERMS OF USE to understand the additional terms and conditions which apply to your use of our Site .
The Privacy Policy posted on this Site was updated on or about May 11 , 2009 .

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE POLICY OF THIS WEBSITE IN ITS COLLECTION , PROTECTION , USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION GATHERED ON THIS SITE .
IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE , PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT WITH YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN AND ASK THEM QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT YOU DO N'T UNDERSTAND .
This website , Pearsoned.com ( the Site ) , is owned and operated by Pearson Education , Inc..
( Pearson ) .
Pearson recognizes the importance of explaining our privacy policies to users of our Site and protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable Information we obtain through the site .
Please note that this Privacy Statement may be revised by Pearson from time to time , particularly to address changes in our business , the law or technology .
If that happens , we will post the revised policy here .
Revisions are effective upon posting and your continued use of this Site after the posting will be subject to the changed terms of the revisions .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Links from this site can take you to the sites of several divisions of Pearson SCHOOL , HIGHER ED , PROFESSIONAL , GLOBAL as well as to third party websites or resources .
The information practices of third party websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement or any other policies or terms of this Site .
The sites of each of our divisions may also have a different privacy policy and terms of use .
Be sure that you know the terms of use and privacy policy of any linked website before using it .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND USE
We consider the following to be examples of Personally Identifiable Information but there may be others : your first and last name , email address , home address , phone number , date of birth , credit card information , and certain other information , such as a Social Security Number , if it is linked with your Personally Identifiable Information .
We strongly recommend that you not use your Social Security Number or any other important ID as a user ID or password for this Site or others .
Pearson Education does not collect Personally Identifiable Information about a user , unless it is voluntarily provided to our Company and so that we can serve the user 's needs and our legitimate business purposes as stated here .
For example , when the user sends us a message or makes an online purchase , we need to retain certain Personally Identifiable Information on this Site in order to respond .
A user 's Personally Identifiable Information may also be used by our company to help us improve this Site , and for our company 's marketing and promotional purposes .
The information will be treated confidentially within our company , as we protect other confidential information .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
Users should be reminded that any Personally Identifiable Information that is voluntarily posted by a user to a public area of a Pearson Education Web site ( for example , a posting to a bulletin board or chat room ) might be collected and used by others .
We can not prevent such uses .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Except as specifically stated in this statement , our policy is not to share the Personally Identifiable Information collected through this Site with third parties , but we may share this Personally Identifiable Information with affiliates of Pearson , and other companies and organizations who perform work for us under contract or sell products or services that complement our products and services .
We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information ( a ) in response to a subpoena , court order or legal process , to the extent permitted and required by law ; ( b ) to protect user security or the security of other persons , consistent with applicable laws ; ( c ) in connection with a sale , joint venture or other transfer to some or all of Pearson or the assets of Pearson ; or ( d ) in order to enforce the Site 's Terms of Use .
We exercise commercially reasonable care otherwise not to share , disclose or sell the Personally Identifiable Information of users to third-parties , except with the prior approval of the user .
Pearson may use a third party service to collect anonymous visitor information like IP addresses , browser types ( such as Internet Explorer or Netscape ) , referring pages , pages visited and time spent on a particular site .
Pearson collects this information ( 1 ) for statistical analysis of web page traffic patterns ; ( 2 ) to administer our Site and servers ; ( 3 ) to allow for auditing of our services by some third parties who have that right ; and ( 4 ) for internal purposes to make marketing decisions .
For course management sites that provide materials and services to instructors and students for purposes of specific courses or testing , the site may display the names , email addresses , grades and log-in names in instructor grade books and make them available to school administrators .
Instructors can use student email addresses for communication with students regarding the course and administrators may store personal data generated by the course site tools for the purpose of maintaining educational records or other legitimate educational purposes .
SPECIAL NOTICE TO PARENTS , TEACHERS AND CHILDREN
PARENTS AND TEACHERS : We encourage parents , guardians and teachers to spend time with their Children ( Children 12 and under ) when their Children engage in the on-line activities on this Site .
We will never request Personally Identifiable Information from a Child in any of our public postings areas .
We do not require a Child to disclose more Personally Identifiable Information , than is reasonably necessary to participate in the on-line activity .
.No Personally Identifiable Information of children should be submitted to or posted on this Site by Children without the consent of their parent or guardian .
We encourage parents to help us protect their Children 's privacy by instructing them never to provide Personally Identifiable Information on this Site or any other website without parental permission .
CHILDREN : Please do not give your full name , email address , home address , telephone number or any other Personally Identifiable Information that would enable someone to contact you either on-line or off-line , without first asking your parent or guardian and teacher for permission .
We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from Children on this Site either directly or passively except when a Child may voluntarily submit such information through a Contact Us link on the Site or a public posting area on the Site , if such feature is available .
If a Child e-mails us via a Contact Us link on any child-directed area of this Site and we can identify the sender as a Child , any Personally Identifiable Information submitted will only be used to respond on a one-time basis to such Child .
In addition , if we have actual knowledge that a Child is sending or posting Personally Identifiable Information on any area of this Site , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such Personally Identifiable Information before it is made public .
Please note that any online store that may be accessed from the Site is intended for parents , teachers and other adult purchasers over the age of 18 and requires the submission of Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill and service any transactions .
We may disclose a Child 's Personally Identifiable Information if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) our rights or property , other users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
We may also disclose a Child 's Personally Identifiable Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it .
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION FROM COOKIES
Our Site uses cookies to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the Site , Cookies are textual identifiers that our systems transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our Site to recognize your browser , and to optimize and sometimes custimize your use of our Site .
If you want to disable cookies , you can .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers and add-on programs will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
It is your choice , but cookies allow you to take full advantage of this Site 's features , and we recommend that you leave them turned on .
We do not use cookies to get users ' Personally Identifiable Information before a user registers with our Site and affirmatively opts-in .
Once a user opts-in and and provides personal information for purposes of receiving more information from us , we do collect and use that information obtained through the cookie technology for purposes of marketing to you , in accordance with this policy .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other marketing communications from us , you can opt out of further marketing to the addresses you have provided .
In connection with cookies we may use web beacons to track response rates to certain email communications that a user has opted to receive from us .
If a user has registered with our Site , we may collect certain personal information in connection with the web beacon including the referring email address .
This information is not shared with third parties .
Pearson reserves the right to monitor your use of the site to determine if you are complying with our terms and the right , in its sole discretion , to terminate your access to the Site .
OBTAINING ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT PRIVACY
If you have any concerns or questions about privacy on this Site , please Contact Us .
( Revised -June , 2007 )
Pearson Education , Inc. , One Lake Street , Upper Saddle River , New Jersey 07458 .

Our Privacy Policy in a Nutshell
Your privacy is important to you , and therefore it 's important to PEGym.com ( We ) .
At PE Gym.com our policy follows a few basic principles :
We do n't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it .
( We ca n't stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason . )
We do n't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law , develop our products , or protect our rights .
We do n't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services .
At PEGym.com , we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what 's visible to the public , seen by search engines , kept private , and permanently deleted .
Like most website operators , PEGym.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available , such as the browser type , language preference , referring site , and the date and time of each visitor request .
PEGym.com 's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how PEGym.com 's visitors use its website .
PEGym.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
However , PEGym.com does not disclose such information and does not use such information to identify its visitors , unless to ban a user who breaks our Terms of Service .
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to PEGym.com 's websites choose to interact with PEGym.com in ways that require PEGym.com to gather personally-identifying information .
The amount and type of information that PEGym.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction .
For example , we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username and email address .
In each case , PEGym.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor 's interaction with PEGym.com .
PEGym.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below .
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information , with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities .
PEGym.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites .
For instance , PEGym.com may monitor the most popular visited pages on the site or use spam screened by the forums to help identify spam .
Protection of Personally-Identifying Information
PEGym.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone .
Other than to its employees and contractors , PEGym.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law .
If you are a registered user of PEGym.com and have supplied your email address , PEGym.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features , solicit your feedback , or just keep you up to date with what 's going on with PEGym.com and our services .
We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information , so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum .
PEGym.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access , use , alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information .
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor 's computer , and that the visitor 's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
Like most websites , PEGym.com uses cookies to help PEGym.com identify and track visitors , their usage of PEGym.com website , and their website access preferences .
PEGym.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using PEGym.com 's websites , with the drawback that certain features of PEGym.com 's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies .
Ads appearing on PEGym.com may be delivered to users by advertising partners , who may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer .
This information allows ad networks to , among other things , deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by PEGym.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Although most changes are likely to be minor , PEGym.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time , and in PEGym.com 's sole discretion .
PEGym.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change .

Effective Date : December 15 , 2013
This privacy policy applies to PeopleSmart.com , owned and operated by Inflection LLC .
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information .
Click here to learn more about how we protect your privacy and how to manage your information in our databases .
Inflection LLC has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how PeopleSmart.com ( `` Website '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) treats personal information that we collect and receive , including information related to your past use of the Website and/or our products or services .
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , credit or debit card number , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage .
Other than the reference to our people search database Opt-Out Policy at the end of this Privacy Policy , this policy does not apply to any information in our people search databases .
Information Collection and Use
In order to facilitate searches and manage our business we collect personal information about you .
We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily register with us , when you use the Website and/or our products or services and your browser interacts with us , when you visit the Website pages or the pages of certain of our partners , and when you enter third party personal information to conduct certain searches .
We may combine information that we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies , such as data providers and billing companies .
The personal information we collect about you through theses various sources may include , but is not limited to : your name , email address , IP address , address , and search log .
Once you register with us and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
By submitting your email address on our checkout page you agree that you 're opting into our no-cost newsletter and email alerts service .
You understand that you will receive messages that are commercial in nature .
An opt-out `` unsubscribe '' link will be provided for your convenience in each message .
We collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , such as billing partners , including information about your use of search products and information we offer .
We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , our cookie information , search activity , and the pages you request .
We use the information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , publish search data , and provide reporting for internal and external clients .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with us .
These companies may use your personal information to help communicate with you about offers from us and our marketing partners .
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us .
Examples of these are third party payment processors who expedite payments on our Website and marketing partners , such as our identity theft protection partner .
We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law .
We transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , we will notify you by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our Website before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
We may display targeted advertisements based on personal information .
Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area .
We do not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted advertisement .
However , by interacting with or viewing an advertisement you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may set and access our cookies on your computer .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site and log in to your account .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
We use persistent cookies to track usage of our site to improve your experience , and to remember your preferences .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's help directory .
Learn more about cookies here .
If you reject cookies , you may still use our site , but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited .
The use of cookies by our partners , affiliates , and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Our partners , affiliates , and service providers use session ID and persistent cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site , monitor site usage and performance , and provide targeted ads .
Our third party partners employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , images , and scripts that help them better manage content on our site .
We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers ' or Users ' personally identifiable information .
We use local storage objects ( LSOs ) to store content information and preferences .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use LSOs to collect and store information .
Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here .
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Inflection LLC .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit .
User Access and Choice
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
To exclude yourself from commercial emails and alerts sent by us , simply click the `` Unsubscribe '' link provided in any commercial email message .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and customer receipts without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
We make opting-out of our database fast , easy , and free .
We believe that consumers should have the right to opt-out of any database that stores their personal information .
While other companies might make the opt-out process unnecessarily difficult , we keep it simple .
Just visit the Opt-Out Request page and submit the requested information .
Please allow 1 to 7 business days for processing your request .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We limit access to personal information about you to employees and contractors who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
How You Can Contact Us about Privacy Questions
Box 391146 , Omaha , NE 68139 .
PeopleSmart.com maintains offices at 555 Twin Dolphin Drive # 200 , Redwood City , CA 94065 .
To Unsubscribe from Email Communications
Please note that you may still receive account and billing notices from us , if applicable .

Date of Last Revision : July 17 , 2008
Thank you for visiting our website ( the `` Website '' ) .
Perfect World Entertainment , Inc .
( `` Perfect World '' ) operates this Website and maintains this Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) that summarizes when and how your personal information is collected , used , safeguarded and disclosed in connection with your use of the Website .
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time .
We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated .
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used .
What is personal information
As used herein , the term `` personal information '' means information that specifically identifies an individual ( such as a name , address , telephone number , mobile number , e-mail address , or other account number ) , and information about that individual 's location or activities , such as information about his or her use of the Website , when directly linked to personally identifiable information .
Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth , gender , geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you .
Personal information does not include `` aggregate '' information , which is data we collect about the use of the Website or about a group or category of products , services or users , from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed .
Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users ' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Website .
This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information .
What personal information do we collect
Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site .
For example , we may collect your name , address , email address , user name and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account , apply for a job , or contact us by e-mail or other means for any reason .
When you make a purchase , we may also collect your credit card or other payment or billing information .
Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with creating a profile or group , leaving comments , posting content , sending an email or message to another user or participating in any interactive chat rooms , forums or features on the site .
In addition , from time to time we may collect demographic , contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys , sweepstakes , contests , games , promotional offers , and other activities on the Site .
You can access certain portion of our Website without providing us with any personal information .
However , you will not be able to utilize certain features that require registration or receive materials unless certain information is provided .
From time to time we may change the information requested upon registration or with respect to certain features or services , so this may not be a complete list .
When you use the Site , some information is also automatically collected , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , your operating system , the browser type , the address of a referring web site , and your activity on the Site .
We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above .
Otherwise , it is used in the aggregate only .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may automatically collect certain information through the use of `` cookies '' or clear gifs .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user 's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history .
If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information , we would treat this information as personal information .
Clear gifs ( also know as web bugs or web beacons ) are small , invisible graphic images that may be used on the Site or in emails relating to the Site to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Site .
If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies , please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions .
However , if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie , some portions of the Site and the Service may not function properly .
For example , you may not be able to sign in and may not be able to access certain Site features or services .
We may also use third parties to serve ads on our Website .
These third parties may place cookies , clear gifs or other devices on your computer to collect information , and information provided by these devices may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Website and the other sites tracked by these third parties .
This policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , cookies in third party ads or for compliance with such third parties ' privacy policies or data collection practices .
Do we use personal information
In general , we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions , to provide you with information or services you request , to inform you about other information , events , promotions , products or services we think will be of interest to you , to facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Site , to better understand the needs of our visitors , and for the purpose for which the information was provided .
For example , we may use the information we collect :
to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Website ;
to provide the services , products or information you request and to process any transactions in connection therewith ;
to provide technical support and ensure the continued smooth operation of our service ;
for recruitment purposes , and if you are offered a job or become employed by us , for other employment-related purposes ;
to respond to your emails , submissions , comments , requests or complaints ;
to analyze user characteristics and usage patterns in order to better understand how our products and service are used and market them more effectively ;
to send you newsletters , surveys , contest and sweepstake announcements and to notify contest and sweepstakes winners ;
to request feedback and to enable us to develop , customize and improve the Site and our publications , products and services ;
to contact you about our or a third party 's services , products , activities promotions , special events or offers and for other marketing , informational , product development and promotional purposes ; and
to prevent or investigate actual or suspected fraud , hacking , infringement , or other misconduct involving our products and services , or this Website .
Do we share personal information
Unless otherwise described elsewhere in this Policy , we generally do not disclose , sell or trade any personal information about our visitors and users to any third parties .
We may share personal information with vendors , consultants and other service providers ( Service Providers ) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or the Services and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us .
In some cases , the Service Provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf .
We inform Service Providers that they are not permitted to use personal information they obtain from us other than to provide the services for us .
However , we are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these Service Providers and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing any personal information directly to such Service Providers .
We may also share personal information with third parties when you give us your consent to do so .
For example , we may enter into relationships with other parties to make specific services or offers available directly to our users .
If a user opts in to these third party services or marketing offers , we may share the personal information you provide at the time of sign-up or such other personal information , such as your name or other contact information , that we deem reasonably necessary or appropriate for our business partner to provide these services or offers or get in contact with you .
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so , or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities , respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Perfect World , our users , our employees or the public , including without limitation to protect Perfect World or our users from fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site .
Information we collect , including personal information , may also be disclosed or transferred as part of , or during negotiations of , any merger , sale of company assets , financing or acquisition or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of Perfect World .
You understand that when you use the community features of our Website , information you post in public or private groups , forums , and other interactive areas of the Site , as well as any information you share with individuals through the Website , will be available to other users and in some cases ( such as when you post to a public area of the Site ) may be publicly available .
We recommend you be cautious in giving out personal information to others or sharing such information in public or private online forums .
We are not responsible for the actions of any third parties with whom you share personal information .
Please note that nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information , which may be shared with third parties without your consent .
Links to third party sites
Our web site contains links to other web sites .
Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of web sites to which we link .
Links from our web site to third parties or to other sites are provided for your convenience only .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
When we update or patch any of our games or other software , we may utilize a patch routine to verify whether the most recent version is installed on your computer .
If not , the most recent version may automatically be uploaded to your computer , and you hereby consent to , and waive any further notice of , such upload .
You understand and agree that when you communicate with other players within a game or utilize any interactive features available on the Website , such as instant messaging , forums or chat rooms , such communications and postings are transmitted through our servers , and we may , but are not obligated to , monitor all such communications and postings , including those that are designated as private .
You acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy with respect to any such communications or postings , and you expressly consent to such monitoring .
What steps do we take protect personal information online
Perfect World endeavors to take reasonable precaution to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect through the Website .
We have put in place physical , electronic , and managerial procedures that are designed to prevent unauthorized access , loss , or misuse .
For example , Perfect World uses SSL ( secured socket layer ) technology to encrypt your transmission of sensitive information to us , such as account passwords , credit card numbers and other payment-related identifiable information ) .
In addition , we restrict internal access to personal information to employees who need the information to perform their duties .
The unauthorized access or use of such information by an employee is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action .
Additionally , our information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access .
You should note that our Service Providers may be responsible for processing , handling or storing some of the personal information that we receive .
These Service Providers are contractually required to safeguard and secure the personal information they received from us .
However , we are not responsible or liable in any manner for the actions or inaction of any Service Providers .
Although we strive to protect your personal information , you should be aware , however , that information sent over the Internet is not necessarily secure and may be intercepted or accessed by third parties .
Therefore , we can not guarantee the security of such information , and we are not responsible or liable for any such interception .
What choices do you have regarding the use of your personal information
Perfect World gives you certain options to control the collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information .
Before sharing your personal information with third parties in ways not covered by this Policy ( including any use for direct marketing purposes ) , you will be notified and required to opt-in to such sharing at the point at which such information is collect .
At the time of registration or providing personal information , if you do not want Perfect World to send you marketing and promotional e-mails or postal mail about our products and services , you can opt-out .
However , this shall not affect our ability to send you service and account related emails or to use your personal information as otherwise described in this Policy .
In addition , Perfect World may send you many mailings , such as newsletters , you can cancel the receipt of any future mailings .
Under California law , users who are California residents are entitled to request and obtain annually information about the personal information we have shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing during the prior calendar year .
Alternatively , the law provides that if we have a privacy policy that either allows you to opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personal information by third parties for marketing purposes , we may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options .
We follow this alternative , as we do not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes unless you opt in to such sharing at the point at which such information is collected .
How can you review , update , correct , or delete personal information
Perfect World Entertainment , Inc .
101 Redwood Shores Parkway , Suite 400
Redwood City , CA 94065
Attn : Privacy Policy Request .
Please note that certain types of personal information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as birth date or age , can not be deleted unless you close your Account .
However , such information may be modified with sufficient verification of the new information .
Note that the deletion of your data may lead to the termination of your account and applicable services .
To have access to your personal information , you must provide sufficient proof of identification as we request , and we reserve the right to deny access to any user if we believe there is a question about your identity .
Moreover , we reserve the right to retain your information in our files if we believe it is necessary or advisable to resolve disputes , enforce the Terms of Service , and for technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the Website .
While this Policy states our intended policies and practices for the collection , use and handling of personal information and we endeavor to follow such policies and practices , we are not in a position to guarantee these standards .
There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of personal information or in the handling of personal information in a manner other than as stated in this Policy .
As a consequence , we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of any personal information collected from visitors and users .
Collection of information from children
This Website is not intended for use by children under 13 , and you must be 13 or older to create an account .
By registering for the Website , users represent to us that they are 13 or over , and we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone we actually know is under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 , do not attempt to create an account and do not provide any personal information on our Website .
We urge parents of children who are 13 or over to instruct your children never to give out personal information , including their real names , addresses or phone numbers , without parental permission when using the Internet .
Perfect World is a United States based company and our servers and business operations are located primarily is the State of California .
By using our Website and providing us with information , you are consenting to the storing and processing of your information on computers located in the United States of America in the manner described in this Policy .
You acknowledge and understand that the laws regarding personal information in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your country and may not offer the same protections or rights as those laws .
If you object to your personal information being transferred or used as described in this Policy , please do not use this Website .

WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This privacy policy applies to the websites , mobile and social media applications controlled by Petfinder , a division of Nestl Purina PetCare Company ( Petfinder , we or us ) and offline interactions with us where this privacy policy is posted or referenced ( collectively , the Sites ) .
BY USING THE SITES OR PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US OFFLINE , YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY , PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITES OR PROVIDE US WITH YOUR INFORMATION OFFLINE .
What Information Do We Collect From And About You
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Sites : ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information ; and ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information , such as your IP address or cookies .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
Petfinder collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us .
Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Sites :
We may collect your email address , first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter ;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ;
We may collect your first and last name , date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ;
We may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product from us ; and
We may collect your email address , first and last name , address , phone number , and your household information if you apply to adopt a pet via our site .
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Sites .
If you do not want Petfinder to collect your personally identifiable information , please do not provide it to us .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personally Identifiable Information can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender or interests .
Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally .
Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites and a description of how this information is used :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the webpages you view .
We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request , to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites .
Cookie A cookie is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites .
For example , when someone visits a page within the Sites , a cookie is placed on the user 's machine ( if the user accepts cookies ) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously .
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie , or you may choose to block cookies with your browser , but if you do , you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites .
Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies .
While they are harmless , they may contain Demographic Information ( defined below ) and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted .
Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted .
Web Beacons ( also known as clear gifs , web bugs or pixel tags ) Web Beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages .
Demographic Information Demographic Information may be your gender , age , zip code and interests , which you voluntarily provide to us on the Sites .
We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Sites meets your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information .
The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Sites .
You can control cookies and tracking tools .
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies .
How you do so depends on the type of cookie .
Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies .
To control flash cookies , which we may use on certain websites from time to time , you can go here .
Why ? Because flash cookies can not be controlled through your browser settings .
If you block cookies on your browser , certain features on our sites may not work .
You can control tools on your mobile devices .
For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone for some of our mobile apps that might have such notifications .
We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Sites .
If you do not want Petfinder to have access to this information , please do not visit our Sites .
How We Use Information Collected Via the Sites
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information .
We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on these Sites primarily for the following purposes :
To deliver services , such as adoption applications , educational programs , information , newsletters or software you request or purchase ;
To alert you to special offers , updated information and other new services from Petfinder , or other third parties , or to forward promotional materials ;
To complete a transaction or service requested by you ;
To fulfill the terms of a promotion ;
To ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs ;
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you ;
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy , if necessary ;
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Sites ; and
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :
( i ) To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to watch an educational program on the Sites , we may share your personally identifiable information in order to provide the program to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion .
This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers .
We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion .
( ii ) To subsidiaries , affiliates , strategic partners , agents , third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research , administrative and/or internal business purposes .
These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner , please do not provide us with this information .
( iii ) To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Sites and provide other administrative services to us ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on Petfinder 's behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible .
Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Sites will have access to users ' personally identifiable information , if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information , please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us .
( iv ) To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on the Sites , we may collect from you your credit card number , billing address and other information related to such purchase , and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
( v ) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us , protect and defend our rights or property , including the rights and property of Petfinder and its family of Sites or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users .
( vi ) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
( vii ) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
( viii ) To protect against potential fraud , we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites .
In the course of such verification , we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above , in the Section A ( 2 ) .
We may share this non-personal information with third parties .
International Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information , Petfinder may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties , across borders , and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to :
the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this privacy policy ; and
the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States as indicated above .
Personally Identifiable Information Collected Offline
If you have provided us with personal information offline ( such as at a pet adoption event , or entry into an in-person sweepstakes , for example ) and this privacy policy is referenced at the information collection point , we will use your personal information in the same manner and for the same purposes set forth herein as if you supplied it online .
How to Opt-Out and Edit Information
We provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive promotional communications from us , such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this Site or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties .
To stop receiving our promotional emails , follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us or contact our Office of Consumer Affairs .
Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still send you transactional messages .
These include responses to your questions or information about your account or purchases .
If you would prefer that we do not share your information with third parties , please contact our Office of Consumer Affairs .
You can edit information we maintain .
To update or correct information we have about you , please contact our Office of Consumer Affairs .
Some of our sites may also let you modify your account profile .
Forums , Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room , forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access .
If you do n't want people to know your e-mail address , for example , do n't include it in any message you post publicly .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS , FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS .
Third Party Web Sites
This statement applies solely to information collected on the Sites .
The Sites may contain links to other web sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites .
We may use advertisers , third party ad networks , and other advertising companies , to serve advertisements on the Sites .
Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Sites or other sites ( such as through cookies , web beacons and other technologies ) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you , to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices please click here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES .
In the event that all or part of our assets or sold or acquired by another party , or in the event of a merger , you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected via the Sites .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time .
When we do , we will also revise the last update date at the bottom of this privacy policy .
For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us , we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Sites .
We will also notify parents if we change the kinds of information that we collect from kids and materially alter our practices of sharing and using this information .
We will not collect , use or share the information without parental consent .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to Petfinder is done at your own risk .
We make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems
THESE SITES AND CHILDREN ; AGE SCREENING
Some parts of the Sites will have an age-screening mechanism to prevent kids from registering .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to register with any of our Sites , or to access those features that require registration .
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information , you can email us or write to us at the address listed below .
Please mark your inquiries COPPA Information Request .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen , we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it .
You can also write to us at : Nestle Purina PetCare Company , Attn : Petfinder Privacy Question- Legal Department , Checkerboard Square , St. Louis 63164 .
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy .
To contact our Office of Consumer Affairs , please email us at Office of Consumer Affairs or write to us at :
Nestl Purina PetCare Company
Office of Consumer Affairs
St. Louis , MO 63164
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident , you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their own marketing use , and your choices with respect to such disclosures .
Because we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing use unless you are first given the opportunity to opt-in or out , we are exempt from having to meet this requirement .
If you still wish to learn more about our compliance with this requirement , you may contact our Office of Consumer Affairs .
Last Updated On : July 26 , 2013

Last Modified : __ 7/22/11_______
Welcome to the petMD website ( the Site ) .
Your privacy is important to us and this policy describes what information we collect , how we use it and how it is secured .
You have the choice of : ( i ) just browsing the Site , or ( ii ) buying products or submitting questions to Ask petMD ( the Services ) .
If you ask us to perform any of the Services you will be transmitting information to us that will identify you personally ( Personal Information ) .
Accordingly , we are committed to the following :
When you transmit information from your personal computer to our servers , your information is protected by both a firewall ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network ) and industry standard SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
Once we receive your transmission , we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your Personal Information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and can not be responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Information .
Additionally , your Personal Information may be stored on servers within or without the United States of America and in a jurisdiction that has data protection laws that are not as strict as those in your country .
We also log in your IP address .
An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the web .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to track the use of the Site .
When visitors request pages from the Site , our servers log the visitors ' IP addresses .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site 's policies or to protect our service or customers , the Site , or others .
To create a better experience for you we may also use cookies .
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at the Site .
We never save credit card information in cookies .
The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most websites .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not .
Information such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed is most easily tracked with cookies .
We may use the information from cookies to make improvements and updates to the Site and to tailor our services to our visitors ' needs .
You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit petMD .
The third-party advertising technology that we use on petMD uses information derived from your visits to petMD to target advertising within petMD .
In addition , our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on petMD or other websites .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed in your browser .
In addition , petMD may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable petMD to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site .
To `` opt-out , '' please click here .
The Ask petMD Service
The Ask petMD service provides an online question and answer forum and anything submitted in posts may be read , collected , and used by others , and petMD is not responsible for it .
For example , search engines may index your questions , answers , and other posts to allow them to appear in search engine results ( e.g . if someone does a search on google.com , your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD that relate to the search may appear in the google.com search results list ) .
Protect your anonymity by not including your real name or any personally identifying information in your questions , answers , and other posts on Ask petMD .
petMD does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use any of the Services .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to use the Services or send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information to petMD .
In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us here .
petMD uses your information to fulfill your specific requests , purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information .
In addition , the Personal Information you provide will allow us to tailor our advertisements to you , send you electronic messages about things including new products , features , enhancements , special offers , upgrade opportunities , contests and events of interest .
You may also later choose not to receive these electronic messages .
petMD also uses personal and non-personal information , both individually and combined together , to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers , to troubleshoot technical problems , to serve static and dynamic advertising , to enforce our Terms of Service , to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them .
In addition , we combine non-personal information with personal information , such as an email address , to tailor our offerings , web pages or game play experience to your preferences or interests .
We may maintain copies of your Personal Information indefinitely , or delete certain information in whole or in part if we determine , in our sole discretion , that such information violates our Terms of Use , or for any or no reason .
We may also disclose personal information to enforce legal rights and comply with the law , or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority , or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on petMD .
We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information in the event of a transfer of ownership of petMD or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of petMD related to the business which collected such information , such as acquisition by or merger with another company .
In such an event , petMD will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated , and by changing the Last Modified date at the top of this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes .
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the contact form here .

This document provides notice of specific legal obligations in connection with your use of our Internet or `` web '' sites ( collectively , `` Site '' or `` Sites '' ) .
By using this Site , you agree to be bound by our Legal Notices , Conditions of Use , and Privacy Policy ( collectively , `` Notices and Policies '' ) , in addition to other terms and conditions that may appear throughout our Sites .
References to `` PetSmart '' in this document mean PetSmart , Inc. , its affiliates , subsidiaries , divisions and designees , and the Site owner , PetSmart Store Support Group , Inc .
PetSmart reserves the right to make changes to this Site and the Notices and Policies at any time .
Each time you use this Site , you should visit and review the then current Notices and Policies that apply to your transactions and use of this Site .
If you do not agree to be bound by the then current Notices and Policies , your sole remedy is not to use this Site .
PetSmart is not responsible for typographical or photographic errors on this Site .
Proprietary Rights and Trademarks
Contributions to this Site
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
Privacy , Security and Prohibited Content
U.S . Export Controls
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND TRADEMARKS
All Site content and collective work comprising the Site , including information , articles , data , software , photographs , graphs , videos , typefaces , graphics , music , sounds and other artwork and material ( collectively `` Content '' ) is protected by copyright , trademark , patent or other proprietary rights under United States and/or international laws and held by PetSmart and/or the original creator of the material , including PetSmart 's suppliers and/or affiliates and Site visitors contributing material in connection with our Pet Community , Blog , Ask an Expert , and similar services Sites ( for more information , see Contributions to this Site ; Content and Submissions below ) .
These rights are valid and protected in all forms , media , and technologies existing now or developed in the future .
The PetSmart and Bouncing Ball Design marks , PetSmart.com , PetSmart Charities , and PetPerks , among numerous other trademarks used on this Site , are registered to and/or otherwise protected by PetSmart under United States , Canada , and/or international intellectual property laws .
All trademarks , service marks , logos , slogans , domain names , and trade names are the property of their respective owners and are licensed to , or otherwise used with permission by , PetSmart .
All intellectual property used on the Site may not be reproduced , copied or otherwise manipulated in any manner without express , written permission of the owner .
PetSmart disclaims any proprietary interest in intellectual property other than its own .
You may only download Content displayed on this Site for non-commercial , personal use , provided you also retain all copyright , trademark and other proprietary notices contained in our Content .
Do not alter the Content , and do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media .
Except as expressly authorized herein , or by an authorized representative of PetSmart , or by license , PetSmart strictly prohibits modifying , transmitting , distributing , reusing , reposting , `` framing '' or using the Content of this Site and the Site servers , including the text , images , audio and/or video for public or commercial purposes .
Downloading images of products for sale within this Site is strictly prohibited .
You may not copy , modify , remove , delete , augment , add to , publish , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale , lease or rental of , create derivative works from , or in any way exploit the Content of this Site , in whole or in part .
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THIS SITE ; CONTENT AND SUBMISSIONS
There are many opportunities to contribute to this Site .
By using this Site , you agree that any information ( except for purchase information ) you send to PetSmart to contribute to this Site , or that you submit , post or display on our Site , is not confidential , including data , text , photos , videos , stories , articles , names ( first and/or last , fiction or non-fiction ) , and other information , suggestions , ideas , comments or links you send to PetSmart or any other third party using this Site ( `` Material '' ) .
By submitting any solicited or unsolicited Material using this Site , you grant PetSmart an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use , modify , reproduce , transmit , display and distribute the Material for any purpose whatsoever to the extent permitted by law .
By submitting Material to the PetSmart Pet Community and similar service Sites , you agree that you are the sole owner and copyright holder of photos , videos , stories , and information you submit ; that these items do not infringe any intellectual property rights of any individual or entity , including the photographer who took the photos and/or videos you have submitted ; and that these items do not contain any material that otherwise violates any criminal prohibition .
You grant to PetSmart , its employees , agents , personnel , assigns , licensees , successors in interest , and legal representatives , an irrevocable and perpetual and royalty free right to use your photos , videos , stories , and information and name ( first name and/or last name or any fictional name you provided with your submission ) or likeness , in all forms and in all media and in all manners , without any restriction or notice as to changes or alterations for any advertising , promotion , publicity , or any other lawful purposes .
The Material you submit may be altered for the purposes of proper publication by PetSmart .
You waive any claims you may have based on any usage of your photos , videos , stories , and information and release PetSmart from any and all liability related to distribution , publication , and dissemination of these items , including publication on the Internet .
You waive all moral or integrity rights with respect to the photos and/or videos you have submitted to PetSmart .
You acknowledge that PetSmart is relying upon and would not use the Material you submit in the absence of these terms .
PetSmart is not liable or responsible for any content provided by users at PetSmart 's websites and will not sell the rights in your photos , videos , stories , or information to any third party .
We may , at our sole discretion , remove Material that we determine are unlawful , fraudulent , harassing , offensive , threatening , libelous , defamatory , obscene or otherwise objectionable , or infringes or violates any party 's intellectual property or other proprietary rights or our Notices and Policies .
This includes comments concerning our competitors , vendors , business partners , service providers , associates , and affiliates .
PetSmart is not liable or responsible for any content provided by its users or other third parties for use on this Site .
Contributions to this Site by third parties do not necessarily represent the view or opinions of PetSmart .
PetSmart may not preview user content before it appears on this Site .
Users can be held liable for any illegal or prohibited user content they provide to this Site , including among other things , infringing , defamatory or offensive materials .
The PetSmart.com site is created and controlled by PetSmart and is operated by its service provider , GSI Commerce Solutions , Inc. , both of the United States of America .
The laws of the State of Arizona will govern the Site without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of laws .
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES
This Site contains links to other sites operated by third parties , including third-party sites that display PetSmart trademarks ( `` Third-Party Site ( s ) '' ) .
These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose .
PetSmart does not warrant or make any representation about the substance , quality , functionality , accuracy , fitness for a particular purpose , merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content .
A link to a Third-Party Site from this Site does not constitute sponsorship , endorsement , approval or responsibility of any such Third-Party Site .
PetSmart makes no representation or warranty as to any products or services offered on any Third-Party Site .
The conditions of use , legal notices and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from the Notices and Policies that apply to your use of this Site .
Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites .
By using this Site to search for or link to a Third-Party Site , you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against PetSmart for any damages or losses whatsoever resulting from your use of this Site to obtain search results and/or to link to a Third-Party Site .
PRIVACY , SECURITY AND PROHIBITED CONTENT
See PetSmart 's Privacy Policy for information on the privacy and security practices of PetSmart and this Site .
By using this Site , you agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and account , and you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password .
If you access this Site on a public computer or use a computer to which multiple people may have access , follow all relevant instructions to sufficiently disconnect and log off of this Site and the computer system you are using to prevent unauthorized access to your PetSmart account .
Unlawful activities on this Site are strictly prohibited .
This includes tampering with this Site , misrepresenting the identity of a user , using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities .
Site users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of this Site , including without limitation : ( 1 ) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access ; ( 2 ) using this Site for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of this Site ; ( 3 ) attempting to probe , scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization ; ( 4 ) attempting to interfere with service to any user , host or network , including without limitation , via means of submitting a virus to this Site , overloading , `` flooding , '' `` spamming , '' `` mailbombing '' or `` crashing '' ; ( 5 ) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting ; and ( 6 ) forging communications on behalf of this Site ( impersonating this site ) or to this Site ( impersonating a legitimate user ) .
Sending unsolicited and unauthorized e-mail on behalf of PetSmart , including promotions and/or advertising of products or services , is expressly prohibited .
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability .
You agree not to use any device , software or routing data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site .
You agree not to use or attempt to use any engine , software , tool , agent , data or other device or mechanism ( including browsers , spiders , robots , avatars or intelligent agents ) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents provided by PetSmart or publicly available browsers .
Content that does the following types of things is illegal and/or prohibited on this Site :
Is patently offensive to the online community , such as content that promotes racism , bigotry , hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual ;
Is or could be harmful to minors , including material that exploits persons under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner , or solicits personal information from anyone under 18 ;
Provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons ; violating someone 's privacy ; providing or creating computer viruses ;
Solicits passwords , personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users ;
Harasses or advocates harassment of another person ;
Displays pornographic material of any kind ;
Involves the transmission of `` junk mail '' , `` chain letters '' , or unsolicited mass mailing or `` spamming '' ;
Promotes information that you know is false , misleading , or promotes illegal activities or conduct , or is abusive , threatening , obscene , defamatory or libelous ;
Is or promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person 's work , such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them , provides information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices , or provides pirated content or links to pirated content files ;
Contains restricted or password-only access pages , or hidden pages or images ( those not linked to or from another accessible page ) ; and
Engages in commercial activities and/or sales relating to PetSmart without PetSmart 's prior written consent , such as contests , sweepstakes , barter , advertising , and pyramid schemes .
U.S . EXPORT CONTROLS
Certain software and similar materials ( `` Software '' ) that you may download from this Site may be further subject to United States Export Controls .
No Software from this Site may be downloaded or exported contrary to any applicable export law , including any applicable prohibitions against download or export as follows : ( 1 ) into ( or to a national or resident of ) Cuba , Iran , Libya , North Korea , Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods ; or ( 2 ) anyone on the United States Treasury Department 's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department 's Table of Deny Orders .
By downloading or using Software downloaded from this site , you agree to abide by the applicable laws , rules and regulations - including the Export Administration Act and the Arms Export Control Act - and you represent and warrant that you will not transfer , by electronic transmission or otherwise , this Software to a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of law .
You agree to indemnify and hold PetSmart and its officers , agents , employees , and other partners , harmless from any loss , liability , claim or demand , including reasonable attorney 's fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of this Site , including your use of this Site to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to this Site .
If you have questions about our Conditions of Use , Legal Notices or Privacy Policy , you may contact us by :
PetSmart , Inc .
Attn : Customer Service
Eau Claire , WI 54701
Toll-free : 1-888-839-9638 ( U.S. Customers )
24 hours a day/7 days a week
CHANGES/UPDATES TO NOTICES AND POLICIES
Because our Site and stores will continue to implement new technologies and improve the products and services we provide , our Notices and Policies are subject to change .
We reserve the right to change or update our Notices and Policies and to modify or terminate the Site for any reason , without notice and without liability to you or any other participating third party .
As a Site user , you are responsible for regularly reviewing our Notices and Policies in order to remain informed of our practices and your obligations as you visit and use our Site .
Our current Notices and Policies constitute the entire agreement between you and PetSmart as you use our Site and supersedes all prior understandings or agreements , written or oral , in this regard .
Revised July 24 , 2007

Effective October 2 , 2007
This Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. site , Philly.com , is covered by the policies herein .
This privacy statement covers Philly.com .
Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should contact Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. at : Philadelphia Media Network , Inc .
This privacy statement covers only information that is collected through this Web site , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site .
When does Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. collect my personally identifiable information ?
When you register for one of Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. 's sites , or for services on any of our sites , we collect personally identifying information from you .
During registration you are asked to provide your email address and some demographic information including such items as your gender , year of birth , and address .
The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize our services and your experience to suit your needs and preferences .
In addition to registration , we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you enter contests and sweepstakes ( which may be done in conjunction with site registration ) , participate in promotions and special programs , register for premium or customized services , make a purchase at one of our merchants or partners , subscribe to one of our print publications , or download a software product or plug-in .
If you are making a purchase or enrolling in a premium service for which there is a fee , we , or a 3rd party working in partnership with us , will collect your credit card , billing address , and other verifying information .
In addition , we may collect personally identifiable information from you when you provide content to us for display or use on one or more Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites , including but not limited to , when you participate in user surveys , post messages to bulletin boards or chat areas , submit personals or other classified listings , build a home page , report a problem with one of our sites or services , or submit a letter to the editor .
If you use our referral service ( `` Email and Article to a Friend '' ) to tell a friend about our site , we will ask for your email address and theirs .
We automatically send a one-time email to the address you provided .
Neither your email address nor the email address you provide is stored or used for any other purpose .
How is my personally identifiable information used ?
Our main goal is to provide you with a customized and more relevant experience on Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites .
We review our users ' preferences , demographics , traffic patterns , and other information in aggregate so that we can better understand who our audience is , and what it is you want .
Tracking user preferences also helps us serve you more relevant advertising .
Please note that we do not share your personally identifying information with the advertiser .
We use a third party to serve ads when you visit our site .
This third party ad server may use certain information about your visit to our site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you , but they are not allowed to collect or use personally identifiable information about you for their own purposes .
All credit card information is transmitted in an encrypted form , using SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption , the industry-standard .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. assumes no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized third parties .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can contact us at : Philadelphia Media Network , Inc .
The email address provided by you at registration , or as updated , may be used by Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. and its affiliated entities , including Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. , to contact you for any reason , including : ( 1 ) Your account status ( including an email confirmation of registration ) , ( 2 ) Major changes to the Web site , the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy , ( 3 ) Participation in user surveys , asking for feedback on the Web site and ( 4 ) notifying you of existing or prospective products and services offered by us or our advertisers and partners .
This information helps us to improve our Web site .
The information provided by you at registration may be used by Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. and its affiliated entities , to contact you with special offers and promotions .
To update your personal information such as name , or mailing address , you can sign into your account and visit the Update Account page .
To update your newsletter subscriptions you either a ) visit your newsletter subscription page in your account , or b ) unsubscribe by following the instructions within the email newsletter .
If you opt-in to a third party offer on this site then your relationship with the third party will be governed by their respective Privacy Policies .
If you no longer wish to receive communication from the third party , then you will need to contact them directly to opt-out .
When you sign up for some third-party services on this site , such as free coupons or look up Yellow Pages , you will be taken to a co-branded site which may appear to be , however if the third party is collecting information from you , the use of this information is governed by the co-branded partner 's privacy policy .
What other information does Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. collect and how is it used ?
Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. uses cookies to store and track your preferences to provide you with a more personalized user experience .
A cookie is a message that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Most Internet sites use cookies .
You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies but then you will not be able to participate in most customized services , and you may be required to repeatedly log in to participate in various services , promotions , or product offerings .
Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences and passwords .
We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all .
These cookies , help us estimate our audience size , determine which areas of Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites are the most popular , and serve targeted advertising .
Third party advertisers and our ad server may set and access their cookies on your computer in accordance with their own privacy policies .
Some parts of Philly.com site use cookies to collect information about visitors ' use of the Web site and to facilitate return visits .
Information collected about user activity may be done in partnership using a third party tracking tool .
The information collected from cookies is tracked to enhance security and to improve the functionality of the Web site by avoiding duplicate data entry , facilitating navigation , and increasing the relevance of content .
Cookies on the site may collect the following information : a unique identifier , user preferences and profile information used to personalize the content that is shown , and membership information to access sitename , com 's services .
Some cookies used by Philly.com may remain on the user 's computer after they leave the Web site .
Most browsers can be configured to reject cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent .
Keep in mind that if you refuse cookies , it is possible that some portions of Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites may not function exactly as intended .
Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. may also collect IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers ( e.g . how many visitors logged in to a Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. site ) .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet .
When you visit a particular Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. web page , our servers log your IP address .
Your IP address is not linked to anything personally identifiable .
AP News Registry .
This Web site uses services provided by AP News Registry .
AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry .
Who does Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. share information with ?
User information is shared within Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. in order to provide you with a more integrated and customized user experience .
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties except ( 1 ) to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested product or service , or ( 2 ) in order to provide targeted promotional offers during the registration process .
If you do not accept any of the offers , your information will not be retained by our registration offers partner .
To the extent you are notified of uses of your personal information which are different from those described in this Policy Statement during your enrollment in any particular service , sweepstakes , contest or promotion , the uses of which you are specifically notified will govern that service , sweepstakes , contest or promotion .
We may co-sponsor some contests on our site with other companies .
If you enter one of these contests , our co-sponsor may receive the information collected .
In such cases , we will tell you who the co-sponsor is and notify you the use of this information is governed by the co-sponsor 's privacy policy .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site
What else should I know about my privacy ?
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area , that information may be collected and used by others .
We do not control the actions of our visitors and registered users .
If you disclose personal information in a chat room , forum , on your home page , or any other publicly accessible place on Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites , you do so at your own risk and you understand that your submitted information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages , advertisements , or for other purposes .
Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use to register , and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online .
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Philadelphia Media Network , Inc .
Please be aware that we , Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
Third-party advertising companies may be used to serve ads when you visit philly.com .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN .
In compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , we will not knowingly provide access to Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites to persons under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
If Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. later learns that any registered user is under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , we will take appropriate steps to remove the member 's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites .
We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children .
We encourage kids to involve their parents in any interactive activity they participate in online .
Except where otherwise disclosed , we will not collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of thirteen without obtaining express parental consent .
All general information collected from users under the age of thirteen is used only for aggregate statistical analysis .
Acceptance of Privacy Policy .
By using Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites and services , you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement , your only remedy is to discontinue use of Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites .
We reserve the right , to modify this Privacy Statement at any time .
If we materially change how we use your personal information we will notify you either by email or through a prominent notice on the web site .
Your continued use of any portion of Philadelphia Media Network , Inc. sites following notification or posting of such changes , will constitute your accept of those changes .
Questions or concerns about our specific policies , please contact us through our feedback form at : Philadelphia Media Network , Inc .
Want more information ? Check out these helpful links ...
Electronic Frontier Foundation - a civil liberties organization working to protect your rights online .
Electronic Privacy Information Center - established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure .
Privacy Issues Page - from the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) .
Cookie Central -- dedicated to provide full information upon Internet Cookies .
We welcome you to our site .
We ask that you review these Terms of Use , which are intended to constitute a binding license agreement that conditions your use of this site ( `` Agreement '' ) .
We have tried to avoid unnecessary legal verbiage .
Our goal is to protect our rights in order to provide you with access to the free content available at this site .
If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement after you have read it , please leave the site .
If you remain on this site , or return thereafter , you agree to be bound by this Agreement .
You agree to act responsibly at this site and to treat other visitors with respect .
Limited License/ Copyright and Intellectual Property Law Restrictions .
Except for public domain material , the content on this site is protected by intellectual property laws , including U.S. copyright laws .
You are hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the material at this site ( `` Content '' ) while connected to this site ( including , where available , to email individual stories to friends directly from this site ) .
You are also granted a limited license to print one copy of any Content posted at the site , but only for your personal use .
Except as expressly provided above , all rights are reserved .
Among other things , except to the extent required for the limited purpose of reviewing material on our site , electronic reproduction , adaptation , distribution , performance or display is prohibited .
Changes to or deletion of author attribution or copyright notices are prohibited .
Commercial use of any of the Content is strictly prohibited .
Use of any of our trademarks as metatags on other web sites also is strictly prohibited .
You may not display this Web site in frames ( or any of the Content via in-line links ) without our express written permission , which may be requested by contacting us through our feedback form .
You may , however , establish ordinary links to our site without our written permission .
We may provide links from our site to other sites as a convenience to our visitors .
We have no control over linked sites and make no representations about any content or material available at these locations .
Links are not intended to imply sponsorship , affiliation or endorsement .
Discussion Boards and other self-publishing 3rd party products .
Although we do not have any obligation to monitor these services , or this self-published content , we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful , threatening , abusive , libelous , defamatory , obscene , vulgar , pornographic , profane , indecent or otherwise objectionable to us in our sole discretion and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law , regulation , or government request .
We also reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions .
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES .
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THIS WEB SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK .
THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE ; OR THAT ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THIS SITE .
THIS SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE ON AN `` AS IS '' BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHERWISE , OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION , RESTRICTION , OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT .
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY PROVIDING CONTENT VIA THIS SITE SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES .
The terms of this agreement will not be modified on an individual basis .
You agree that we may modify the terms of this Agreement ( or discontinue this site ) in our sole discretion , without advance notice , and that your right to access this site is conditioned on an ongoing basis with your compliance with the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions .
You should therefore visit this page frequently .
This Web site is hosted on servers located in the United States and is intended to be viewed by residents of the United States .
In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to this site , you agree that the exclusive venue for litigating disputes shall be in state or federal court in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .

Updated : November 15 , 2013
Summarized below are key elements of our Privacy Policy .
To read our full Privacy Policy ( Policy ) , click here .
Scope of Privacy Policy
This policy applies to website visitors , current and potential students , alumni and any other user of services offered through our Sites , including any websites or mobile applications operated by or on their behalf .
This policy applies to both online and offline collection , storage , processing and transfer of Personal Information .
However , certain Sites or services may be subject to additional privacy policies or privacy disclosures relating to the services provided on the Site ( s ) ( collectively Additional Policies ) .
We collect various types of Information through our Sites and other websites where you can express interest in our services , through our mobile applications , over the phone and in person where print materials may be used to collect Information from you .
Some Information is collected automatically through various web and Internet technologies , including Social Networking tools used by your University to foster communication and collaboration among members of our community .
Other Information is collected when you provide it in response to an advertisement , a survey or a request for information ; apply for admission or financial aid ; register for classes ; order educational or other products and services ; set up a Social Network or other Site profile ; or use one of our career resources , learning assessments or other interactive tools .
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with Information we collect about you .
We will not sell , rent or lease your Personal Information to others except as provided in this policy .
We may collect , use and disclose Personal Information for the following purposes :
To determine your admissibility and to register you for your selected educational programs
To provide requested products and services
To respond to your inquiries and provide customer support
To administer promotions in which you have indicated an interest
For our internal marketing purposes , which include , but are not limited to , sending you material about products , services , updates , etc . that we think may be of interest to you
For fostering communication and collaboration among members of your University community through Social Networks
For sharing with our Education Partners who may contact you with respect to their educational or other services
For sharing with our Education Partners or Business Associates who are performing services on our behalf
To analyze how Sites and services are being accessed and used
For investigation of information security and information asset protection-related incidents
To test , correct and improve our content , applications and services
To develop new applications , products and services
For Online Behavioral Advertising purposes
To improve Site and service performance and delivery
To prevent potentially illegal activities ( including illegal downloading of copyrighted materials in accordance with our Copyright Infringement Policy )
To investigate suspicious information that denotes illegal activity such as financial aid fraud
To analyze academic and learning outcomes and preferences
To analyze risk and business results
To obtain payment for services that we provide to you
To provide you with information concerning arrangements and other options for the repayment of funds loaned to you for your education
To maintain business records for reasonable periods
To enforce our Terms of Use
To provide to Education Partners , Business Associates or Unrelated Entities in connection with the contemplated or actual reorganization , merger , acquisition , financing , securitization , insuring , sale or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets , including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed with such transaction or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties .
In the event of any actual reorganization , merger or acquisition , such Information may be transferred as part of the transaction to the acquirer
And/or as may be required or permitted by legal , regulatory , industry self-regulatory , insurance , audit or security requirements applicable to Apollo Education Group , our Education Partners or our Business Associates .
Your Rights and Choices
If you do not wish to receive marketing email communications from us , you may express your choice where indicated on the applicable email or other communication , or click here .
Under California 's Shine the Light law , Cal . Civ . Code 1798.83 , we provide California residents the ability to opt out of disclosures to Education Partners for direct marketing purposes .
We or our Business Associates may use data collected on this Site for Online Behavioral Advertising purposes , e.g. , to customize ads to you on other websites as you browse the web .
Other Collection , Use and Disclosure
You may be able to opt out of our collection , use and disclosure of your Personal Information in other situations subject to applicable contractual , academic , legal or technical restrictions and reasonable notice .
Note that if you opt out of certain uses of your Personal Information , we may no longer be able to provide certain products or services .
We will take commercially reasonable measures to secure and store your Information to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the Information under our control .
We utilize industry-standard security measures when accepting your credit card Information during your registration or other transaction you have initiated with us , as well as whenever we ask you to log in to any of our Sites .
If you become a student , your educational records are subject to the U.S. federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( FERPA ) , state laws and your University policies .
To obtain a copy of the Students ' Rights to Privacy and Access to Educational Records policy , click here .
You may also contact us via one of the below methods :
Attn : Registrar 's Office
Mail stop : CF-A103
Phoenix , AZ 85034-7259
University of Phoenix may update this policy or revise it from time to time .
If you are concerned about how your Personal Information is used or disclosed , you should contact us as described below or check back at this Site periodically to obtain a current copy of this Privacy Policy .
How to Contact Us or Access Your Information
Attn : Office of Compliance
1625 S. Fountainhead Pkwy .
Mail Stop : CF-SX03
Phoenix , AZ 85040
PRIVACY POLICY - FULL VERSION
Updated : November 15 , 2013
This policy applies to website visitors , current and potential students , alumni and any other user of services offered through our Sites , including any websites or mobile applications operated by or on their behalf .
This policy applies to both online and offline collection , storage , processing and transfer of Personal Information .
Certain Sites or services may be subject to additional privacy policies or privacy disclosures relating to the services provided on the Site ( s ) ( collectively Additional Policies ) .
In the event of any direct conflict between any Additional Policies and this policy , the Additional Policies will control .
University of Phoenix may amend or otherwise modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please revisit this page periodically to check for updates .
The date of last revision is shown at the top of this document .
How We Collect Information
Information Collected Automatically on the Sites
Information You Provide to Us
How We Use and Disclose This Information
Location of Information Processing
Your California Privacy Rights
Site Hosting and Links From Our Sites to Other Websites
How to Access Your Information and Contact Us
As used in this Privacy Policy , the following terms have the following meanings :
Business Associates means third-party service providers which the University of Phoenix or Apollo Education Group , Inc. may contract with to provide services on our behalf , including but not limited to : Social Networking , hosting , web analytics , Online Behavioral Advertising , lead generation , academic , business , career or financial services .
Education Partners means a . )
University of Phoenix , Apollo Education Group , Inc. , and their subsidiaries and affiliates including educational companies or institutions that Apollo Education Group , Inc. or its subsidiaries may be providing educational or other related services to under contract and b . )
Third-party companies who may participate in University of Phoenix or Apollo Education Group , Inc. career initiatives ( e.g. , potential employers ) .
Financial Information means specific Personal Information of a financial nature such as your credit card number .
Information means any Information collected and includes : Personal Information , Financial Information , Web Analytical Information or any other Information collected from you through our Sites .
Personal Information means Information that may be used , alone or in combination , to identify a specific individual and includes Financial Information .
Online Behavioral Advertising means the collection of data from a particular computer or device regarding web-viewing behaviors over time and across websites for the purpose of using such data to predict user preferences or interests to deliver advertising to that computer or device based on the preferences or interests inferred from such web-viewing behaviors .
Site or Sites means websites operated by or exclusively on behalf of University of Phoenix or its parent company Apollo Education Group , Inc. regardless of domain name or IP address .
Social Network means various Internet communication technologies provided on Sites that facilitate conversation and interaction between people online and includes , but is not limited to , blogs , discussion forums , wikis , chat sessions , news groups , etc .
Social Network Content ( or SNC ) means user-generated content you consent to share via a Social Network and includes , but is not limited to , Personal Information , digital sounds and pictures that you upload to a Social Network .
It also includes your Personal Information that may be displayed on other users ' Social Network pages .
Your University means University of Phoenix .
We , us and our refer to your University and Apollo Education Group , Inc .
Unrelated Entities means third parties that are not Education Partners and who are not providing services as Business Associates .
Web Analytical Information means Internet-generated Information we collect when you visit our Sites .
This Information may be linked with Personal Information .
When linked with other Information identifying you personally , either alone or in combination with other Information , then such Information also will be considered Personal Information .
How We Collect Information
We collect various types of Information from you through our Sites and other websites where you can express interest in our services , through our mobile applications , over the phone , via printed forms and in person .
Some Information is collected automatically through various web and Internet technologies including Social Networking tools used by your University .
Other Information is collected when you provide it to us voluntarily .
We may also obtain Information from Education Partners and Unrelated Entities and combine that with Information we collect about you .
Information Collected Automatically on the Sites
Each time you visit one of our Sites , Web Analytical Information is automatically gathered .
In general , this Information does not identify you personally .
Examples of Web Analytical Information include , but are not limited to :
Day of week , time of day ( hour )
Country , state , designated market area ( DMA ) , city ( relating to IP address , if available )
Domain ( .com , .net , .mil , .org , .edu , etc . )
This Information may be linked with Personal Information to accomplish the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
Information You Provide to Us
In addition to the Web Analytical Information automatically collected when you visit our Sites , University of Phoenix also collects , uses and discloses Personal Information that you provide to us voluntarily online or offline when you respond to an advertisement , a survey or a request for information ; register for classes ; apply for financial aid ; order educational or other products and services ; set up a Social Network or other Site profile ; or use one of our career resources , learning assessments or other interactive tools .
While the exact nature of the Personal Information may vary depending on the type of response or service requested , the following is a non-exclusive list of the types of Information that may be collected to the extent it is necessary and applicable for the intended purposes :
First , middle and last name , previous names
Street address , city , state , country , postal code
Valid day or evening telephone number
Confirmation of the age of majority
Campus ( based on postal code list )
Apollo Education Partner interested in
Current degree program of interest
Current modality of interest ( online , on-ground or FlexNet )
Publisher code ( Site ID )
Number of previous credits
Individual Record Number ( IRN ) or Social Security number
Other Financial Information and information related to financial aid eligibility
Learning , skill or career assessment data
Other Information after you become a University student such as course assignments , grades and other educational records relating to your enrollment at your University and that may be required to be collected in the normal course of your studies
How We Use and Disclose This Information
We will not sell , rent or lease your Personal Information to others except in accordance with this policy .
We may collect , use and disclose Personal Information for the following purposes :
To determine your admissibility and to register you for your selected educational programs
To provide requested products and services
To respond to your inquiries and provide customer support
To administer promotions in which you have indicated an interest
For our internal marketing purposes , which include , but are not limited to , sending you material about products , services , updates , etc . that we think may be of interest to you
For fostering communication and collaboration among members of your University community through Social Networks
For sharing with our Education Partners who may contact you with respect to their educational or other services
For sharing with our Education Partners or Business Associates who are performing services on our behalf
To analyze how Sites and services are being accessed and used
For investigation of information security and information asset protection-related incidents
To test , correct and improve our content , applications and services
To develop new applications , products and services
For Online Behavioral Advertising purposes
To improve Site and service performance and delivery
To prevent potentially illegal activities ( including illegal downloading of copyrighted materials in accordance with our Copyright Infringement policy )
To investigate suspicious information that denotes illegal activity such as financial aid fraud
To analyze academic and learning outcomes and preferences
To analyze risk and business results
To obtain payment for services that we provide to you
To provide you with information concerning arrangements and other options for the repayment of funds loaned to you for your education
To maintain business records for reasonable periods
To enforce our Terms of Use
To provide to Education Partners , Business Associates or Unrelated Entities in connection with the contemplated or actual reorganization , merger , acquisition , financing , securitization , insuring , sale or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets , including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed with such transaction or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties .
In the event of any actual reorganization , merger or acquisition , such Information may be transferred as part of the transaction to the acquirer
And/or as may be required or permitted by legal , regulatory , industry self-regulatory , insurance , audit or security requirements applicable to the University , Apollo Education Group , our Education Partners or our Business Associates
Express Consent to Receive Prerecorded Voice Messages , Text Messages and Calls Using an Autodialer
In connection with the uses set forth above , we may use an automatic telephone dialing system ( autodialer ) , artificial or prerecorded voice messages , and text messages to provide you with various communications .
Further , when you provide us with a cellular , wireless or mobile telephone number as your contact number , you agree that you are providing us with your express consent to receive calls using an automated dialing system , prerecorded voice messages or text messages related to your enrollment .
If you do not wish to receive these updates on your cellular or mobile phone , please provide us with a land-based telephone number .
Your Financial Information will be used to provide requested products and services , to analyze operational and business results , to analyze risk , and for concluding your registration or other transaction you have initiated with us .
It will not be sold , rented or otherwise transferred to an Education Partner , Business Associate or Unrelated Entity outside of these purposes , except in the case of a reorganization , merger or acquisition of our shares or assets .
If you become a student , your educational records are subject to the U.S. federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( FERPA ) , state laws and your University 's policies .
Students have the right to limit access to FERPA-defined directory Information about them .
To obtain a copy of your University 's FERPA policy , click here .
You may also contact us via one of the below methods :
Attn : Registrar 's Office
Mail Stop : CF-A103
Phoenix , AZ 85034-7259
Location of Information Processing
We operate or may process information in multiple jurisdictions , and some Education Partners and Business Associates may be located outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside .
In such cases , your Personal Information may be collected , used , disclosed , stored and processed in these other jurisdictions for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might differ from your jurisdiction .
We require our Education Partners and Business Associates to use your Personal Information in accordance with this policy and to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected in accordance with applicable laws .
Please be advised that , by using our Sites and services , you are consenting to the transfer and processing of your Information across international borders .
Your Information may be subject to the laws of those other jurisdictions , including lawful requirements to disclose Personal Information to government authorities .
We use a third-party assurance service to comply with the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
As part of this service , our online advertisements and Sites taking part in Online Behavioral Advertising are delivered with icons that help consumers understand how their data is being used and provide options to consumers who want more control .
Some of these ads are targeted to your interests and preferences based on your browsing history , which is stored in a cookie on your computer .
Your browsing history on the Sites may be tracked in these cookies even if ads are not being displayed .
If you do not wish to receive marketing email communications from us , you may express your choice where indicated on the applicable email or other communication or click here .
Marketing opt-out requests will only remove you from our list and the list of any Business Associate performing services on our behalf .
We are not responsible for the use any other party may make of the Information once it has been transferred in accordance with this Policy , and you will need to contact such entity to have your Information removed from its database .
Student Educational Records and Social Networking Content
Students who desire to prevent release of their directory and educational record Information in accordance with FERPA may place a FERPA Hold on their academic file .
Click here to review your University 's FERPA Policy .
You may change various user settings related to sharing your Personal Information contained in any user profile you set up as part of Social Network activities furnished by us , subject to contractual , academic , legal or technical restrictions and reasonable notice .
Note that your withdrawal from Social Network activities might prevent us from providing you with certain products or services .
Other Collection , Use and Disclosure
In any situation not covered by the foregoing , you may be able to opt out of our collection , use and disclosure of your Personal Information subject to applicable contractual , academic , legal or technical restrictions and reasonable notice .
Note that if you opt out of certain uses of your Personal Information , we may no longer be able to provide certain products or services .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California 's Shine the Light law , Cal . Civ . Code 1798.83 , we provide California residents the ability to opt out of disclosures to Education Partners for direct marketing purposes .
We will take commercially reasonable measures to secure and store your Information to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the Information under our control .
We utilize industry-standard security measures when accepting your credit card Information during the online ordering process , as well as whenever we ask you to log in to any of our Sites .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure .
As a result , although we will utilize such measures , we do not guarantee you against the loss , misuse or alteration of Information under our control , and you provide Information to us at your own risk .
You should always take care how you handle and disclose your Personal Information and should avoid sending Personal Information through insecure email , Social Networks or other Internet channels .
We may monitor and retain all incoming and outgoing communications for training of our representatives and for quality assurance purposes .
To the extent such communications are selected , they are only retained as long as necessary to adequately discharge these purposes , unless a specific communication needs to be retained for legal reasons .
If you prefer that your communications not be retained for any reason , please advise your representative .
Cookies , web beacons and other relevant Internet technologies are used on our Sites to allow us to accomplish the uses set out above as well as to deliver Sites messaging and to keep track of your Information .
These small pieces of program code reside in your computer and browser and can be removed .
If you desire to remove such technologies you may do so , but this may render our Sites unusable to you .
You can opt out of cookies or the other Internet technologies used by disabling these features in your browser program .
Please note that the deletion of certain opt-out cookies may require you to renew your Online Behavioral Advertising opt outs periodically .
Consult your browser 's Help menu for assistance in changing cookie settings or removing cookie files .
Site Hosting and Links from Our Sites to Other Websites
Some of our Sites may contain links to websites hosted by Education Partners , Unrelated Entities and Business Associates operating websites on their own behalf or on behalf of multiple entities .
Some of these websites may collect your Personal Information and may apply their own policies on how your Personal Information is used .
In addition , some of our Sites may have Additional Policies that apply to the use of Personal Information collected on that Site .
Please make sure to read the policies of any websites you visit on the Internet carefully .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any websites that are not operated by or exclusively for us , and the collection , use and disclosure of Information about you will be subject to the policies applicable on those websites .
University of Phoenix may update this Privacy Policy or revise it from time to time .
You should contact us as described below or check back at this Site periodically to obtain a current copy of this Privacy Policy .
We urge you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to obtain the current version .
Your continued provision of Personal Information or use of our services following any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes .
If we intend to use Information that personally identifies you in a manner materially different from what we stated at the time it was collected , we will attempt to notify you at least 30 days in advance .
You will be given a choice as to whether or not previously provided Information may be used in a new way .
How to Access Your Information and Contact Us
Attn : Office of Compliance
1625 S. Fountainhead Pkwy .
Mail Stop : CF-SX03
Phoenix , AZ 85040

PhoneArena 's Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share , and help you make informed decisions when using PhoneArena .
By using or accessing PhoneArena , you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use PhoneArena .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of personal information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified below .
If we use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected , then we will ask you for your consent prior to such use .
Account information - To take advantage of certain features offered on PhoneArena , such as uploading photos or videos , you need to create a User account .
When creating a User account , we ask for and record personal information such as your name , email address and password .
When creating a User profile , you may choose to include preferential options such as adding a personal photo .
We use your email address to send you updates , news , service-related announcements and contact you on behalf of other Users ( such as other Users who send you personal messages ) .
You may choose not to receive e-mails of this type by updating your notification settings on your account , though PhoneArena reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications .
Submissions - We store your User profile information , as well as your name , photos , videos and other information you have chosen to display to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings .
We store this information so that PhoneArena may present it back to you when you and others when accessing your User profile .
Any personal information you voluntarily disclose online may be collected and used by others pursuant to your privacy settings .
Feedback - If you contact us to provide feedback , register a complaint , or ask a question , we will record any personal information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication .
You do not need a User account to contact PhoneArena .
Please understand that we are not obligated to compensate you for any feedback you provide .
Personal messaging - In order to allow you to send and receive personal messages to other registered Users of PhoneArena , we record the messages that you send and receive .
Activity - Whether or not you have a User account with PhoneArena , we record information relating to your use of PhoneArena , such as the profiles and gadgets your view , the searches you undertake , which other Users you communicate with , the frequency and size of data transfers , the information you display about yourself , the information you click on , your browser type , IP address , requested URL , referring URL , and timestamp information .
If you are logged in , we may associate this information with your User account .
We use this type of information to administer the Website and provide the highest possible level of service to you .
We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of User behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Website .
You can not be identified from this aggregate information .
Cookies - We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service .
The term `` cookies '' refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site .
We may use both session cookies ( which expire once you close your browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions .
Enforcement - We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of PhoneArena ( including your personal information ) in order to investigate , enforce , and apply our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Information Made Available to the Public
When you create a User account , some information about your User account and your account activity will be visible to other PhoneArena Users .
This may include your User profile information , as well as your name , email and photo , and other personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose .
You may limit the extent to which this information is accessed by adjusting your privacy settings .
Your name and profile picture thumbnail will be available in search results on the Website and those limited pieces of information may be made available to third party search engines .
This is primarily so your friends can find you and send a friend request .
People who see your name in searches , however , will not be able to access your profile information unless you have allowed such access based on your privacy settings .
We may distribute your User-Generated Content to third parties , as permitted pursuant to our Terms of Service .
The third parties may in turn publicly display or publish your submissions in connection with their own websites and media platforms .
When we distribute your submissions to third parties , we typically include your account name ( but not your personal information unless you include your personal information in your submissions ) .
We may share your personal information with third parties to provide you with services that we offer through the PhoneArena , conduct quality assurance testing , facilitate creation of accounts , provide technical and customer support .
These third parties are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by you .
We may share your personal information with joint ventures or other companies under a common control ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) that we may have now or in the future , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy .
If another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess your personal information , and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( a ) take action regarding suspected illegal activities ; ( b ) enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy ; ( c ) comply with legal process , such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order ; or ( d ) protect our rights , reputation , and property , or that of our Users , affiliates , or the public .
Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant , subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive .
We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to User behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties , such as advertisers and content distributors .
For example , we may disclose the number of Users that have been exposed to , or have clicked on , advertising banners , or number of users that have particular product .
We use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit PhoneArena .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
PhoneArena may contain links to third party websites to which we have no affiliation .
Except as set forth herein , we do not share your personal information with those third parties , and are not responsible for their privacy practices .
We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites .
Advertisements that appear on PhoneArena are sometimes delivered ( or `` served '' ) directly to Users by third party advertisers .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and `` web beacons '' to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
PhoneArena does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers .
Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on PhoneArena unless you choose to share it with them .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by PhoneArena and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers .
Controlling Your Personal Data
Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to the information on your User profile , please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
We can not control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your User profile and information .
Therefore , we can not and do not guarantee that the User-Generated content you post on the Website will not be viewed by unauthorized persons .
We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website .
You understand and acknowledge that , even after removal , copies of your User-Generated Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored your User-Generated Content .
Please also note that the personal messages you send or receive using PhoneArena 's personal messaging feature are only private to the extent that you and the sender/recipient keep them private .
For example , we do not have any control over whether a recipient of one of your personal messages publicly posts the contents of such a message .
As a registered PhoneArena User , you can edit your personal information and your privacy preferences at any time by accessing the `` Profile '' section of this Website .
You can also terminate your User account at any time .
Upon request for termination of your account , PhoneArena will use commercially reasonable efforts to close your account , and cease displaying your User-Generated Content on the Website , except for postings that have been shared with others on the Website such as but not limited to discussion comments or products that have become part PhoneArena 's database ; nevertheless , we may still retain your personal information in our systems .
Your account is password protected .
We use industry standard measures to protect the personal information that is stored in our database .
We limit the access to your personal information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function , such as our customer service personnel .
You hereby acknowledge that PhoneArena is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet , and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner .
You may opt-out of receiving personal messages from specific Users by changing the notification settings under the Account tab after you log on to PhoneArena Unregistered Users who receive e-mails from us may also opt-out of receiving further e-mails by following the instructions contained in our e-mails .
Terms of Service , Notices and Revisions
Your use of PhoneArena , and any disputes arising from it , is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service and all of its dispute resolution provisions including limitation on damages and choice of law .
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service at any time .
Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately , and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site .
If we make changes , we will post them and will indicate at the top of this page the policy 's new effective date .
Your continued use of PhoneArena indicates your agreement to these changes .
It is solely your responsible to check for updates of this policy .
We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account .

Effective Date : June 11 , 2012
At General Mills , we are very sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to all of our websites , including our pages and applications on third-party social-networking services such as Facebook or Twitter and our applications on mobile devices .
We know that maintaining your trust requires that we protect your privacy .
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices at this website and the choices that you , as a visitor to this website , can make about the collection and use of your information .
Personal information we may ask you for and how we might use it
When you visit our website , we collect personal information from you ( such as your name , address , phone number , e-mail address , etc . ) when you voluntarily provide it to us .
Depending on the purpose for which the information was provided , we may use the information to communicate with you regarding our products , services , and promotions , to provide you with other information or materials that you request , to customize your interactive experience , and/or to improve our product and service offerings .
Here are the circumstances in which we might ask for personal information from our consumers through our website , the types of information we obtain , and how we might use the information :
If you contact one of our Consumer Services Representatives through our website , we may ask you for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , or e-mail address so that we can respond to your questions or comments .
( Of course , if you send us an e-mail , we will at a minimum obtain your e-mail address . )
You may be asked to provide personal information if you :
register as a user of our website or to post content to our website ;
agree to receive an online newsletter or other information or material from us ;
register for a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion ;
register to receive coupons through our website ;
participate in a survey , a consumer research panel , or similar type of activity ; or
ask to receive an online newsletter or other information or material from us ; or
otherwise participate in features of our website that ask for personal information .
If you purchase or otherwise request a product , publication , or promotional offering from us or take advantage of a rebate or similar offer , you may be required to provide your contact and/or payment information ( such as a credit card number ) in order for us to process your request .
Your participation in any of these activities ( and therefore your provision of personally identifiable information ) is entirely voluntary .
We may use the information you provide to respond to your questions or comments , to administer our promotions and websites , to fulfill your request , subscription , or order , to provide you with a customized interactive experience , or to otherwise provide or improve our products and services .
Based on the information you provide , we also may obtain additional information about you , such as U.S . Postal Service address change data or demographic information , from commercially available sources .
We will not send you any online newsletter or similar e-mail marketing communication unless you expressly consent to receive such a communication from us .
And if you do choose to receive any such e-mail communication from us , you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving the e-mail at any time .
How do we use cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies
We may employ cookie technology , web beacons , transparent GIF images , and similar devices to facilitate website administration and navigation , to better understand and improve the effectiveness of our site , and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors .
Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to ( 1 ) a user 's IP address ( e.g. , yahoo.com - 192.168.1.1 ) , ( 2 ) the type of web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer ) and operating system ( e.g. , Windows ) being used , ( 3 ) the pages of the website a user visits , and ( 4 ) other websites a user visited before visiting our website .
These devices may also be used on our behalf by third parties managing our advertising on other websites to enable us to learn which advertisements bring visitors to our websites and to otherwise improve our online advertising .
Most browsers accept cookies automatically , but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent .
If you wish to disable cookies , refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies .
Please note that if you disable cookies , you may be unable to access some customized features on our website .
Devices like web beacons and transparent GIF images are tiny or transparent graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies .
We may use these graphics on our websites to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies .
Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize our website and improve your experience at our website .
We may also include these graphics in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened .
Cookies and similar technologies used for online behavioral advertising - and your right to opt out
Third parties that are involved in serving other companies ' advertising on our websites , or that are involved in determining which advertisements you might see on third-party websites , may use cookies to collect information ( such as the advertisements you have seen or the websites or pages you have visited ) in order to draw inferences about what internet advertising content might be relevant to you .
These cookies may be used by these third parties while you are visiting our website , and these third parties may then use the information gathered through these cookies to show you advertising they believe to be most relevant to you when you visit other websites not belonging to us .
This practice is called online behavioral advertising .
If you opt out , these companies have committed to refrain from using cookies ( or similar technologies ) in this manner to gather information on any website ( not just ours ) for online behavioral advertising purposes .
Please be aware that the opt-out process is itself cookie-based .
In other words , when you opt out , a cookie is placed on your browser that informs these third parties that they are not to use cookies with you for online behavioral advertising .
As a result , if you subsequently clear cookies from your browser ( as many people do periodically ) , your opt out will be lost until you reinstate it .
Also , please be aware that your opt out does not mean you will not continue to receive advertising you just will not receive advertising that might otherwise have been targeted to you based on these cookies on your computer .
When we might provide other parties with your personal information
If you give us your explicit consent to do so , we may share your personal information with other marketers at unaffiliated companies .
If you do not affirmatively consent to this , we will not share your information with such other marketers .
We may provide your personal information to third parties who provide services on our behalf .
These parties may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us ( e.g. , fulfillment of an order , responding to your question or comment , providing a sweepstakes prize , deployment of a consumer survey , investigation of a complaint , etc . ) .
Some of these third parties may be involved in administering or supplementing our databases and will need to have access to the information in order to do so .
For example , we may retain a third party to verify the accuracy of information within our databases or to gather additional information about individuals within our databases from commercially available sources .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party .
We also reserve the right to share information within General Mills amongst our various businesses .
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law , regulation , subpoena , court order , or by a government entity .
We also may disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law or legal rights , to cooperate in any legal investigation , or to identify , contact , or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of use of our website or any other terms applicable to any activity or feature of our website .
Personal information we may receive from third-party social-networking services
If you choose to access or make use of third-party social-networking services ( such as Facebook or Twitter ) , we may receive personal information about you that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social-networking services allow you to push content from our website to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on our website .
Some social-networking services also will facilitate your registration for our website or enhance or personalize your experience on our website .
Your decision to use a social-networking service will always be voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social-networking services may make available to our website by visiting those services ' privacy policies .
Any personal information we receive through third-party social-networking services may be used as described above .
Security for credit card data and transaction information
At General Mills , we are committed to keeping your online transactions safe and secure .
In order to reasonably assure the privacy and security of your credit card and other personal data when making an order , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology .
SSL uses encryption technology to create a secure connection between your computer and ours .
We have also put procedures in place to safeguard the information/data we collect from you .
We can not absolutely guarantee the security of any information you provide online ; you provide it at your own risk .
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates , and to websites that are owned and operated by third parties .
These other websites may have their own privacy policies and are not be governed by this Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites owned and operated by any such third parties .
Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently , so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit .
User-generated content and public profile features
This website may , from time to time , contain interactive areas where website users might submit comments or other content ( including information about the user that might be displayed in the user 's public profile within an online community ) that may be posted on the website or otherwise published .
Users who do this should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , etc . ) in content submitted for posting or publication , the information can be read and used by others .
This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties .
We make no representations and undertake no obligations as to the security or use of information you voluntarily include when submitting content .
This website may , from time to time , include a send-to-a-friend application that makes it easy for you to forward information or materials from our website to friends or family by e-mail .
In order to address your e-mail message , the application may ask you to input the recipient 's e-mail address and/or similar information ( including your e-mail address ) .
This information is only used by the application to address your message so that it can be properly sent .
General Mills does not retain any of this information for any purpose .
This website is not directed to children and we will not request any information from children under 13 at this website .
General Mills does have other websites that are geared in whole or in part to a child audience .
Our commitment to the privacy of children is described more fully in the privacy policies of those websites .
General Mills and its affiliated companies take special care to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13 .
We have developed our privacy practices as they relate to children from guidelines established by the Children 's Advertising Review Unit ( CARU ) and in compliance with the requirements established by the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) .
We also recommend that parents monitor their children 's Internet activities and learn and employ software or other tools which can help their children enjoy the fun and entertainment of an on-line experience without compromising their personal safety or allowing them to use the Internet in a manner inconsistent with their parents ' preferences .
This website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only .
All matters relating to this website are governed by the laws of the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States and you contact us , please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by submitting information you explicitly authorize this transfer and the processing of this information within the United States .
Changes in our online privacy policy
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information gathered via this website .
Your consent to the terms of this privacy policy
By using this website , you signify your assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and this website 's Terms of Use .
If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use , please do not use this website or submit any personally identifiable information .
Your control over your information
You always have the right to review and update the information that you previously provided to us at this website .
You may contact us as described immediately below in order to arrange this or to ask us to remove you from our list of email addresses to which we send email newsletters .
All of our email newsletters also contain an unsubscribe link that you can click through to unsubscribe from future emails .
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our collection or use of information , please Contact Us .
You may also reach us by telephone at 1-800-248-7310 weekdays from 7:30 a.m. 5:30 p.m. Central Time .

Pinkbike does not collect information from not logged in visitors interacting with the site .
A cookie and ip address may be tracked to allow technology to better the visitor experience during a session .
Session data is cleared when a browser is closed .
Visitors may recieve third-party advertising .
Pinkbike offers the ability to register as a member of the website allowing a richer community experience .
Members use their email address and other personal information in the process .
Your email address is NEVER shown to visitors or other members of the community
Age , gender , and IP information may be used as an identifier during thrid-party advertising .
Pinkbike never shares your email address with any third party .
As a member of Pinkbike you may upload your videos and photos .
Your uploaded material is viewable by all visitors and members .
You may , at any time , delete or remove your uploaded material
You may , only upload material that is your own , or you have the copyright to .
Pinkbike adheres to the 1998 DMCA Safe Harbor Provisions .
Pinkbike may send out an opt-out news letters to members .
Members can opt out from newsletter communication .
We hate junk mail .
In 8 years of operation we have not yet sent out a newsletter .
Third-party Advertisers , Links to Other Sites
Pinkbike allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements within the Pinkbike Site .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the Pinkbike Site .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see .
Pinkbike does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Pinkbike to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , men aged 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men aged 18-24 who have viewed certain channels of content ) and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the Pinkbike Site , such as the number of times you viewed an ad ( but not any personally identifiable information ) , to determine which ads to deliver to you .

1.1 The general terms and conditions of sale detailed below only govern the contractual relationship between the User ( hereafter referred to as You ) and the trader Pixmania ( hereafter referred to as We ) belonging to the company Pixmania S.A.S . with a capital of 19,033,875 Euros , whose headquarters is situated at 2-8 rue Sarah Bernhardt - Immeuble O2 - CS 50005 - 92665 Asnires-sur-Seine Cedex and registered on the register of companies and commerce in Nanterre under the number 352 236 244 ; EU VAT number GB 804 9543 23 .
Both parties accept these conditions unreservedly .
These general conditions of sale are the only conditions that are applicable and replace all other conditions , except in the case of express , written prior dispensation .
We maintain that , by confirming your order , you unreservedly accept our general conditions of sale , having read them .
These Terms and Conditions of Sale are important to you and Pixmania as they have been designed to protect your rights as a valued customer and to protect our rights as a business and to create an understanding between us .
1.2 We recommend that you read and accept the general terms and Terms of Use of the Platform before you make a purchase from a trader other than Pixmania .
There are 2 different ways of placing an order :
- by telephone on 0872 444 54 49 ( 10p/min plus network extras .
Please check with your service provider for charges ) .
From Monday to Friday between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. - except for orders paid by credit cards using a personal password or verified by visa security system .
Please note that some products ' instruction manuals do not come in English .
If the instruction manual does not come in English , this information will be clearly featured in the technical information sheet of the specific product .
Please note that in the case where you buy a product which does not have an English instruction manual you will be able to download the English manual by clicking on a link in the order tracking section of the Pixmania website .
Some products come with 2-pin plugs , adapters from European to UK plugs are supplied with your order .
Please note , that items can be delivered with French manuals & software .
Both can be downloaded for free via your Pix & I .
The prices indicated on the Site are in Pounds Sterling and include all taxes but do not include delivery .
The chosen possible delivery costs are indicated for the User during the product selection and are invoiced at the end of the order in addition to the price of the products .
We reserve the right to modify our prices at any moment but will apply the current rates as indicated to you on the site at the time the order was placed .
We would like to inform you that if an obviously incorrect price appears on our website ( a price that is clearly too low , for example ) , and for whatever reason ( IT bug , human error , technical error etc . ) , your order will be cancelled , even if it has been initially validated .
Please note that we will honour your order while stock is available .
If a product becomes unavailable after your order has been confirmed , we will refund the price you paid for the product within 30 days following the date of payment .
If there are certain products that are temporarily unavailable , we will send the available products and will refund the shipping fees for the rest of the order .
If available , we will offer you a replacement for an unavailable product , a product of equal price and quality .
If you choose to refuse this offer , we will reimburse the unavailable product .
If you wish to return it to us in the conditions outlined in article 10 ( right of withdrawal satisfied or reimbursed ) , the return postage will be covered by us .
The products bought on the Site will be delivered to mainland UK and the Isle of Man .
Please note that we do not deliver to the Channel Islands ( Alderney , Guernsey , Jersey and Sark ) .
In the event where you want your goods delivered to another country where Pixmania is present , you must purchase your order through the site that corresponds to your country ( for example : for Spain , go to Pixmania Spain ; for France , Pixmania France ) .
It is the country where delivery will take place that determines the country of purchase .
Your order will be delivered to the address you indicated when you placed your order .
Pixmania does not deliver to PO Box addresses .
Pixmania offers several methods of delivery .
For further details , please refer to our Delivery page .
If your product is shown to be `` in stock '' on our website when you place your order , the number of days between the order date and the date that the carrier first attempts to deliver to the given address can be calculated as follows :
Dispatch time ( 24-48 hours ) = payment validation + order preparation + parcel collection by carrier
Delivery time of your parcel ( s ) according to the carrier you have chosen .
Carrier delivery times start from the moment you receive an e-mail confirming order dispatch .
Dispatch and delivery times are given in working days .
Pixmania does everything in its power to respect the delivery times indicated on the website .
In the event where you do not receive your package in the indicated time frame , an investigation will be conducted with the carrier and may take several days upon receipt of your claim ( ex.7 days with BPost International / UPS Standard , 7 days with UPS ) .
During this period , no reimbursement or re-delivery will take place .
Upon reception of your order , we recommend that you verify your products with the order that you placed with us and if necessary , write any anomalies that may have occurred on the delivery voucher , not forgetting to sign it .
Without prejudice and with respect to the applicable legal guarantees , we recommend that you address any reservations you may have pertaining to malfunctioning products on the date of delivery as quickly as possible by Post to the following address or by e-mail : Pixmania , Customer Service Department , 2-8 rue Sarah Bernhardt - Immeuble O2 - CS 50005 - 92665 Asnires-sur-Seine Cedex , fax ( +33 170 807 204 )
Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE )
The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ( WEEE Directive ) aims to minimise the impact of electrical and electronic goods on the environment , by increasing re-use and recycling and reducing the amount of WEEE going to landfill .
When you purchase from us we will recycle and dispose of your old electrical appliance for free .
If you want us to do this simply take your old product in to a Currys store .
You can find the store closest to your home by clicking on this link .
Value Added Tax Refund ( VAT )
In accordance with Article 151 of Directive 2006/112/EC , product deliveries and services may be exempt from VAT .
Product deliveries and services ordered by persons from the following organizations are exempt from tax :
Product deliveries and services ordered for official use for :
European bodies covered by the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Union
Armed forces of a State that is part of the North Atlantic Treaty ( NATO force )
Product deliveries and services ordered for private use by :
Members of a foreign diplomatic mission
Members of a foreign consular representation
The staff of an international organization ( and members of their families living with them )
To obtain a VAT refund , eligible persons must submit the VAT exemption certificate to Pixmania , duly endorsed by the competent authorities of the country concerned .
Pixmania has chosen to guarantee payment security with WorldPay by encrypting the connection when transmitting information on the network .
When you see the payment sign , you will know that your payment is secure .
The name WorldPay may appear on your bank account statement .
Please note that if our security department suspects fraud , we have the right to cancel the transaction for security reasons .
Pixmania offers 3 methods of payment depending on the product purchased : Credit card ( Debit card , Visa , American Express , Maestro or MasterCard ) , bank transfer and PayPal .
When you pay by credit card , your account will be debited 4 days after the day of your order , on the condition that we have received pre-authorisation for your payement .
If sufficient funds are not available , your order will not be taken into account.For payments made on-line by credit card , the `` Secure Socket Layer '' ( SSL ) is used , which allows your banking information to be encrypted when on the network .
For security reasons , all orders paid by bank card are verified by PIXMANIA .
Complementary information may be requested , or demanded , in order to validate your purchase .
By consequence , and in trying to avoid any delay , when you place your order please enter the following : -a professional or paid-for e-mail address-a land line telephone number ( work or home ) where you can be reached at any time of the day Furthermore , for any order above the amount established by PIXMANIA , a piece of ID as well as proof of address will be requested and should be sent via fax , Post , or e-mail .
We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause ; however , these measures are taken to protect our clients from possible fraud associated with bank cards .
Bank transfer payment : Your payment will be processed when your bank transfer is received .
Once your payment is received we will dispatch your goods .
The processing of off-line payments may take several days .
Right of Withdrawal - Satisfied or your money back
Pixmania allows you 14 calendar days to return a product that you are not satisfied with .
Your right of withdrawal starts from the moment your order is delivered .
You can return the product within this time frame , at your own expense , with a completed and signed returns coupon .
You can fill in your returns coupon in your Pix & I .
We request that you send us the merchandise by registered post and that you purchase insurance with the carrier for the value of the merchandise .
This is necessary should they lose or damage the goods .
Shipping fees remain the customer 's responsibility .
The present right of withdrawal only applies to products that are returned in their original , complete working condition ( packaging , accessories , user guide etc . ) .
Any product that has been damaged , is not in its original packaging , has packaging that has been worn beyond simply opening the product , will not be refunded .
Please note that the right of withdrawal does not apply to unsealed CDs , DVDs , and computer software .
All data stored on a digital support ( memory card , hard drive etc . ) and sent back to Pixmania by the User will not be kept .
The User will be reimbursed via the same payment method as was used initially .
If tests need to be carried out on the product , in the framework of the right of withdrawal , Pixmania will do its best to reimburse the User as quickly as possible .
This time period will depend on the nature of the technical tests performed by the After-Sales Service of your product 's manufacturer , for a maximum period of 21 working days .
For any returned package , please go to your Pix & I space and follow the return instructions .
Please note that products must be returned in France .
Please note that shipping fees are the client 's responsibility , except if the product does not conform to the description of said product ( the client is responsible for any damage done during the shipping of the returned goods ) .
For the period covered under warranty , the client must return the product to PIXMANIA 'S After-Sales Service .
No package will be accepted at the Pixmania head office .
Please note that the workshop may need to delete data stored on your device 's memory card or hard drive in order to repair it .
We therefore advise you to back up important files before sending your product to our After-Sales service for repair .
Pixmania shall not be held responsible for any data loss resulting from repairs .
Several types of warranties are available for the products sold on our website .
All products sold on the Pixmania website come with a legal guarantee concerning product conformity , as outlined in the following legal clauses .
The aforementioned guarantee may be used in conjunction with extended warranties .
Pursuant to the legal guarantee concerning product conformity , Pixmania commits to delivering your order in accordance with the provisions of the concluded sales agreement .
Pixmania will also take responsibility for any latent defects noticed upon delivery .
To comply with the terms of the contract , products must :
1 ) Match the description given on the website .
2 ) Be suitable for the purpose usually associated with such a product , or be suitable with any other purpose required by the customer .
The customer will have informed Pixmania of the required purpose before placing their order , and Pixmania will have formally confirmed the suitability of the product .
3 ) Have the features and purpose that customers would expect from such a product , given the product type and description on the website .
In the case of a lack of conformity , you shall be entitled to have the goods brought into conformity free of charge by repair or replacement .
The legal guarantee concerning product conformity covers all latent defects discovered within 2 years from the date your product was delivered .
Whatever the problem with your product , we recommend you return it with a returns coupon .
The returns coupon may be printed from your Pix & I account .
The legal guarantee concerning product conformity does not apply in some cases :
- when damage is caused by external factors such as shocks , lightning , power surges , rust and sand .
- when damage is caused by the customer 's non-respect of the manufacturer 's instructions regarding the use and installation of the product ,
- when damage is caused by the customer 's misuse of the product
- when the customer is aware of damage to the product at the time of placing their order .
Manufacturers ' warranties for defective products :
In addition to legal guarantees , some products sold on the website come with a manufacturer 's warranty .
Manufacturers ' warranties vary in terms of length and coverage depending on the product and brand .
Manufacturers ' warranties do not cover :
- replacement consumables such as batteries , light bulbs , fuses and recording or playback heads ,
- improper use of the product ,
- damage resulting from repairs performed by non-certified technicians ,
- damage caused by external factors such as accidents , internal or external shocks , lightning , power spikes , rust and sand .
Please read the user manual supplied with your product ( s ) carefully for the exact terms and conditions of the manufacturer 's warranty .
Should the manufacturer not honour the terms of the warranty for any of the aforementioned reasons , Pixmania will not be held responsible .
In cases where the manufacturer 's warranty is not applicable , the manufacturer will provide the customer with an estimate repair fee .
If you would like your product ( s ) to be returned to you by the manufacturer without any repairs being carried out , administration charges may apply .
Should you choose to abandon your product altogether , no additional charges will apply .
You have 3 months to accept or reject the quote and pay the amount due .
If we do not hear from you within this time , we will assume that you have rejected the quote and abandoned your product .
No compensation will be issued .
Our after-sales service will only attempt to send products to customers twice .
If we are unable to deliver your parcel on both occasions , ( i.e . parcel refused , delivery impossible , etc . ) your product will be returned to PIXMANIA 's logistics centre , where you 'll be able to collect it within 3 months .
After this time , we will assume that you have abandoned your product , and PIXMANIA will reserve the right to destroy your item .
No compensation will be issued .
Commercial warranty applicable to ROSE & KARA jewellery
ROSE & KARA jewellery comes with a 2-year commercial warranty that is valid from the date of delivery .
This warranty is free of charge and does not affect your statutory rights .
Pixmania will cover the cost of repairing defects that occur during normal use of the jewellery ( such as a lost stone or a broken post for earrings ) .
During the warranty period , Pixmania will cover the cost of repairing jewellery by a certified centre ( parts and labour ) .
It will also cover the cost of returning jewellery to the customer from the After-Sales service .
However , the customer is responsible for the cost of shipping the jewellery to the After-Sales service .
The commercial warranty does not cover defects that result from :
- the incorrect use of the jewellery ,
- normal wear and tear ,
- an accidental event ,
- an external cause ( such as an impact or the repair of jewellery by an unauthorized third party ) .
To take advantage of the commercial warranty , please return your jewellery to us , along with a duly completed returns coupon .
Returns coupons may be printed from your Pix & I account .
Pixmania will not be held liable for poor use and its consequences on the products purchased from our Site .
Although our products have performance that is compatible with professional usage , Pixmania does not sell products for professional use .
Pixmania service : the Zen Engagement
Independently to the legal guarantees stipulated in the article 12 , Pixmania gives you the opportunity to register for the Zen Engagement .
What is the Zen Engagement ?
Advantages of the Zen Engagement :
If you find your product for less on another website within 7 days of purchase , Pixmania will refund you the difference .
If your product develops a fault within 12 months of purchase , Pixmania will refund the total amount you paid .
You can trade in your old product .
Price matching only applies in the following ranges : CAMERAS , CAMCORDERS , SOUND & VISION , COMPUTING and TELEPHONY ( accessories and consumables not included ) .
The product must be identical , new and cheaper .
The product must include the same accessories and equivalent warranty and the price must be lower exclude shipping fees .
The price of the product is the price displayed ( including V.A.T . ) excluding discounts such as promotional codes , gift vouchers and any other special offers such as stock clearance or sales .
Products from websites based on bidding systems or classified ads placed by individuals and/or products delivered outside of the UK are not included .
Refund if your product develops a fault in the first year :
This service is valid for a year on all faults that are not covered by legal conformity guarantees concerning latent defects .
Only one refund can be issued .
You can use the refunded amount to purchase another item in our website .
The product must be returned to Pixmania in its full , original packaging ( with user guide , cables and CD-ROM , etc . ) , so technical tests can be carried out within 15 days to identify the cause of the fault .
If , after testing , the fault is identified as not being covered by the warranty ( because it shows signs of shock , oxidation , wrong use , etc . ) , no refund will be issued .
An invoice will be issued by the manufacturer ; if you refuse the invoice , you will be requested to pay administration fees .
If you agree to the invoice , you will need to send the required amount to Pixmania by bank transfer .
In the event where your refund request is accepted by our service , the total amount you paid for your order will be credited to your bank account within a few days .
The amount credited will be equal to the value of your product excluding shipping fees .
You can use the credit to purchase any of the products from Pixmania 's catalogue .
- on 0844 369 0372 ( calls charged at a local rate when using a landline phone - From Monday to Friday between 9a.m . and 5p.m . )
Our customer service team will give you all the information you need to return your product .
You can trade in your old product :
If you purchased a product covered by the Zen Engagement , we can take it back and issue a refund .
You can request for your product to be traded in by using the form available in the Pix & I section .
You may not trade in products in the following ranges : accessories , components , spare parts and consumables .
You may only trade in products with a value of over 160 , excluding products that are purchased as part of a promotional pack , bundle or special offer .
Once we have received and checked your request , we will send you an e-mail , authorising you to return your product .
You must then send us your product at your own expense , with all its original accessories .
Pixmania 's customer services team will carry out a technical inspection to see whether your product is in good condition .
A product that is scratched or shows signs of damage or shock will not be traded in and will be returned by Pixmania to the customer at Pixmania 's expense ( return costs from the customer to Pixmania remain at the client 's expense ) .
Following technical testing , we will credit your Bank account with the amount you paid for your order less a certain percentage , so you can purchase a new item .
This percentage is applied in accordance with the table below depending on the type and length of use of the product .
CAMCORDERS VISION COMPUTING SOUND TELEPHONY HOME APPLIANCES
Between 0 and 12 months
60 % 60 % 50 % 50 % 50 % 50 %
Between 13 and 24 months
30 % 30 % 30 % 30 %
Between 25 and 36 months
10 % 10 % 10 % 10 %
Between 37 and 48 months 15 % 15 % 15 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 %
Between 49 and 60 months 10 % 10 % 10 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 %
Over 60 months 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 %
The cost of this service is stated during the ordering process , and depends on the type and price of your product .
Commentary , criticism , communication
Any opinions left by Pixmania Users are screened and moderated by the marketing team.If the comments infringe on the law or are inappropriate ( abusive publicity , defamation , insults , out of context commentary ) , Pixmania reserves the right to refuse or modify it .
Protection of personal data
Since the details you give us are essential for the processing and delivery of orders , for billing and for the establishment of warranty contracts , failure to provide these details will result in the cancellation of your order .
By registering on the Site , you agree to provide us with sincere and true information as it concerns you .
Communicating false information is contrary to the present General Conditions as well as the conditions of use listed on the Site .
In accordance with the `` Data processing and Freedoms '' law , the processing of your details was the subject of a declaration made before the CNIL ( French data protection watchdog ) .
Pixmania is authorised to extract , handle and use information that concerns you.This information is the subject of computer processing .
This activity is strictly regulated : The file must be declared to the CNIL under the number 1304390 .
You have the permanent right to access and rectify all the information that concerns you , in accordance with European texts and national laws in place ( article 34 of the law of 6 January 1978 ) .
You can at any time make a request to Pixmania to find out what personal information they have concerning you .
You may at any time , and by request , modify this information .
Only Pixmania has information regarding you .
If you accepted during registration on the Site , Pixmania and its contractual partners may send you information concerning particular and occasional promotions .
You may at any time request not to receive any further e-mails from us by clicking here or on the link created for this purpose and inserted at the bottom of each page of our or our partners ' emails .
Pixmania 's partners have been specially chosen by Pixmania and are recognised for the quality of their products and services .
We would like to remind you that cookies record certain information stored on your hard drive .
This information enables us to generate statistics based on data from visitors to our site and suggest products that might interest you according to the items that you selected when you previously visited the site .
Before any information is recorded , an alert message will ask you whether you would like to enable cookies , and you may refuse if you wish .
Cookies do not contain any confidential information about you .
All the content on the Pixmania site ( illustrations , texts , names , brand names , images and videos ) is the property of Pixmania , its co-contractors or partners .
Any partial or total reproduction of this content , by any means and on any support , is subject to prior and express authorisation by Pixmania .
All information , content , files and software offered by our services is protected by French and International law concerning intellectual ownership and copyright .
Pixmania can not give you the right to copy , display or distribute content that you do not have the intellectual rights to .
All fraudulent use of this content that violates the rights held by a third party constitutes an offence of forgery , which is severely punished under the Intellectual Property Code .
Pixmania will not , under any circumstances , be held responsible if a user violates rights held by a third party through his activities on the site .
Pixmania offers two different extended warranties :
3-year commercial extended warranties prolong the validity period of the manufacturer 's warranty by one or two years , meaning your product is under warranty for 3 years as opposed to 1 or 2 years as with the manufacturer 's warranty .
5-year extended warranties prolong the validity period of the manufacturer 's warranty by 2 , 3 or 4 years , meaning your product is under warranty for 5 years as opposed to 1 , 2 or 3 years as with the manufacturer 's warranty .
The price of extended warranties depends on the type of product and its value .
If your product develops a fault , extended warranties will cover the costs of labour , parts and shipping fees incurred for repair .
In cases where the product can not be repaired , Pixmania will offer an exchange with an equivalent product or refund the amount you paid .
The validity of extended warranties ends as soon as a refund is issued .
The following cases are not covered by extended warranties :
- deterioration resulting from modification or adjustments ( other than those required for the product to operate ) made to the product without the written authorisation of the manufacturer ;
- fees related to periodical maintenance , repair and replacement of parts following ordinary wear and tear ;
- broken and damaged accessories ;
- deterioration resulting from incorrect use , including :
a ) inappropriate use of the product or non respect of the manufacturer 's instructions on how to use and maintain the product ;
b ) improper or wrong installation of software .
- damages originating from repairs carried out by non certified technicians or by users themselves ;
- damages caused by accidents , lightning , floods , insufficient air flow or any other reason for which the manufacturer is not responsible ;
- damages resulting from faults in the system where the product has been incorporated .
Extended warranties are not valid if the model or the serial number of the product has been modified .

Planet Minecraft : Privacy Policy
We here at Planet Minecraft greatly respect your privacy and we hope that our users feel that the information they share with us is 100 % secure and private .
Here are the guidelines we follow at Planet Minecraft to ensure your privacy and our integrity :
We will never share your email with third parties .
It will only be used for account activation & occasional Planet Minecraft important news & announcements which you can opt out of .
The Planet Minecraft staff will NEVER ask for your password .
If someone does ask for your password or other info , please immediately notify us .
We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
This web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that Planet Minecraft is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on the news so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users by way of an e-mail .
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
Planet Minecraft will never , under any circumstances give away or display your IP address to third parties .
Additionally , Planet Minecraft will never sell or transmit e-mail addresses or any other personal identifiers to 3rd parties .
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy , please do not hesitate to Contact Us ! Thank you for your cooperation .
All rights reserved .
All creations copyright of the creators .
Minecraft is copyright Mojang AB and is not affiliated with this site .
Get the game !

We at Planned Parenthood Federation of America , Inc .
( `` PPFA '' or `` Planned Parenthood '' ) want this site to be a safe and private place for users .
We will do our part by not requiring you to register or provide any information at all to use most sections and features of this Web site .
In turn , you can do your part by reading this policy and taking the steps outlined below .
There are certain actions and areas of the site that will require you to provide personal information , such as :
becoming a member of our activist network
sending an e-mail question
applying for a part-time , full-time , or volunteer position
Any time you provide personal information , this privacy policy will govern our use of the information you have provided .
By submitting personal information to us , you agree that we may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy .
We will update this privacy policy as we deem necessary .
You should be sure to reread this policy in its entirety from time to time .
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
In order to gain access to certain areas of our site or to use certain features , you may choose to provide personal information .
If you do submit information to us , we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted .
We may also use your information in other ways , such as to contact you about other Planned Parenthood activities and/or fundraising campaigns or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection , and we may share your information with other organizations .
If you make an online donation to us , your information will be added to one or more of our supporter lists and databases , and you will be contacted about other Planned Parenthood activities , news , and/or fundraising campaigns .
If you join or opt-in to our activist network , you will receive informational updates and action alerts about reproductive health and rights issues .
Our activist network is an electronic network , and therefore we need an e-mail address to contact you .
We also need your full postal address in order for our systems to match you to the correct state and federal districts , thereby ensuring that you are primarily sending messages to your designated elected officials .
If you use our website to submit your resume or materials for a paid or volunteer position , your information will be stored in a centralized database and may be accessible to other Planned Parenthood entities , including our separately incorporated affiliates , who may be seeking candidates for full-time , part-time , or volunteer positions .
We also may provide opportunities for you to submit additional personal information , such as Website feedback .
By submitting this information to us , you give us permission to receive it , review it , edit it , store it , post it on our Web site , and use it in appropriate settings designed to illustrate the importance of reproductive health and rights .
To protect your privacy , please do not include any identifying information in your submissions .
You should be aware that we use third-party vendors to provide services on this site and in our offline business operations .
The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services ( such as maintaining our databases , sending e-mail messages to activists or supporters , facilitating our fundraising activities and campaigns , or processing credit card transactions ) on our behalf .
Other than as described in this privacy policy , or as may be necessary to protect the rights , property , and safety of our organization , our clients , or others , or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law , we will not give or sell the personal information you provide online .
We also reserve the right to share personal information you provide with legal authorities if it is , in our sole opinion , necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected fraud , situations involving threats or potential harm , or if required by law ( such as by a subpoena , court order , or other legal means ) .
Financial Information You Choose to Provide
If you choose to make an online donation , you will have to provide your credit card billing information .
As this information is collected and transferred over the Internet to our secure server , it is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology , the industry standard security technology that is designed to protect sensitive information .
Our donation pages display the Verisign Secure Site Seal to assure you that our Web site is authentic and that all transactions are secured by SSL encryption .
If you are making a donation , the credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be used for any other purposes .
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
As is true of most Web sites , we automatically collect and store some information about your computer and your visit and store it in log files .
This information includes information such as your computer 's ( or your ISP 's ) Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( this is not your e-mail address ) ; the domain from which you access the Internet ( e.g. , `` verizon.net '' or `` Stanford.edu '' ) ; the name , version , and specifications of your computer and your computer 's operating system ; the Internet address of the Web site , if any , from which you came to our site ; the date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent on the site ; and which pages you visited .
We use this information to formulate statistics ( possibly with the help of outside experts ) that show the number of visitors to the different sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors .
For example , we use the browser information to help us design our Web site so that as many people as possible will be able to view the pages correctly .
These statistics do not reveal personal information .
Cookies are small text files that are either placed on your computer 's hard drive ( `` persistent cookies '' ) or in your computer 's Random Access Memory ( `` session cookies '' ) .
We use both persistent cookies and session cookies for various sections of our Websites .
Session Cookies : We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate certain sections of our Web site .
If you choose to provide personal information by using an interactive application on our site , such as by joining our e-mail list , or registering with our activist network , or making an online donation or asking a question , we place a session cookie on your computer so that you will be recognized as you move around our Web pages .
Unless you opt-in to change these session cookies to persistent cookies ( see `` Persistent Cookies '' below ) , the information is only used for the duration of your browser session .
For example , if you join our activist network and then navigate through different pages of our Web site , the cookie will maintain the information you entered when you filled out the activist registration page .
As you move through the site , any fields requiring information about you that has already been captured will be pre-populated .
However , once you close your browser window , the session cookie times out .
If you open a new browser window and return to our Web site , your personal information fields will not be pre-populated .
Persistent Cookies : We use persistent cookies in some sections of our Website to provide greater accuracy in our analysis of the information that is automatically collected about your visit to our site .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
These cookies do not collect personal information .
We do not link the information collected through these cookies with other personal data that you provide to us .
In certain circumstances , you may be given the option to turn a session cookie into a persistent cookie on your computer ( e.g. , `` Would you like us to remember your password ? '' messages ) .
If you opt to turn a session cookie into a persistent cookie , that persistent cookie will remember your personal information ( e.g. , user name and password ) and will not time out at the end of your browser session .
See `` Your Help is Needed '' for more information .
Disabling Cookies : Persistent cookies leave a record on your computer that you have visited our site .
However , you have the ability to remove cookies from your computer .
Your Internet browser 's `` Help '' section will give you information on how to delete cookies .
In addition , there are many Web sites that provide browser- and operating system-specific information on how to delete cookies .
When thinking about whether you want to delete cookies , you should be aware that some sites require cookies to function properly .
If you delete cookies , you may have to re-register with some sites or you may notice difficulty in browsing some sites after you delete cookies .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons
We employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not link the information gathered through clear gifs with other personal data that you provide to us .
From time to time , we may run online advertisements on third-party Web sites to attract visitors to our site or to alert our supporters to special opportunities .
Our advertising partners may use cookies and clear GIFs on this site and on the third-party sites on which our ads appear , which allow the advertising partner to track certain information about user behavior , such as `` click-stream data . ''
Any use of information by an advertising partner would be governed by their terms of use and privacy policy , so be sure to be familiar with these policies prior to responding to online advertisements .
Information submitted via the Internet , including through a web page or e-mail is subject to interception or incorrect routing , and the Internet is not a fully secure communications channel .
Please consider this prior to submitting any information to us via this web site .
Certain sections of this site have heightened security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information you have provided .
The security measures used on this site include , but are not limited to , industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology , Verisign certificates , firewalls , and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data .
While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 percent secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
When you register with or donate to us , or become a member of our supporter community through this Website , you will have a personal subscription management page , where you will be able to edit your personal information , as well as review your messaging , advocacy , and/or donation records .
Access to your personal subscription management page is controlled to protect the privacy of your data our Web site requires that you log on with your e-mail address and personal password to access your personal subscription management page .
The log-on process may be automated if you choose to accept the placement of a persistent cookie on your PC .
See `` Use of Cookies '' and `` Your Help Is Needed '' for more information on persistent cookies .
Remember , breaches of security also can occur when users are not vigilant in protecting their own information .
The next section of our privacy policy suggests some actions you can take to help control the security of your personal information .
Your Help Is Needed
Although we do our best to protect your privacy on our sites , we need your help .
You have control over your own privacy .
Think carefully before providing any personal or financial information online .
Although this site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information you have provided , no e-mail or Web transmission is completely secure against interception .
If you are worried because your communication is very sensitive , do not send it electronically .
When you write to us or send us submissions , if you desire to remain anonymous , you should not tell us your name , the names of other users , or of your friends .
To fully protect your privacy , you should try to keep out any information that you think may identify you or others .
Remember that we can not protect your privacy once you leave our site , such as by `` hyperlink . ''
So when you visit other Web sites , check each one 's privacy policy yourself , and be careful about the information you submit or share .
You should be aware that in some areas of this site we utilize personalization measures designed to make your site experience more enjoyable ( i.e. , personalized links in e-mail that allow data fields to be pre-populated with certain personal information ) .
We need your help to protect the information embedded in these links .
You should always keep your e-mail account information secure and not allow others to access your e-mail account .
In addition , you should only forward our e-mail messages or other Website information ( such as volunteer or job postings ) to others through the buttons or links provided within the e-mail or Website .
When you use your e-mail system 's forwarding capabilities , others may be able to take actions in your name and/or access your personal information .
You may be given the option to turn on a persistent cookie on your computer ( see `` Use of Cookies '' above ) .
Remember that once you have set a persistent cookie that is linked to your personal information , anyone can access your personal information by using your computer .
In addition to the records left on your computer by cookies , your browser and operating system contain other records of your Web browsing and other actions ( e.g. , browser history ) .
As with cookies , you can find information about how to clear these history trails in your browser 's `` Help '' section or through other Web sites that provide detailed information for each browser and operating system .
See `` Use of Cookies Disabling Cookies '' above .
How to Unsubscribe or Contact Us About Your Information
If you do not want to receive any e-mail from us in the future , visit your personal subscription management page to deactivate your account .
Note that your records will remain in Planned Parenthood 's databases , but your log-in and e-mail address will be deactivated .
If you wish to review the contact information we have on file for you , correct your contact information or provide a change of address , or inform us how you wish your contact information to be used , please contact our staff ( see below ) .
You may contact us by mail , e-mail , or telephone , as follows :
Mail : Member Services , PPFA , 434 West 33rd Street , New York , NY 10001
Policy Last Updated : January 15 , 2009
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes here , so that you are continually aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
2009 Planned Parenthood Federation of America .
All rights reserved .
`` Planned Parenthood '' and its logo of nested `` Ps '' are registered service marks of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , Inc .

What PNC Does with your Personal Information
The PNC Financial Services Group , Inc .
( `` PNC '' ) family of companies is committed to treating and using personal financial information about you responsibly .
The PNC Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect , why we collect it , how we protect it , and how and why in certain cases we may share it among PNC companies or with select other parties .
We also tell you how to exercise your personal information sharing and use choices .
View or Print the PNC Privacy Policy .
Ver o imprimir la poltica de privacidad en espaol .
This policy is effective 06/01/2013 and may be amended from time to time
PNC will post online any changes to the PNC Privacy Policy and the PNC Website Customer Information Privacy Policy on or before the effective date of such changes .
You will be able to determine the date of the last change by noting the revision ( Rev . ) date of the policy .
If you have already notified us of your information sharing preferences , you do not need to notify us again .
To limit our sharing , you can :
Call 1-800-762-2118 - our menu will prompt you through your choice ( s ) .
Online Banking Customers - simply sign-on at pnc.com then go to Customer Service - Privacy Preferences to make your choice ( s ) .
If you are not currently a PNC Online Banking customer , you may click here to `` Get Started '' and enroll .
Website Customer Information Privacy Policy
This Website policy is effective 01/01/2011 and may be amended from time to time .
We respect the privacy of our customers and are committed to protecting their information on our Web sites with the same care we utilize for all PNC transactions .
PNC does not automatically collect personal information from visitors to its Web sites .
PNC does use tools , such as cookies or click stream auditing , for our own internal uses , such as recommending products and services and gathering Web analytics .
Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site stores on a visitor 's Web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site .
PNC does not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies .
PNC uses cookies to enhance our customers ' online banking session by making navigation easier and providing important security features .
For certain applications , such as Online Banking , cookies are a requirement because they help protect the privacy of a customer 's transactions by , for example , automatically terminating the online session if the customer forgets to log out .
Click stream auditing includes information such as a web surfer 's IP address , web pages which have been viewed or acted upon by a web surfer , date and time , domain type , and when a web surfer has responded to an advertisement .
We may occasionally combine this information with individual information on an aggregate level to determine the effectiveness of our advertising .
Cookies can not be used to capture your e-mail address , obtain data from your hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you .
Additionally , cookies can not be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie .
Some Web sites , however , use cookies to obtain information from your browser .
You can set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie , so that you can control whether you accept or reject a cookie .
Please click on Controlling Cookies for more information .
We use third party advertising and media companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications .
Through the use of cookies and Action Tags ( commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags ) , which are inserted in various places within our Web site , such third party companies may collect anonymous information about your visits to the PNC site and your interaction with our ads and content .
For instance , they may keep track of how many of our ads you had seen on other web sites before visiting our Web site .
These third party companies have a network of advertising companies , such as PNC , and may share such anonymous information about your visits to pnc.com and other Web sites with us , and may use it in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you and which would be relevant to you , based on your browsing on pnc.com .
From time to time , we may also share anonymous information with such third party companies in an aggregate form , for purposes of analysis and improvement of our Web site .

Last updated February 12 , 2013
Welcome to Pokmon !
Pokmon respects the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting all information that you may choose to share with us .
The policies below are applicable to the Pokmon network of sites , including pokemon.com ( including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device ) ; all email newsletters published or distributed by Pokmon ; all apps published by Pokmon , whether for tablets , smart TVs , video game consoles , social media platforms , mobile devices or other platforms ; and all other interactive features , services , and communications provided by Pokmon ( Sites ) , however accessed and/or used , that are operated by us , made available by us , or produced and maintained by Pokmon ( collectively Pokmon or we , us , or our ) .
We have established this privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to these Sites , why we gather your information , what we use your personal information for , when we might disclose your personal information , and how you can manage your personal information .
We also recognize the need to provide additional protections for children who visit our Sites .
To learn about our supplemental privacy protections for kids under the age of 13 , click here to read Pokmon 's Kids Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy and the certification seal shown on this page confirms that Pokmon is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
The ESRB 's Privacy Online Program is designed to ensure that our pokemon.com website information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and all of our pokemon.com website have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our pokemon.com website and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB .
Pokmon is a self-certified member of the U.S. Department of Commerce 's EU Safe Harbor privacy program jointly established to comply with the European Commission 's 1998 Directive on Data Protection and The U.S. Department of Commerce 's Swiss Safe Harbor privacy program jointly established to comply with the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection .
What information does this Privacy Policy cover ?
What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests ?
How is your personally identifiable information used and shared ?
How long does Pokemon keep your personally identifiable information ?
What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information ?
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information ?
How can you update your personal information and profile ?
How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy ?
How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy ?
What information does this Privacy Policy cover
This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information collected on the Sites where this Privacy Policy is posted , and , unless Pokmon specifies otherwise in writing , does not apply to any other information collected by Pokmon through any other means .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online , and does not apply to information that may be collected by Pokmon offline .
This Privacy Policy applies only to Sites maintained by Pokmon , and not to our international affiliates , or any website maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link .
Pokmon is therefore not responsible for the content or activities provided on those website websites .
This Privacy Policy applies to use and sharing of personal information collected as of the date this Privacy Policy is posted .
Finally , the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws .
What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests
We do n't require personal information to access our Sites .
However , if you prefer not to disclose personal information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our Sites .
Personal information is information that identifies you and may be used to contact you .
Information You Provide to Us
We receive information from our guests and , with our guests ' consent , from third parties such as Pokmon Organized Play ( `` POP '' ) tournament organizers .
We collect personal information directly from our guests when they :
create an account for Pokmon 's Sites
link an account from one of Pokmon 's Sites with an account from another site operated by Pokmon or an affiliate of Pokmon
participate in games , reward programs , contests , sweepstakes , events , or promotions
send questions , correspond with us via e-mail concerning their participation in POP or request customer support
participate in polls , surveys , or questionnaires
use our Email-a-Friend feature
provide us with business information , such as when they apply for or have a special role in POP ( such as Pokmon professors or league or tournament organizers ) or seek employment
Typically , this information includes :
personal first and last name
address and location based information ( where necessary for the provision of services )
Additionally , we may also collect other types of non-personal information ( known as demographic information ) such as your age , gender , the country where you live , dates of birth , hobbies , and toy and game ownership preferences .
This demographic information may be associated with your personal information .
Business Information ( Including Pokmon Professor , League or Tournament Organizer Applications )
When you apply to be or serve as a POP organizer , you agree that we may use any personal information submitted to or collected by us may be used for any lawful business purpose .
We may share this personal information with independent third parties who run POP events so that they can contact the POP organizers about participating in those events and other POP matters .
These independent third parties may not have agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy .
You should ask about such third parties ' privacy policies .
Any personal information submitted to us on-line by job applicants , and by persons specifying that they are submitting personal information in a business capacity , will be used solely for its intended purpose .
Information Collected Through Technology
We collect information through technology to make our Sites more interesting and useful to you .
For example , when you come to one of our Sites , we collect your IP address .
An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet Service Provider ) , your company , or your university .
At times , we also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our Sites .
We may combine this information with personally identifiable information .
We may collect and store your device 's source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the Sites .
Advertisements and certain content could be directed to you as a result of this data .
In addition , in some cases the Sites can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature .
If you enable that feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device which will be used by the Sites to serve you certain content tied to your location .
If you elect to have your location-based searches saved to your history , we will store such information on our servers ( collectively , all location based information collected by Pokmon is Location Information ) .
You always may disable these features or withdraw your consent to providing your Location Information .
However , if you prefer not to disclose Location Information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our Sites .
Our Sites also use cookies .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Site .
We and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes .
For example , when you return to one of our Sites after logging in , cookies provide information to the Site so that the Site will remember who you are .
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off all cookies .
You can do this through your browser ( like Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer ) settings .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies .
If you turn cookies off , you wo n't have access to many features that make your experience smoother , like the features mentioned above , and some of our services may not function properly .
Web Beacons and Log Files
Our Sites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons .
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of various sites .
We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Sites , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites .
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf .
Our Sites use log files to record which pages visitors to our site accessed , how long they stayed on the site , where they came from and other data .
We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests to determine whether our guests have opened those e-mails or clicked on links in those e-mails .
The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable .
Finally , once you 've clicked on an advertisement or other link and have left our Sites , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the host of that site to see how your personal information will be handled on their site .
How is your personally identifiable information used and shared
We do n't share , sell , or rent your personal information to third parties without your prior consent .
We do n't require personal information to access our Sites .
However , if you prefer not to disclose personal information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our Sites .
Whatever the purpose may be , we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives .
Pokmon Online Tools and Events
For example , if you register on our Sites , your information will be used to provide you the benefits associated with registration , including the ability to create a Trainer Image and to earn Trainer Tokens .
In addition , if you participate in a game , contest , sweepstakes , or other similar event ( `` promotion '' ) , the information provided in connection with the promotion will be used to determine your entry eligibility , to contact you with the results , and for prize fulfillment purposes .
If you are 13 and older , we will post your full name or first name and last initial ( as you direct us ) and your state and country on the appropriate Site ( s ) with your Player Ranking .
If you are under 13 , then your parent or guardian can choose to post your username , full name , or first name and last initial in the Player Rankings .
In most cases , these are independent third parties and not Pokmon employees .
They 've agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy , but Pokmon can not guarantee that these independent third parties will safeguard your personal information .
If you do n't want your personal information shared with independent third parties who run offline POP events , then do n't apply to participate in the POP tournament ratings and rankings portion of our site .
If you register for access to our message boards or chat rooms , we will use your personal information to enable you to view and post messages on the boards .
However , you should understand that community forums and message boards are tools that allow you to communicate with members of the online community .
That 's why whenever you give out personal information online in public areas , that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
We may also use your personal information for other purposes such as `` Operational Uses . ''
For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Sites , including any future changes to this Privacy Policy .
If you have selected to receive online marketing communications from our site , your personal information may be used to send you marketing material about our products and services .
Pokmon may share your personal information with outside entities hired to assist with internal Site support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , email services , or technical support ) .
We also provide postal addresses to delivery service companies for delivery purposes .
In the course of providing such services , these companies may have access to your personally identifying information .
These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us .
Transfer of Personal Information from Application to Pokmon
To the extent that you have installed a Pokmon application on your device , except as disclosed below , the personal information collected by the application remains on the application and is not provided to Pokmon .
Pokmon will have access to your personal information or your personal information will be transferred to Pokmon 's servers in any of the following circumstances :
Pokmon may also access certain data from the application , including without limitation the user supplied information and device information , for statistical analysis .
All such data has been anonymized prior to Pokmon 's collection and storage .
Use of Your Location Information
We may only use and share your Location Information in conjunction with our right described in Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Sites and Others below and to :
Customize the default country and default language to show you the products and services in your chosen language and country .
Provide you with the products and services you request .
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites , including providing you recommendations based on your preferences .
Personalize your newsletters , offers and promotions for our products and services , third party products and services , or special events .
Personalize the advertising you receive , including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications .
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations .
Detect , investigate , and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal .
Perform statistical , demographic , and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns .
Finally , we may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information .
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
In the event of a merger , sale of assets , acquisition , dissolution , reorganization , bankruptcy , change of control or other similar event , your personally identifiable information may be transferred to our successor or assign , if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law , or if we sell one or more of our businesses , your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the sale .
If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Sites and Others
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to : enforce our Terms of Use ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of our Sites or third parties .
How Long Does Company Keep Your Personally Identifiable Information
Pokmon will keep your personal information so long as you have an account with Pokmon , provided , however , that Pokmon will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete any personal information collected by Pokmon that is no longer relevant to your use of the Sites or the Services offered by Pokmon .
To the extent that you have installed a Pokmon application on your device , Pokmon will keep your personal information within such application for so long as you keep the application on your device .
What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information
As mentioned above , you have control over the personal information you submit to us .
If at any time you decide to remove your personal information from our database , you may do so by doing the following :
If you contact us , please include the name of the Sites you used to register and the email address you used to register with us so we can verify your request .
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information
The security and confidentiality of your personal information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use .
To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information , we limit access to only those employees performing a legitimate business function ; maintain information collected online behind a firewall-protected server ; verify your identity by asking you for an email address or by other means ; store your personal information on servers separate from other corporate information and systems ; and notify you by email if we learn that a breach has occurred .
We also collect personal information from you only on SSL-protected ( encrypted ) web pages and it is transmitted over the Internet only through an SSL-protected ( encrypted ) channel .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
However , please understand that , despite our best efforts , no security measure is perfect or impenetrable .
How can you update your personal information and profile
You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration ( that is , your e-mail address or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you ) , as follows :
If you contact us , please include the name of the Sites you used to register and the email address you used to register with us so we can verify your request .
How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about a Privacy Policy posted on one of our Sites , you can contact us as follows :
Attn . : Privacy Policy Administrator
333 108th Avenue , NE
Bellevue , WA 98004
fax your inquiry to +1 ( 425 ) 274-1041 .
Pokmon is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
Please note that the ESRB is not affiliated with Pokmon and can not help you with non-privacy-related issues .
Attn . : Privacy Online Program
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017
Your California Privacy Rights
Since 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We do not share our customer 's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes .
For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy , please send us an e-mail or write us at the address above .
How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , or share your personal information , we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us , or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Sites covered by this Privacy Policy .
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective 30 days following our dispatch of an email notice to you or 30 days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Sites covered by this Privacy Policy .
Please note that , at all times , you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current email address .
If the last email address that you have provided us is not valid , or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
Supplemental Kids Privacy Policy
Last updated February 12 , 2013
OUR ADDITIONAL PRIVACY COMMITMENT TO KIDS AND THEIR PARENTS
Pokmon has developed its Sites with the goal of creating an enjoyable experience for all users .
This Kids Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions regarding our privacy policies and principles with respect to children under the age of 13 .
Building on our general Privacy Policy , we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections when children visit the Sites on which this Kids ' Privacy Policy is posted .
We explain those additional protections in this Kids ' Privacy Policy .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( `` COPPA '' ) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age ; and that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Sites .
Below we explain how we do that for these `` kids . ''
Also , when we use the term `` parent '' below , we mean to include legal guardians .
What types of information do we collect about kids ?
How do we use and share the personally identifiable information that we collect from kids ?
How do we notify and obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their kids ?
How can parents access , change or delete personally identifiable information about their kids ?
How will we notify parents if our Kids ' Privacy Policy changes ?
What types of information do we collect about kids ?
Kids can surf Pokmon 's Sites , view content , and enjoy many features without any personal information being collected .
We do n't collect personal information from kids while they use our Sites unless they register on Pokmon 's Sites .
We receive information from our guests and , with our guests ' consent , from third parties such as Pokmon Organized Play ( `` POP '' ) tournament organizers .
We collect personal information directly from kids to :
create an account for Pokmon 's Sites
link an account from one of Pokmon 's Sites with an account from another website operated by Pokmon or an affiliate of Pokmon
participate in games , reward programs , contests , sweepstakes , events , or promotions
send questions , correspond with us via e-mail concerning their participation in POP or request customer support
participate in polls , surveys , or questionnaires
use our Email-a-Friend feature
Typically , this information includes :
personal first and last name
address and location based information ( where necessary for the provision of services )
We may collect demographic information ( date of birth , gender , and preferences ) and combine it with the child 's personal information .
Pokmon will only collect this information if this information is provided by the parent or with the parent 's consent .
Note that all commercial sites directed to children under 13 are prohibited by U.S. law from conditioning a kid 's participation in an online activity on the kid 's providing more personal information than is reasonably necessary .
As a result , Pokemon will not collect more personal information than is reasonably necessary .
Finally , we may collect demographic information about a kid .
For example , if a kid participates in a survey , we may collect those responses .
Among them , we may collect age , gender , hobbies , interests or other demographic information about gaming and preferences , and the country where a kid lives .
We also use some passive technologies , including cookies and web beacons , to monitor traffic on our Sites .
This demographic information may be associated with a kid 's personal information that Pokemon has collected in accordance with law .
How do we use and share the personally identifiable information that we collect from kids ?
We may collect personal information from parents to allow kids to participate in certain activities offered on our Sites and within our kids ' subscription products .
These activities may include participating in games , reward programs , contests , sweepstakes , events or other promotions .
We may use your child 's information provided by the parent or with the parent 's consent to allow your child to send questions or request customer support .
We may also use that information to participate in polls , surveys or questionnaires .
We may also use that information to send your child email and messages with promotional information about new products and features , special offers , contests and sweepstakes and other interesting events concerning new products , events and other information about Pokmon .
You may always opt-out of having your child receive these promotional messages .
We may also use your child 's information provided by the parent or with the parent 's consent to allow use of other website features including sending e-mail message to `` tell-a-friend '' and may in the future permit canned chat where a kid is able to select words from a list prepared by Pokmon to send messages to other site users .
If a parent allows us to collect personal information about their kid , we may link certain information collected through technology ( see the `` Information Collected Through Technology '' section of A2 of our General Privacy Policy ) to that personal information .
Until we receive verifiable parental consent , the contact information gathered from a kid is used only to obtain consent to our information collection practices from their parents .
Finally , so long as we have received parental consent , we may use a kid 's personal and demographic information for our other business purposes , such as record keeping , transaction fulfillment , and to study ways to better improve our services .
If a child wins a sweepstakes , contest or other promotional event , we notify the parent at the email address provided to us during the registration process , and request that the parent provide his or her postal address for purposes of delivering the prize .
So long as we have obtained the appropriate consent , we may publish a winner 's first name , city , and state of residence on our Sites .
As parent or guardian , you can choose to post your child 's username , full name , or first name and last initial , in the Player Rankings .
In most cases , these are independent third parties and not Pokmon employees .
They 've agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy , but Pokmon can not guarantee that these independent third parties will safeguard your child 's personal information .
If you do n't want your child 's personal information shared with independent third parties who run offline POP events , then do n't allow your child to participate in the POP tournament ratings and rankings portion of our Sites .
With parental consent , Pokmon may share kids ' personal information as necessary with outside entities hired to assist with internal website and support operations ( e.g. , online product fulfillment , email services , or technical support ) .
These entities have agreed to maintain confidentiality , security , and integrity of all the personal information they obtain from us and will abide by this privacy policy .
We do not share any information about a child with any third parties unless the disclosure is reasonably necessary to :
comply with law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena ;
enforce our Terms of Service , or Sites or game/promotion rules ;
in connection with the purchase or sale of assets , a merger , reorganization , bankruptcy or similar corporate transaction ; or
protect the safety and security of our Guests and our Sites .
How do we notify and obtain consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their kids ?
When a child under the age of 13 attempts to register with our Sites , we send their parent an e-mail notifying them that their child would like to register , and asking them to visit our Sites to grant consent for their child to register .
If the parent ignores or refuses to register their child , we will delete all contact information from our database within 14 days of such notice .
If the parent permits the registration , their child will be granted access to the features described in the notification e-mail .
How can parents access , change or delete personally identifiable information about their kids ?
At any time , a parent can contact our customer service department to access , change or delete the personal information that we have collected from his or her kid as follows :
Please include the kid-member 's name and the parent 's e-mail address in the e-mail so that we can better assist you with your inquiry or request .
How will we notify parents if our Kids ' Privacy Policy changes ?
We may amend our Kids ' Privacy Policy at any time .
We will provide parents notice by e-mail of any material changes in the way we intend to collect , use , or share kids ' personal information .
Please note that , at all times , parents should update their personal information to provide us current e-mail addresses .
We will apply material changes in our Kids ' Privacy Policy only in conformance with applicable law , including any parental consent requirements .

Glass Viruses And Other Amazing Images From This Week
Documenting The Lives of Tigers
New York Botanical Garden Digitizes Biodiversity History
+ More Photo Galleries
Bonnier Corporation Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on October 4 , 2010 .
At Bonnier Corporation , your privacy is important to us .
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products , services , and websites offered by Bonnier Corporation and its subsidiaries or affiliated companies ( collectively , `` Bonnier '' ) .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Bonnier .
Bonnier adheres to the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor framework and the privacy principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access , and Enforcement .
For more information on the framework , please visit the Safe Harbor website .
460 N. Orlando Avenue , Suite 200
Winter Park , FL 32789
An overview of the information that Bonnier may collect
You are able to take advantage of many Bonnier products , services , and websites without providing any information that personally identifies you .
We only collect personally-identifying information when you voluntarily submit it to us .
Sometimes , we need personally-identifying information in order to provide you with the products and services that you request .
Depending upon the product or service , we may ask you for a variety of personally-identifying information .
This might include , for example , your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , gender , and birth date .
We may also ask for other information about you , such as your credit card information ( when you are making a purchase ) , interests , income , or education level .
We consider certain identifying information `` sensitive . ''
This includes your credit card number , income level , or any other information that would normally be considered confidential .
You may choose not to provide us with any personally-identifying information .
In that case , you can still access and use many portions of our websites ; however , you will not be able to access and use those portions of any Bonnier website that require your personal information .
Many Bonnier websites include community features , such as online forums and message boards .
Information that is posted in these areas becomes public information and the use that any third party makes of this information is beyond our ability to control .
You should exercise caution before disclosing any personally-identifying information in these public venues .
If you elect to submit content that includes information that can be used to identify you , you must assume that the content can and will be displayed on any website on the Internet .
At some Bonnier sites and through certain promotions , you can submit personally-identifying information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card ; or , if you order a gift online or offline and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
Some Bonnier websites also provide referral services to help you inform a friend about our websites , products , or services .
The types of personally-identifying information that we collect about other people at pages like these may include the person 's name , address , e-mail address , or telephone number .
We will only ask you for the information about your friend that we need in order to do what you request .
In some circumstances , we also collect non-personally-identifying information .
When you visit a Bonnier website , we may collect information such as the type of browser you use , your operating system , your IP address , and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider .
This information , by itself , does not permit individual identification , meaning that you will remain anonymous .
However , if you elect to provide us with personally-identifying information during your visit , that information may be linked to your IP address .
When you visit our websites , we may send one or more cookies . small , removable data files . to your computer .
We use cookies to uniquely identify your browser , which allows us to enhance and personalize your online experience at Bonnier websites .
For example , cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to a website and present relevant content to you when you visit .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , but you can configure your browser to warn you when cookies are sent , or to refuse all cookies .
Some of the features and services of Bonnier websites may not operate properly if your cookies are disabled .
Cookies , by themselves , do not provide us with any personally-identifying information .
On our websites , we may also use tiny graphic images called pixel tags , web beacons , or clear gifs .
These tiny images help us to analyze our users ' online behavior and collect other data , such as page views or advertising responses .
Pixel tags also allow us to send you e-mail in a format that you can read , and let us know when you have opened an e-mail message from us .
Pixel tags may also be used to deliver cookies .
Some of our websites also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit .
These companies may use non-personally-identifying information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We work with reputable third parties that provide data tracking and collection technologies in order to :
- Present or serve the advertisements you may see at Bonnier websites ;
- Deliver and track e-mail communications ;
- Process purchase orders through e-commerce transactions ;
- Fulfill print and digital subscription orders ; and
- Provide marketing leads to third-party organizations ( where you have agreed to allow us to do so ) .
These companies may collect information about you on our behalf .
We require that these parties agree to process any such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
Bonnier websites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties .
By virtue of their sponsorship , these third parties may obtain personally-identifying information that visitors voluntarily submit to them in order to participate in the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion .
Bonnier has no control over the third-party sponsors ' use of this information .
If a third-party sponsor beyond our control will obtain information that you supply us , we will notify you at the time we collect the information from you .
For certain promotions , only those who provide us with the requested personally-identifying information will be able to order products , programs , and services , or otherwise participate in the promotion 's activities and offerings .
Some of our websites contain links to other sites .
By clicking on these links , you will leave the website operated by Bonnier and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply .
These other sites ' information practices may be different than ours .
You should consult the other sites ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
How we use the information we collect
We use the personally-identifying information that you provide us to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about offerings , and to offer you other products , programs , or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We may syndicate the publicly available content of our community areas to unaffiliated third-party websites , using RSS or other technologies .
We will use the personally-identifying information that you provide about others only as necessary to provide the products or services that you have requested ; for example , to enable us to send them your gifts or cards .
If you provide us someone else 's personally-identifying information for referral purposes , we may use that information to invite them to visit our websites or to provide them information about our products or services .
If you provide us with your e-mail and/or postal address , we may include that address in e-mail and/or postal address lists that we sell , trade , or rent to third parties .
Before sharing your e-mail or postal address with companies not owned by Bonnier who want to market products or services to you , we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out .
You may also opt out of the receipt of any marketing materials from Bonnier as detailed below .
We may transfer your sensitive personally-identifying information to other Bonnier offices for internal management and administrative purposes .
In addition , your personal data will be transferred to other Bonnier offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit .
Transfers of personally-identifying information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims .
Bonnier will only share your sensitive personal information with outside companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances :
- When we use trusted businesses or persons to process personal information on our behalf .
Before sharing any personal information with outside parties , we require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
- When we have a good faith belief that access , use , preservation , or disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with applicable law , regulation , or legal process ; ( b ) enforce the applicable Terms of Service or other agreements and policies on the Company 's Websites ; ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security , or technical issues ; or ( d ) protect against imminent harm to the rights , property , or safety or Bonnier , its users , or the public as required or permitted by law .
- When you consent .
Before we share your sensitive personal information outside of the previously listed circumstances , we will ask you for permission first .
Please note that this only applies to sensitive information , as defined above .
We may also use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users for any legal purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners .
In no event will this aggregated data contain any information that could be used to identify individual users of our products or services .
How we protect the safety and integrity of the information we collect
We take appropriate physical , electronic , and procedural measures to safeguard and protect your personal information .
We use a variety of security measures , including encryption and authentication , to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information .
We store your personal information on systems behind firewalls that are only accessible to a limited number of persons , each of whom is required to keep the information confidential .
We also take appropriate measures to secure the transmission of sensitive personal information from your computer to the Company 's computers .
When you transmit sensitive personal information to us , like credit card information , we offer the use of a secure connection to our servers .
To the extent you select the secure connection method or your browser supports such functionality , all credit card account information that you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology .
Regardless of these measures , no system connected to the Internet or data transmission sent over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We will provide notice if we become aware of any security breach that may affect any sensitive personal information pertaining to you that we have stored on our systems .
Bonnier employees , agents , and contractors who have access to personally-identifying information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Bonnier .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination and criminal prosecution , if they fail to meet these obligations .
Bonnier only collects personal information that is relevant to the purposes for which it will be used .
Though we do take appropriate steps to review and update the information that we store to ensure that it is accurate , complete , and current , we also depend on you to update or correct your personal information when necessary .
You may correct or delete any or all of the personal information you have provided to us at any time .
Many of our websites provide means to review and update the personal information that you have provided on that website .
( Note : Do not use this email address to send questions about your subscription .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
We will decline to process requests where we can not verify the identity of the requester .
We may also decline to process requests that are automated , repetitive , systematic , or impractical , or that might jeopardize the privacy of others .
In some limited circumstances , such as to resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , and enforce our policies , we may retain some of information that you have requested us to remove .
Therefore , you should not expect that all of your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests .
We only use the information we collect for purposes consistent with this policy .
If we propose to use your personal information for purposes beyond that explained in this policy , we will provide appropriate notice before doing so and we will provide you with the means to opt out of those uses .
We will not use your sensitive personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy unless we have obtained your consent .
You will still receive information from Bonnier and its various brands , but we will not share your address information with anyone else .
We only want to communicate with you if you want to hear from us .
You may also notify us by sending mail to the following address :
460 North Orlando Avenue , Suite 200
Winter Park , FL 32789
In your request , please tell us what communications you would like to opt out of , what means we have been using to contact you ( such as your e-mail or postal address ) , the date of your request , and a way to contact you in case we need to personally contact you in an effort to comply with your request .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications , such as technical alerts , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Enforcement and Compliance with this Privacy Policy
We take our Privacy Policy seriously and we regularly review our own compliance with this Policy .
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy , or if you think that we have used your personal information in a manner inconsistent with this Policy , please contact us at :
460 North Orlando Ave. , Suite 200
Winter Park , FL 32789
If we receive a complaint from you , we will contact you in an attempt to address your concerns .
If we are not able to resolve a complaint , we will participate in the appropriate independent recourse mechanism as necessary .

We at POPSUGAR Inc .
( POPSUGAR , we , us , our ) know that our users ( you , your ) care about how your personal information is used and shared , and we take your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy .
By visiting or using the Website or Services in any manner , you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy , and you hereby consent that we will collect , use , and share your information in the following ways .
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control , or to individuals that we do not employ or manage .
If you are under 13 , please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Services .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
WHAT INFORMATION DOES POPSUGAR COLLECT
We gather various types of Personal Information from our users , as explained more fully below .
We may use this Personal Information to personalize and improve our services , to allow our users to set up a user account and profile , to contact users , to fulfill your requests for certain products and services , to analyze how users utilize the Website , and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We may share certain types of Personal Information with third parties ( described in this Section and in Section 7 below ) .
We collect the following types of information :
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us .
For example , we collect Personal Information such as your name , user name , email address , and third-party account credentials ( for example , your log-in credentials for Facebook or other third party sites ) .
If you provide your third-party account credentials to us , you understand some content and/or information in those accounts ( Third Party Account Information ) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions , and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Website is covered by this Privacy Policy .
You can choose not to provide us with certain information , but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features .
Certain information , such as a user name and email address , are required in order to register an account on any part of the Service .
We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you can not be individually identified , and provide that information to our partners .
Whenever you interact with our Website , we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address , cookie information , and the page you requested .
Cookies are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our Website are visited and by how many people .
You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit your computer or device 's acceptance of cookies , but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our Website 's features .
As a result , we do not honor the do not track feature on your browser .
Our advertising partners , which may include advertisers , advertising agencies , and ad networks , may also transmit cookies to your computer or device , when you view or interact with one of their ads that appear on the Website .
Also , if you click on a link to a third party website , such third party may also transmit cookies to you .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties .
When we collect usage information ( such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website ) , we only use this data in aggregate form , and not in a manner that would identify you personally .
For example , this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of the Website , so that we can make the Website appealing to as many users as possible .
We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners ; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website , so that they , too , can provide you with an optimal experience .
We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally .
E-MAIL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
We may contact you , by email or other means ; for example , we may send you promotional offers on behalf of other businesses , or communicate with you about your use of the Website .
Also , we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us .
This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service .
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website , and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes .
Notwithstanding anything else , certain parts or features of the Service may require you to allow us to send you email ; for example , email opt-out is not permitted for accounts registered on circleofmoms.com .
E-MAIL ADDRESSES AND INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US BY OTHER USERS
In some cases , your email address and other Personal Information may be provided to us by other users of the Website or Services ( for example , when another user gives you a gift subscription to the Services ) .
Our collection , use , and sharing of your Personal Information will be governed by the same practices and policies outlined this Privacy Policy , whether provided to us directly by you or by another user of the Website or Services .
WILL POPSUGAR SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone .
We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below .
Advertisers : We allow advertisers , advertising agencies , ad networks , and/or merchant partners ( collectively , Advertisers ) to collect information on our Website for the purpose of serving you with advertising tailored to your interest or choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers .
You agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser , in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers .
For example , we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses , but we will not tell such businesses who you are .
We may deliver a file to you through the Website ( known as a web beacon ) from an ad network .
Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized , aggregated auditing , research and reporting for us and for advertisers .
Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites .
Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network 's servers , these companies can view , edit , or set their own cookies , just as if you had requested a web page from their site .
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control : In certain situations , businesses or third party websites we 're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Website ( either alone or jointly with us ) .
You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service , and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service .
For example , if you purchase a Voucher through the Service , we may share certain information about you with the applicable Merchant , in order to allow such Merchant to redeem that Voucher .
Another such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account Information to your Website profile or to automatically transmit information in your Website profile to your third party account .
We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else , so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business , please review all such business ' or websites ' policies .
Agents : We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you .
For example , in order to customize the content you receive from our email mailing lists or advertising partners , we may share your email address or a hashed version of your email address in an aggregate collection of similar information from other users with third parties who then provide us with demographic information that is associated with the aggregate group of email addresses or hashed email addresses .
Unless we tell you differently , our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
User Profiles and Submissions : Certain user profile information , including without limitation a user 's name , location , and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Website , may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Website or address your request for POPSUGAR 's services .
Your account privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others .
Any content you upload to your public user profile , along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view ( on discussion boards , in messages and chat areas , etc . ) becomes publicly available , and can be collected and used by others .
Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments .
Additionally , if you sign into the Website through a third party social networking site or service , your list of friends from that site or service may be automatically imported to the Website , and such friends , if they are also registered users of the Website , may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your Website user profile .
Again , we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service .
Business Transfers : We may choose to buy or sell assets .
In these types of transactions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred .
Also , if we ( or substantially all of our assets ) are acquired , or if we go out of business , enter bankruptcy , or go through some other change of control , Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party .
Protection of POPSUGAR and Others : We reserve the right to access , read , preserve , and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order ; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of POPSUGAR , our employees , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
With Your Consent : Except as set forth above , you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties in personally identifiable form , and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
HOW DOES POPSUGAR USE THIRD-PARTY ONLINE ADVERTISING
Some of the advertisements you see on our Website or on emails we deliver to you are delivered by Advertisers who collect non-personally identifiable information about your online activities with the emails we send and/or our Website through the use of cookies , web beacons , and other technologies , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver you advertisements that are tailored to your interests .
These Advertisers may include , but are not limited to , BlueKai , Brightroll , Criteo , DoubleClick , Google , MediaMath , PubMatic , Pulse360 , Quantcast , and Yahoo .
The use of cookies , web beacons , and other technologies by these companies is subject to the privacy policies of those third parties .
These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes .
You can find out more information by clicking on the company names listed above and following the links to each company 's website .
In addition , some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from its member companies .
Please note that if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests or demographic , you will continue to see advertisements on our Website , but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you .
POPSUGAR does not have access to the information that Advertisers may collect , and the information practices of our Advertisers are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
In addition , POPSUGAR works with third parties to help us track the advertisements that are delivered to you to determine the effectiveness of advertising on our Website .
Third parties that use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to assist us with our traffic measurement , research and analytics include , but are not limited to , Comscore , Nielsen and DoubleClick .
POPSUGAR does not share personally identifiable information with these third parties .
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security .
If you access your account via a third party site or service , you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service .
You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account .
We follow reasonable data security practices to protect the confidentiality and security of your account and the Personal Information you provide to us .
To protect your credit card number we use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) software to protect the security of your credit card information during transmission through encryption .
We believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of a security breach to a level appropriate to the type of data involved .
However , we can not guarantee complete security .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors , may compromise the security of user information at any time .
The Website may contain links to other sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When following a link to another site you should read that site 's privacy policy .
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS
Through your account settings , you may access , and , in some cases , edit or delete the following information you 've provided to us :
user profile information , including images and videos you have uploaded
The information you can view , update , and delete may change as the Website changes .
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes , and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties .
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE
You can always opt not to disclose information to use , but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features .
You may be able to add , update , or delete information as explained in Section 10 above .
When you update information , however , we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records .
Please note that some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account .
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it , but not in a manner that would identify you personally .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used .
If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information , we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website , updating the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy , or sending you an email .
You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted .
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns .
Effective Date : December 30 , 2013

Subscribe / Gift a Gift / Customer Service / Promotions / Blogs / Video / Digital Edition /
Try : Hottest Cars Ever / Best DIY Tips / Best Gadgets Ever
Text Size : A .
Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications , Inc. and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Hearst '' ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to one of the magazines published by Hearst ( `` Magazines '' ) , from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
Information You Provide .
Hearst generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , request back issues of our Magazines , subscribe to our Magazines , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Hearst ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our magazines .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser .
For more information click here .
Effect of Tracking Requests .
Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because , this way , we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests .
Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to any of our Magazines , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
When you provide us your email address ( e.g. , to subscribe to our Magazines ) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites , some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences .
Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we 've assigned .
Your user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) will function across many of our Covered Sites , regardless of brand .
Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration ( `` Shared Registration Sites '' ) ; however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites .
A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below , and may be updated from time to time .
Current Shared Registration Sites are : The National Magazine Company Limited .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned .
If you cancel your User Registration , we will retain your email address , user name and assigned user ID on file and use them only for the purpose of assuring you are not automatically registered again , against your wishes .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Magazines .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Hearst can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Magazines , and in trade media , and advertising .
We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Hearst may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site ( as defined in Section 3 ( c ) above ) .
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst .
In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Hearst with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Hearst ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : alc-opt-out.com .
California & Canadian Users : Your California Privacy Rights.California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
Marketing provided by Hearst .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service , P.O .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) abovePlease follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Hearst , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Hearst can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
This policy was last updated on December 30 , 2013 .
CONNECT WITH POPULAR MECHANICS :
Enter To Win A Braun CoolTec Shaver
More From Popular Mechanics
10 Myths About Natural Gas Drilling
10 Biggest Oil Spills In History
10 Awesome Accidental Scientific Discoveries
Why Is There a Helium Shortage ?
How to Sell Scrap Metal for Money
The 13 Most Important Numbers in the Universe
Did the Soviets Actually Build a Better Space Shuttle ?
The BOSTITCH Mechanics Tool Set
Dickies , Pants for Any Job
New Nest Protect .
At The Home Depot .
For Popular Mechanic 's Free Newsletter
Do n't miss out ... Get our hottest stories delivered right to your inbox every week , free !
You 'll get the news on the latest innovations in tech , autos , home , science and more .
Try : Hottest Cars Ever / Best DIY Tips / Best Gadgets Ever
Your California Privacy Rights
Men 's Shoes 2013
10 Science Fiction Movies
Matching Shirts & Ties
6 Zero Turn Mowers
How to Tie a Tie
How to Grow a Beard
How to Make Pancakes
How to Build a Shed
How to Make Beer
Latest Jeans & Denim
New Cars 2014 & 2015
3 Steps to Tying a Scarf
BMW 2-Series M Sport
2013 Hearst Communication , Inc .
All Rights Reserved .
Being Green /Why did I get this ad ?

Porsche recognizes the importance of protecting the personal privacy of its customers , potential customers and website visitors .
This internet privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) describes the information that may be collected through our websites , the choices you can make about our use of your personal information and how we protect your personal information .
Scope and Terms Used
This Privacy Policy applies only to websites operated by or on behalf of Porsche Cars North America , Inc. and only to those websites which provide a direct link to this Privacy Policy ( the Sites ) .
Unless otherwise indicated , all references to Porsche , we or our in this Privacy Policy shall mean Porsche Cars North America , Inc .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any offline data collection or practices of Porsche Cars North America , Inc. or any other Porsche companies .
Some of the Sites may contain links to the websites of other Porsche companies or to the websites of third parties .
Porsche is not responsible and has no liability for the privacy policies or practices of those websites .
We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website you visit .
The Sites are designed for consumers located exclusively in the United States of America .
As used in this Privacy Policy , personal information means information that may be used to identify a specific individual , or that is about an identifiable individual , such as name , e-mail address , phone number or credit card number .
Aggregate information refers to combined demographic information which has been derived from personal information but which can not be used to identify any individual or that is not about an identifiable individual .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You can visit the Sites and learn about our products and programs without providing personal information .
However , to participate in our programs or receive newsletters , you will need to provide personal information .
Porsche does not collect any personal information on the Sites unless you provide it voluntarily .
In addition to our General Uses listed below , we use the personal information you provide only for purposes consistent with the reason you provide it , such as :
Registration / Porsche Travel Club and Other Programs / Webspecials
At your option , you may register as a Porsche Site user to allow for easy registration for programs through the Porsche Travel Club or our driving schools , access to Webspecials offered only to online users , or other programs offered on the Sites .
As part of registration , we collect your name , e-mail address , mailing address and other contact information .
We may ask for other information in connection with specific programs ( e.g . travel dates for the Travel Club ) , or more generally about your vehicles or interests in order to better customize your website experience or our offers to you .
We indicate at the time of collection which information is mandatory and which information is optional to provide .
We may ask you to provide personal information in order to allow us to respond to your requests for information or other requests made over the Sites .
Purchases of Products and Services
Where the Sites allow you to purchase products or services online , we collect your credit card or other payment information in addition to your name , address and other identifying information .
We may also verify your eligibility for certain programs , such as requesting your drivers ' license number for driving school programs .
On the newsletter section of the Sites , you may provide us with your e-mail address in order to subscribe for the Porsche newsletter , which contains the latest information on our products , events and our other offerings .
In addition to your name , address and other identifying information , we may ask you to provide other information about your household and interests if you choose to participate in Porsche 's contests or surveys .
You can always choose not to participate .
Where the Sites allow the option of submitting your resum or other indications of interest for employment at Porsche , we collect personal information such as name , contact information , job history and other background .
We collect non-personal information such as your Internet browser type , operating system , and the IP address of the website from which you are linked to the Sites .
We use this information to help us tailor our Sites in a manner to better match your computer settings , interests and preferences .
Porsche Dealers and Other Sources
To the extent permitted by law , we may augment the information we have collected from you on the Sites with data obtained from other sources , including information you have provided to Porsche dealers , our affiliates or Porsche clubs , or information you have provided to us by phone or by mail .
We may also obtain other information about you such as change of address , contact information or demographic information from commercially or publicly available sources .
We will use your personal information as specifically described in the Site to which you submit it , in accordance with any published legal terms for such Site .
We may also use your personal information internally to customize your experience with our company and our Sites , to communicate with you about our products or services , to help us develop new products and services , to verify your identity , to collect debts owed to us , or to investigate or settle inquiries or disputes , and for other legally required or permissible purposes .
What Are Cookies and How Does Porsche Use Them
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser that allow us to learn more information about your visit or use of the Sites .
We may use cookies to remember your personal information , including your registration information , and to deliver personalized and relevant information specific to your needs .
We may also use cookies to track patterns on the Sites to help us improve visitor or customer experience .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies .
The Sites use Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
( Google ) .
Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Sites analyze how users use the Sites .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites ( including your anonymized IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Sites , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites .
By using the Sites , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
By installing this Add-on , no information is being sent to Google Analytics .
Your Choices In How We Use Your Personal Information
While Porsche may contact you with offers and information concerning Porsche or its products , services or promotions , you always have the choice not to receive such items .
You may contact us at 1-800-PORSCHE to communicate your marketing preferences and request to be removed from marketing lists , or you may write to us at the address provided below under Contact Us .
You may also request that your personal information not be shared with independent Porsche dealerships as part of related marketing and customer care programs ( although you should be aware that these dealerships also collect personal data directly from you ) .
In addition , the Sites allow you to communicate your marketing preferences as follows ( or as otherwise specifically indicated on the Sites ) :
At the time of registering as a Porsche Site user , you will be given a choice whether to receive promotional e-mails from Porsche .
Each promotional e-mail you receive from us will provide you a specific opt-out mechanism to allow you to unsubscribe from receipt of these promotional e-mails .
By accessing your profile under Porsche Login on the Site , you may also update your personal information in our database or change your marketing preferences .
Whether or not registered as a Porsche Site user , users who subscribe to the Porsche Newsletter may unsubscribe from the newsletter by following the link provided in the newsletter , by calling 1-800-PORSCHE or by updating their preferences on the Newsletter section of the Sites .
You may contact us at 1-800-PORSCHE with any questions or concerns you may have about our privacy practices , including requests to update or correct your personal information .
Even if you choose not to receive promotional e-mails or mailings from Porsche , we may continue to use your personal information in order to contact you in connection with product recalls or other transactional purposes .
Our Sharing of Your Information
Porsche does not sell or rent your personal information collected on the Sites to non-affiliated third parties for those parties ' promotional purposes , except that as part of our customer care and marketing efforts , we may provide your information to independent , authorized Porsche dealers .
In addition , Porsche Cars North America , Inc. may share your personal information submitted at the Sites with other members of our affiliated group of companies , who may use that information for promotional or other purposes .
If you wish to opt out of any of the data sharing practices described in this paragraph , please contact
1-800-PORSCHE or write to us as shown below under Contact Us .
Other than as described in the paragraph above , Porsche will not share your personal information collected on the Sites with third parties without your permission , except as necessary or appropriate to ( I ) process or fulfill your order , ( II ) respond to your requests or answer your inquiries , ( III ) enter you in contests , sweepstakes or other promotional activities upon your request , ( IV ) comply with any applicable law , court order or other judicial process , or ( V ) enforce or apply agreements with you , or protect the rights , property or safety of Porsche or third parties , or as otherwise required or permitted by law .
In addition , in the event of a corporate transaction such as a sale , merger or reorganization involving Porsche or its parent companies , personal information may be disclosed or transferred to the acquiring company ( ies ) .
Porsche may collect and share aggregate website statistical information ( such as sales , traffic patterns or related information ) with third parties .
No such shared statistics will contain any personally identifying user information .
Porsche may occasionally hire contractors to provide certain services on its behalf , including information processing and storage or the management of contests , sweepstakes and surveys .
These contractors are required to maintain the confidentiality of information they receive from Porsche and are restricted from using the information for any purposes other than those authorized by Porsche .
How We Protect Your Information
When you submit sensitive information via our Sites , such as credit card information , that information is subject secure sockets layer ( SSL ) encryption technology .
However , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information during transmission , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us .
Suggestions , materials or other intellectual property sent or transmitted to Porsche via our Sites are governed by the separate terms applicable to such materials identified at the time of submission ( if any ) .
If no such terms are identified , all such items shall be deemed to be non-
confidential , and Porsche shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such items and shall be free to use and distribute them to others without limitation , including , but not limited to developing and marketing products incorporating them .
Our Sites are not intended for use by children under 13 .
We ask that children under the age of 13 do not use our Sites and do not submit any personal information to us .
Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Policy
By using our Sites , you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy , and you agree to adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Sites under Legal notice .
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not submit any personal information to us through our Sites .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Porsche reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so you should review it frequently .
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post such changes here and/or on our Sites .
Effective Date : December 1 , 2012*
Copyright 2013 Porsche Cars North America , Inc .
*Changes since June 1 , 2010 version visible here

Japan Post Holdings Co. , Ltd. handles the personal information such as names and e-mail addresses , obtained from users when they utilize the Service , in accordance with the Private Policy , stipulated separately .
Japan Post Holdings Co. , Ltd. totals access logs to judge what services are preferred by users .
Access logs do not contain information that can identify individuals , though they contain the names of domains and IP addresses of those who accessed the Site , type of browser they use and date and time of access .
Access logs are used only as statistic data , and will never be connected to personal information of users .
The Site uses Cookie ( information sent from the server to the browser of a user to identify the user on the server side , and accumulated in the computer of the user ) concerning part of Service , including registration service , to ensure convenience of users .
The Site uses SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ; a kind of cryptography technology ) concerning Service that involves personal information , to ensure the safety of users .

Postmedia Network Canada Corp. and its affiliated and subsidiary entities , including Postmedia Network Inc .
( Postmedia Network , we or us ) is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information .
This Privacy Statement describes how we may collect , use and disclose personal information .
This Privacy Statement applies to any personal information we collect or receive about you , from any source .
However , it does not apply to personal information that we collect , use or disclose for journalistic purposes .
By submitting your personal information , subscribing to our services or products or using our websites , you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement .
Please check back periodically as this Privacy Statement may be amended from time-to-time and applies to all Postmedia Network divisions in Canada .
What is personal information
Personal information ' means information about an identifiable individual .
Examples of personal information that we may collect , use and disclose include your contact information ( name , address , phone number or email address ) , your billing information ( credit card number or banking information ) , and other information that you may provide to us .
Personal information does not include publicly available information or your business contact information .
What personal information do we collect ? To whom do we disclose personal information
In most cases , we will collect personal information directly from you when you purchase or interact with us about a product or service that we offer or provide ( for example , when you subscribe to a newspaper or when you email us or contact us through our website ) .
Occasionally , we may collect personal information from a third party based on your consent or as otherwise permitted by law .
We identify the purposes for which we may collect , use and disclose your personal information at the time that we collect such information .
Such purposes include providing and delivering products or services to you , responding to your inquiries , and internal business purposes such as administering or improving our website .
We obtain your consent for such purposes at or before the time that we collect , use or disclose your personal information , except where permitted or required by law .
Postmedia Network 's divisions and affiliates may share personal information with each other in order to fulfill the purposes that you have consented to .
We may also share your personal information with third party service providers as necessary for them to provide services on our behalf .
Some service providers may be located outside of Canada where personal information may be subject to the laws of those jurisdictions .
We may disclose personal information to a potential purchaser in connection with the sale of some or all of the business of Postmedia Network , or as otherwise permitted or required by law .
How do we retain and safeguard your personal information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and as permitted or required by law .
We have implemented physical , organizational , contractual and technological security measures to protect your personal information from loss or theft , and unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use or modification .
How do we monitor our websites
Our websites may place and access cookies when you visit our websites .
A cookie is a small data file that websites commonly write to your computer .
A cookie file contains information that can identify you each time you visit the website .
Our websites use cookies as a way to measure website activity and traffic patterns .
We may use third-party vendors and advertising networks to serve advertisements on our websites .
Such third parties may place and access cookies on your browser , including for the purpose of delivering tailored advertisements to you .
That activity is subject to such third-parties ' policies and terms .
You may choose to set your computer to reject cookies if you desire .
However , if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to use some of the features available on our websites .
Postmedia is a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau of Canada ( IAB Canada ) and follows industry privacy standards for online advertising .
The majority of advertisements displayed on our websites are served through one or more reputable third party advertisement-serving companies , including Google .
From time to time , we collect certain usage information from our servers that relates to the use of our websites .
We use this information to improve our website , for example by enhancing pages or features that are visited frequently , and on occasion we may share this information with our affiliates or other third party companies to provide them with an indication of the amount of interest in our website for advertising purposes and to help us plan for technical improvements .
How can you access your personal information
We will make available to you any personal information that we have collected , used or disclosed , upon your written request , to the extent permitted by law .
We will attempt to respond to your written request within thirty ( 30 ) days .
We will advise you in writing if we can not meet your request within this time limit .
Our Privacy Officers are accountable for our compliance with this Privacy Statement and applicable privacy law .
All comments , questions , concerns or complaints regarding your personal information should be forwarded to our Privacy Officers as follows :
Postmedia Network Inc .
365 Bloor Street East , 12th Floor
Toronto , Ontario Canada M4W 3L4

We are part of the `` WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands '' which includes WilliamsSonoma , Pottery Barn , pottery barn kids , PBteen , west elm , Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham .
WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us ( the phrase `` contact information '' means any information by which you can be contacted or identified , such as your name , mailing address , email address , telephone number , etc . ) .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you , how we use such information , and the choices you have regarding our use of , and your ability to review , correct and opt out of our use of , the information .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our websites and mobile applications .
By using any of our web sites , mobile applications , or sharing your contact information with us , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
As a part of our commitment to your privacy , WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association 's `` Privacy Promise to American Consumers . ''
We have agreed to ( 1 ) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental , sale , or exchange with other marketers ; ( 2 ) honor customers ' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers ; and ( 3 ) honor customers ' requests not to receive mail , telephone , or other solicitations from WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Collecting Information About You
There may be times ( such as when you purchase or order a product , subscribe to a service , register to receive catalogs , or to participate in contests , sweepstakes or promotions , etc . ) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself , such as your name , shipping/billing address , telephone number , email address , social media user name , credit card information , birth date , gender , occupation , personal interests , and other information .
We may also maintain a record of your product purchases .
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice .
But if you choose not to provide the information we request , you may be unable to purchase products , or access certain services , offers and content on our web sites .
In addition , we may need to contact you via phone , email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order , entry , etc. , even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us .
In general , you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself .
We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences , trends , and site usage statistics , but individual users will remain anonymous , unless you voluntarily tell us who you are .
We may also receive anonymous usage data from your mobile phone or other device you use to access our web sites or our mobile applications , including location data .
If you access any of our websites or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , facebook or twitter ) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site , we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site , in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site .
We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our stores , websites and mobile applications .
Using Information About You
We use your contact information for internal purposes only , such as :
confirming and tracking your order , subscription , or registration ;
analyzing preferences , trends , and statistics ;
informing you of our new products , services , and offers ; and
providing you with other information from and about WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you .
To the extent necessary for such purposes , we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate , complete , current , and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use .
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours .
These are known as our Select Partners .
In such cases we might rent , exchange , share and/or crossreference information , including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you .
To serve you better , we may combine information you give us online , in our stores or through our catalogs .
We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or crossreference with our Select Partners and others .
We use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and others with us , to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you , and for other promotional purposes .
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing , shipping , data management , promotional services , etc .
We call them our Service Providers .
We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services .
We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours .
We allow thirdparty companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites .
These companies may use nonpersonally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
We may share contact information and other data with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with any WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you , to WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands or to others .
We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it .
Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers ; Updating and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us .
If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners , or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers , please let us know .
In the U.S. , you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email .
Outside of the U.S. , you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email .
Please be sure to include your full name , email address , mailing address , and specifically what information you do not want to receive .
If you would like to update or correct your email address , mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way .
If you like , you may use either of the following statements in your message to us :
`` I prefer not to receive email advertisements , such as updates regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events . ''
`` I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements , such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events . ''
You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates .
Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to five days for your email request and 68 weeks to process your postal mail request .
For international shipping orders , WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands partner with Borderfree , Inc .
( `` Borderfree '' ) .
We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy .
When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally , we work with Borderfree to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be required to submit credit card and contact information ( name , billing address , shipping address , email address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order .
Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order , and we will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to check the box to indicate if you would like to receive information from WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time .
If you check the box , Borderfree will share your information with WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands , and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to provide WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands with your information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands adheres to the USEU and USSwiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .
For European Union or Swiss residents , any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands by calling us at 405.717.6139 or sending us an email .
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
For complaints that can not be resolved , we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the USEU and USSwiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
When you visit our web sites , we send one or more `` cookies '' to your computer or other device .
We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us .
A `` cookie '' is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site .
A `` session cookie '' expires immediately when you end your session ( i.e. , close your browser ) .
A `` persistent cookie '' stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available .
Generally , we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you .
We also use cookies to remind us of who you are , tailor our products , services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others , estimate our audience size , assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order , track your status in our promotions , contests and sweepstakes , and/or analyze your visiting patterns .
Certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf .
They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Service Providers .
However , we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services .
You may opt out of certain of these services by clicking here .
In addition , in connection with the services that they provide to us , certain of our Service Providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet .
These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you .
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether , you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it .
However , certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us .
To guard your information delivered to us electronically , our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only we are able to decode your information .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your contact information , to the extent permitted by law , we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites , and you do so at your own risk .
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone .
Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit .
This is to ensure that others can not access your account , especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place .
WilliamsSonoma , Inc .
Brands take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children .
Our web sites are general audience sites .
We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us .
We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 .
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online .
We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children 's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children 's access to the Internet .
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties , over which we have no control .
Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy .
You access such linked web sites at your own risk .
You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site .
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part , we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites , as applicable .
Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy .
The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent .
Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy .
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice , please give us your feedback .
In the U.S. , you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email .
Outside of the U.S. , you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email .

The steps we will take to protect your privacy when using this website
In this Privacy Policy , any use of the words `` you '' , `` yours '' or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever .
Terms such as `` we '' , `` us , `` our '' or similar expressions shall mean the Football Association Premier League Limited .
We take the privacy of our fans , and those interested in this website , very seriously .
This Privacy Policy ( together with our Terms and Conditions ) explains the steps we will take in order to protect your privacy when using this website .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
HOW THE INFORMATION WILL BE USED
We will ordinarily only use your personal information to send you information which you have requested or to otherwise respond to you .
Personal information means details such as your name , postal/email address , telephone number , and/or date of birth .
We also use and disclose general data regarding your information ( which does not identify you as an individual ) for the purpose of administering and developing the website .
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
All personal information you submit to us will be held in accordance with our responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related legislation .
As a consequence we will not disclose this to any third party other than :
( a ) as required as a matter of law ;
( b ) in the reasonable enforcement of our contractual rights ;
( c ) to identify or resolve technical problems arising from the use of the website ;
( d ) to deal with complaints from any party regarding the operation of the website ;
( e ) as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or in those parts of the Website where we collect your personal details .
We and/or our member Clubs may at times wish to use personal information supplied by you to inform you of news or offers which we think may be of interest to you .
In addition , we or the relevant Club ( s ) may also provide your personal information to appropriate and carefully selected third parties .
We will always ask for your consent before communicating with you or allowing the Clubs to communicate directly with you .
Please note that should you expressly consent to receive direct communication from a particular Club , you are also consenting to us passing your details on to that Club to enable them to do so .
At any stage subsequently you can also inform us that you no longer wish to receive information from us or third parties to which we have passed your data by clicking on the designated hyperlink at the bottom of the relevant communication .
If you have chosen to receive emails from a particular Club , your data will be passed onto that club accordingly , will be held in accordance with their privacy policy , and you should contact them directly if you no longer wish to receive communications .
Data stored on this website will be stored in a secure manner and we shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such data can not be accessed by unauthorised third parties .
A cookie is a small file sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the web browser .
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy .
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Any links to other websites on this website are outside of our control and are therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for the data protection or privacy policies of these websites and accept no responsibility or liability for these policies .
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites .
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Due to the global nature of the internet , collecting personal data may involve it being transferred to and stored at countries both inside and outside of the European Economic Area .
By using this website and providing us with personal information , you consent to its transfer to other countries which may not enjoy the same data protection measures as the UK .
Where we have given you or you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
We recommend that you should regularly review the personal information you have supplied to us to ensure that your information is correct and up to date .
You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal data that we may hold about you .
We may charge a small fee to cover our administrative costs for providing this .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page .

PriceGrabber Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Last Modified September 13th , 2013
You may only use the Site pursuant to the following terms and conditions , which you accept by your use of the Site .
Use of the Site is subject to additional terms and conditions defined by our content providers ( `` Licensors '' ) as stipulated on applicable pages of the Site , which you accept by your use of the Site .
PriceGrabber , reserves the right to modify or revise these Terms of Use and/or Privacy Statement or its other policies at any time at its sole discretion .
Any such modifications to the Terms of Use and Privacy Statement shall be effective within forty-eight ( 48 ) hours of being posted on the Site unless otherwise stated by PriceGrabber , in writing .
You are bound by such modifications or revisions , and should therefore visit this page frequently to review the terms .
Your continued use of the Site following PriceGrabber 's posting of any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use and/or Privacy Statement will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications .
In the event that you do not agree to any changes or modifications of these Terms of Use and/or Privacy Statement , you should not continue to use the Site .
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
PriceGrabber grants you a non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Site for personal , noncommercial purposes , other than to purchase or sell items through the Site 's Storefronts Service , or to purchase items from third-party merchants accessible via links on the Site .
This license does not include and strictly prohibits : any resale of the Site or its contents ; any collection and use of any product listings , descriptions , or prices other than as expressly authorized herein ; any derivative use of the Site or its contents ; or any use of data mining , robots , or similar data gathering and extraction tools .
The Site , including its operation , interface and contents , are covered by United States copyright laws and international laws and treaties , and may not be reproduced , duplicated , copied , sold , resold , visited , or otherwise exploited for any unauthorized commercial purpose without the express prior written consent of PriceGrabber .
Any unauthorized use shall immediately terminate the licenses and rights granted by PriceGrabber and any Licensors hereunder , and may subject you to civil and/or criminal prosecution .
You are granted a limited , revocable , and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to any page of the Site so long as the link does not portray PriceGrabber , its subsidiaries , affiliates , Licensors , co-brand partners and other partners or its or their respective services in a false , misleading , derogatory or otherwise offensive or damaging manner .
You may not use any PriceGrabber , Licensor , subsidiary , affiliate , co-brand partner , or other partner logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of a link to the Site without first obtaining the express written consent of PriceGrabber , the subsidiary , affiliate , co-brand partner or other partner or Licensor ( as applicable ) .
PriceGrabber does not guarantee continuous , uninterrupted or secure access to its services or the Site , and the operation of the Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside or within PriceGrabber 's control .
PriceGrabber provides a number of different services to assist you in comparison shopping for products and services on the Site .
PriceGrabber is paid by merchants or other third parties for listing products and services on the Site and for promotions such as featured merchants , featured products and showcases .
Additionally , through the PriceGrabber Storefronts Service , PriceGrabber provides a venue allowing users who open member accounts through the PriceGrabber Member Agreement ( `` Member ( s ) '' ) , including both individuals and merchants , to list for sale new and used products that are described on the Site .
PriceGrabber receives a transaction fee from Storefronts sellers when a Member has completed the purchase of an item made available by a Member for sale on the Site .
Members may list up to fifty products for no listing fee .
All products listed beyond the fifty product limit are subject to a listing fee .
PriceGrabber does not sell , resell or license any of the products listed on the Site , nor is PriceGrabber acting as an agent of sale , and PriceGrabber disclaims any responsibility for , or liability related to , such products and services ( see Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability , below ) .
Any questions , complaints or claims related to any product should be directed to the appropriate merchant or seller .
PriceGrabber does not warrant that product descriptions , pricing , editorial commentary or any other content of the Site , regardless of its source , is accurate , complete , reliable , current or error-free .
Site content is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement by PriceGrabber of any product , merchant , seller , service , or any reviews or comments thereof regardless of the source of such review or comment .
PriceGrabber assumes no liability for inaccuracy or incompleteness in its search results , editorial content , user ratings ( e.g . user merchant rating , or user product rating ) or other content on the Site .
A note about Mature Content Channel Listings .
PriceGrabber provides a platform for the display of materials which may , in some jurisdictions , be considered `` mature '' content .
No representation or warranty is made regarding the types of products , their use or any compliance with law related to their display or use .
Availability of such content is reserved for users self-identifying as meeting the age requirements for access .
By contributing or submitting any content to the Site , you warrant that you are the author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto or have the appropriate license and sublicense rights from the owner , and you grant PriceGrabber a worldwide , perpetual , irrevocable , royalty-free , transferable right and license to use , copy , modify , delete in its entirety , adapt , publish , translate , create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such materials and/or incorporate such materials into any form , medium or technology , and you also grant the right to PriceGrabber to sublicense any and all of the foregoing rights to third parties , in all cases without compensation to you .
In addition , you warrant that all `` moral rights '' that you may have in those materials have been voluntarily waived by you .
None of the materials shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of PriceGrabber , its agents , subsidiaries , affiliates , Licensors , co-brand partners or other partners and their respective directors , officers , employees , agents and representatives .
PriceGrabber reserves the right to change , condense or delete any content on the Site that PriceGrabber deems , in its sole discretion , to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of this Agreement .
You agree that you shall not post or provide any information to/for the Sites :
that is known by you to be false , inaccurate or misleading ;
that infringes any third party 's copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy ;
that violates any law , statute , ordinance or regulation in any applicable jurisdictions ( including , but not limited to , those governing export control , consumer protection , unfair competition , anti-discrimination , false advertising and privacy ) ;
that is , or may reasonably be considered to be , defamatory , hateful , racially or religiously biased or offensive ( including the use of swear words ) , unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual , partnership or corporation ;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party ;
that seeks to obtain a commercial advantage ;
that includes any information that references other web sites , addresses , email addresses , contact information , phone numbers or other personal information such as credit card numbers ; or
that contains any computer viruses , worms or other damaging or potentially damaging computer programs or files .
In contributing or submitting any content to the Site , you agree not to use a false or misleading email address , impersonate any person or entity , or otherwise provide any misleading information as to the origin of any content that you submit .
You should also note your obligations to indemnify PriceGrabber ( among others ) for the content you submit as set forth in the indemnity section , below .
You agree that you will not use any device , software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers , or to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any sales being conducted through the Site .
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on PriceGrabber 's computer systems or communications infrastructure .
You agree that you will not use any software robot , spider , other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy Site pages or the content contained therein without PriceGrabber 's prior written consent .
Review only one product at a time , based on your own experience .
Do not copy material from other sources .
If you wish to comment on the seller , please post a Merchant Review .
Describe why you would or would not recommend that others purchase this product .
Remember , offensive language & commercial endorsements are not allowed .
Contact information , such as email addresses , phone numbers , or URLs , is strictly prohibited and will result in the deletion of the post .
You may submit a merchant review through the Merchant Ratings System on the Site or through the Shopper Satisfaction Survey to describe your shopping experiences with merchants .
You may submit a merchant review only in good faith and about a merchant from whom you have actually purchased or attempted to purchase products , limited to where you have ( i ) completed the ordering process , ( ii ) exchanged payment data , and/or ( iii ) received an invoice number .
You agree to submit the corresponding and legitimate invoice number or equivalent confirmation of order number/identifier when submitting the merchant review ( `` Invoice Number '' ) .
You acknowledge and agree that the Invoice Number will be made available by PriceGrabber to the applicable merchant in conjunction with your review , and accordingly , the merchant may be able to contact you regarding your review or otherwise .
You may only describe your experience with the merchant for which you are writing a merchant review .
You should not review any merchant on situations that are not controlled by the merchant you are reviewing .
You may submit no more than one merchant review of a particular merchant in any thirty ( 30 ) day period .
Any merchant review that you submit is subject to the conditions and restrictions described in the CONTENT SUBMISSION section , above .
You acknowledge and agree that PriceGrabber may , in its sole discretion , post only the first ten ( 10 ) merchant reviews it receives from users ( which may not include your review ) that are related , on a case by case basis and in whole or in part , to a product or service listing error by a merchant , such as , but not limited to , an error in the price of a product ( s ) or a service , the number of units of a product ( s ) available for a certain price , the shipping rates for product ( s ) , or inventory levels .
Upon becoming aware of the same , PriceGrabber will omit any merchant review that it determines on the face of the review ( only ) violates any requirements in this Terms of Use or the Member Agreement .
PriceGrabber will not itself edit or modify the contents of a merchant review ; it will only remove a review in accordance with the foregoing .
By providing the Invoice Number , you acknowledge and agree that you may be contacted by PriceGrabber and/or the applicable merchant to which/whom the invoice relates .
You acknowledge and agree that your review may not be displayed if the Invoice Number does not match the associated information in PriceGrabber 's records .
A merchant may dispute the validity of an invoice identified by you and may submit a complaint to PriceGrabber .
This may result in PriceGrabber opening a user review inquiry .
During the user review inquiry , PriceGrabber may , in its sole discretion , remove the contested review , and/or require additional data or proof from the user to determine whether the review should remain or be reinstated on the Site .
Failure of the user to participate in the user review inquiry will result in the removal of the contested review from the Site .
OTHER BUSINESSES AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
PriceGrabber may provide links to the sites of third-party merchants , affiliated companies , co-brand partners and other parties .
These links are provided solely as a convenience to you , and do not constitute an endorsement by PriceGrabber of the content of such third-party sites nor of the business practices of such other businesses , entities or individuals .
PriceGrabber is not responsible for examining or evaluating , and does not warrant or claim responsibility in any way , the products , services , offerings or business practices of any of these businesses , entities or individuals or the content of their web sites .
You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use .
PriceGrabber has no control over the business practices of any third-party merchant or seller , nor does it controlin any way the quality , safety or legality of any item listed on the Site or any business transaction that occurs as a result of products listed on the Site .
IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND A MERCHANT LISTED ON THE SITE , TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , YOU RELEASE PRICEGRABBER , ITS SUBSIDIARIES , AFFILIATES , CO-BRAND PARTNERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES UNDER CONTRACT WITH PRICEGRABBER , AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , EMPLOYEES , AGENTS , AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES FROM AND AGAINST CLAIMS AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND , KNOWN AND UNKNOWN , SUSPECTED AND UNSUSPECTED , DISCLOSED AND UNDISCLOSED , ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH A DISPUTE .
If you are a California resident , by using the Site , you explicitly waive the rights granted to you under California Civil Code 1542 , which states : `` A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release , which , if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor . ''
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE SITE IS PROVIDED BY PRICEGRABBER ON AN `` AS IS '' AND ON AN `` AS AVAILABLE '' BASIS .
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , PRICEGRABBER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION , CONTENT , GRAPHICS , LINKS , MATERIALS , PRODUCTS , OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON THE SITE , OR THEIR ACCURACY , RELIABILITY , COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS .
IN ADDITION , THIRD PARTIES PROVIDE SOME OF THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE ; TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , PRICEGRABBER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIAL .
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY TRANSACTION RESULTING THEREOF IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK .
PRICEGRABBER DOES NOT GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS , UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THE SITE OR THE SERVICES .
OPERATION OF THE SITE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY NUMEROUS FACTORS OUTSIDE OF PRICEGRABBER 'S CONTROL .
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , PRICEGRABBER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE , MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS REGARDING THE SITE .
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , PRICEGRABER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES REVIEWED ON THE SITE OR BOUGHT AND/OR SOLD USING THE SITE , OR THAT SELLERS OR BUYERS WILL PERFORM AS PROMISED BY THEM , OR THAT THE SITE , ITS SERVERS , OR E-MAIL SENT FROM PRICEGRABBER ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS .
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW , PRICEGRABBER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SITE , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES , OR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO LOSS OF BUSINESS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES .
CERTAIN STATE LAWS IN THE UNITED STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES .
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU , SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS , EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU , AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS .
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY OF THE CONTENTS OF THE SITE , OR DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS , WITH PRICEGRABBER 'S PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY OTHER POLICIES OF THE SITE , YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE SITE .
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , you agree to defend , indemnify and hold PriceGrabber , its subsidiaries , affiliates , co-brand partners , and other parties with which PriceGrabber is under contract , and their respective officers , directors , employees and agents free and harmless from and against any claims , actions and demands , including , without limitation , any legal and accounting fees resulting from your use of the Site and/or your breach of the Terms of Use and Privacy Statement and/or Member Agreement , and/or resulting from any and all content you submit to PriceGrabber and/or the Site .
PriceGrabber shall provide notice to you of any such claim , suit or proceeding .
These Terms of Use and Privacy Statement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California , without regard to principles of conflicts or choice of law .
In addition , the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods , including any amendments thereto , is expressly excluded hereby .
Except for disputes arising from an alleged violation of intellectual property rights or breach of confidentiality , for which the injured party may suffer irreparable harm and may seek a restraining order , preliminary injunctive relief , an injunction , specific performance or other equitable relief and/or legal remedies , and actions to enforce the decisions of the arbitrators , for which action may be taken in any court of competent jurisdiction , all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement , including the scope , the construction or application of this Agreement , shall be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association then in force .
The arbitration hearings and all meetings pursuant to this section shall be held in Los Angeles , California , USA , and shall be conducted in English .
If the parties can not agree upon a single arbitrator within fifteen ( 15 ) days after demand by either of them , each party shall select one arbitrator knowledgeable about Internet commerce in California and the USA generally , and notify the other of its selection , and such two arbitrators shall select a third from a list of arbitrators ( with knowledge of the Internet industry ) qualified by the American Arbitration Association in California .
If this procedure for selecting arbitrators fails , then a neutral arbitrator based in California with knowledge of Internet commerce in California and the USA generally shall be selected by the American Arbitration Association to resolve the dispute .
The arbitrator ( s ) shall conduct a hearing within thirty ( 30 ) days after their selection .
A majority of the arbitrators ( if there is more than one pursuant to this clause ) shall determine the decision/award , which shall be rendered within five ( 5 ) days after the completion of the hearing .
The decision of the arbitrator ( s ) shall be final and binding upon the parties both as to law and to fact , and shall not be appealable to any court in any jurisdiction .
The parties shall share the expenses of the arbitrators equally .
Nothing in any indemnification provision hereunder shall be construed as having any bearing on the award of attorneys ' fees or arbitrators ' fees under this section .
IP OWNERSHIP AND COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
PriceGrabber disclaims any responsibility for the content of any third party materials provided through or on its Site or other services ( `` Third Party Content '' ) .
PriceGrabber will respond to notices of alleged infringement regarding Third Party Content sent pursuant to , and in accordance with , the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( `` DMCA '' ) , which may include PriceGrabber removing or disabling access to Third Party Content claimed to be the subject of infringement or other activity .
All notices sent to PriceGrabber regarding matters other than informing PriceGrabber that a party 's copyrighted material may have been infringed ( and relating only to Third Party Content ) will not receive a response through this process .
Written notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent :
Attn : General Counsel
4859 W. Slauson Ave. # 259
Los Angeles , CA 90056
By Fax : ( 323 ) 601 - 1678
To be effective , your infringement notification must include the following :
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed ;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed , or if multiple copyrighted works at a single web site are covered by a single notification , a representative list of such works at that web site ;
Identification of the material ( i.e. , the Third Party Content ) that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled , and information reasonably sufficient to permit PriceGrabber to locate the material ;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit PriceGrabber to contact the complaining party , such as an address , telephone number , and if available , an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted ;
A statement , as follows : `` I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law '' ; and
A statement , as follows : `` The information in this notification is accurate , and under penalty of perjury , I swear that I am the copyright owner or that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed . ''
Upon receipt of the written notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 6 above :
PriceGrabber shall remove or disable access to the Third Party Content that is alleged to be infringing ;
PriceGrabber shall forward the written notification to the alleged infringer ( the `` Subscriber '' ) ;
PriceGrabber shall take reasonable steps to promptly notify the Subscriber that it has removed or disabled access to the Third Party Content .
To be effective , a Counter Notification must be a written communication provided to PriceGrabber 's Designated Agent that includes substantially the following :
A physical or electronic signature of the Subscriber ;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled ;
A statement , as follows : `` I swear under penalty of perjury that it is my good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled '' ;
The Subscriber 's name , address , and telephone number , and a statement that the Subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the Subscriber 's address is located , or if the Subscriber 's address is outside of the United States , for any judicial district in which PriceGrabber may be found , and that the Subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person .
Upon receipt of a Counter Notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 4 above , the DMCA provides that the removed material will be restored or access re-enabled and PriceGrabber will comply with this requirement within a reasonable time ( or as otherwise required by law ) , provided PriceGrabber 's Designated Agent has not received notice from the original complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain Subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on PriceGrabber 's network or system .
If any provision of these Terms of Use and Privacy Statement or the Member Agreement is held to be invalid , void or unenforceable for any reason , such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable .
Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define , limit , construe or describe the scope or extent of such section .
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches .
You agree that these Terms of Use and Privacy Statement and the Member Agreement and all agreements and notices incorporated herein may be automatically assigned by PriceGrabber , in our sole discretion , to a third party .
You may not assign your obligations to any other entity .
A Special Note about Children 's Privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to use this website .
We do not knowingly collect , use or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age .
If you are under 18 years of age , you can use the services offered on our website only in conjunction with your parents or guardians .
Please review PriceGrabber 's other policies posted on the Site , which are incorporated herein by reference .
PriceGrabber 's mailing address is :
4859 W. Slauson Ave. # 259
Los Angeles , CA 90056
At PriceGrabber.com Inc .
( `` PriceGrabber '' ) we want you to know exactly how and when we collect and use information that can specifically identify you , such as your name , mailing address , phone number , and email address ( `` personal information '' ) .
We do not require that you provide , nor do we collect , any personal information if you are just browsing the Site .
We may offer on the Site non-transactional and transaction based services ( `` Service ( s ) '' ) in which , subject to applicable terms and availability , you may participate ( e.g. , submitting product reviews or becoming a Member to buy or sell items through the Storefronts Service ) .
In order to provide you with the Services you request , PriceGrabber may require that you first provide certain personal information , which we determine is reasonably necessary in order for us to fulfill your request .
If you indicate an interest in participating in a Service , we will identify what specific personal information you must provide prior to collecting such information .
Any personal information which we collect from you will only be used for the purposes identified in this Privacy Statement , the PriceGrabber Terms of Use and your applicable Member Agreement with PriceGrabber , and as may otherwise be indicated at the time the information is collected .
PriceGrabber will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless : 1 ) it is necessary in order to provide you with a particular Service you have requested ; 2 ) it is required of PriceGrabber in order to comply with a legal process in any applicable jurisdiction ( e.g. , court order , subpoena , search warrant , law enforcement request ) ; 3 ) PriceGrabber determines , in its sole discretion , that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights , property , and safety of PriceGrabber , its subsidiaries , affiliates , co-brand partners or other parties under contract with PriceGrabber , our users , or others ; or 4 ) you have provided such data through a partner 's private-level shopping web site hosted by PriceGrabber , in which case PriceGrabber may provide your personal data to that partner ( PriceGrabber is not responsible for its partners ' privacy policies or their use , storage and processing of data collected on their web sites ) .
In addition , PriceGrabber may transmit information to a merchant , such as an invoice number , which may permit the merchant to deduce the identity of a user/reviewer in the event that a merchant disputes a user review on the grounds that a transaction never took place between the user and the merchant and/or an order was never made by the user in each case for the applicable product ( s ) /service ( s ) .
In certain instances , PriceGrabber may request that you provide secondary information ( e.g. , demographic information ) , which we may use , for example , to learn more about our customers and to develop and improve our services .
Any requests for secondary information will be marked `` optional '' ( or its equivalent ) .
We may compile your personal information with that collected from other customers to create aggregate data .
Aggregate data is information about groups of customers and , once compiled , will in no way identify you as an individual .
We may disclose aggregate data to our business affiliates , advertisers , and other parties .
Our web servers collect from Site visitor 's statistical information regarding what pages are visited , the date and time of the visits , how long it took a user to download a page , and the TCP/IP address of the user .
These automated server functions do not collect this information in a manner intended to identify your individual use of the Site , nor do we use this information for any such purpose .
This information is collected to assist us in maintaining a high quality site , as well as , providing necessary traffic information to our advertisers .
We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications .
We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site .
The type of information we collect includes the product codes and prices for merchandise that visitors purchase , and the pages visited .
By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used .
The Site contains cookie technology , which collects non-personal information about you which is used to customize the Site for your future use .
For example , we utilize a cookie in the BottomLinePriceTM .
feature of the Site to store the zip code that you are using to provide customized shipping and sales tax information .
In conjunction with our in-house advertising , we use third-party advertising companies to place customized advertisements on the pages you view on the Site .
Our third-party advertising companies also separately place or recognize a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to the Site .
These companies may use non-personal information collected by the cookies about your visits to the Site and other web sites in order to provide you with advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
You can prevent the use of cookies on your computer by adjusting the privacy settings in your browser .
The Site contains links to web sites of third parties .
PriceGrabber is not responsible for the actions of these third parties , including their privacy practices and any content posted on their web sites .
We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what , why and how they collect and use personal information .
PriceGrabber adheres to industry recognized standards to secure any personal information in our possession , and to secure it from unauthorized access and tampering .
However , as is true with all online actions , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions of personal information , or other users of the Site may misuse or abuse your personal information that they may collect from the Site .
PriceGrabber uses third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Site .
These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients .
To do so , these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites , but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you .
This information can include : date/time of banner ad shown , the banner ad that was shown , their cookie , and the IP address .
This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may either visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies .
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site .
This site will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies ' privacy policies .
Privacy Statement for Users Transacting Using the Storefronts Service
If you participate in a transaction through the Storefronts Service , you should be aware that PriceGrabber will disclose certain of your personal information to the other transacting party as follows :
If you are the seller or a buyer using the Storefronts Services , we may provide to the other party to the transaction your : complete name , e-mail and telephone number .
In the event that a seller and a buyer in a Storefronts transaction agree to use a money order or cashiers check for transaction payment , the seller is obligated to receive payment at the address that matches the address for a valid credit card on file with PriceGrabber .
For transactional services available to our Members such as those involving our Storefronts Service , in addition to the above , we will request credit card information and additional personal data to PriceGrabber .
PriceGrabber will provide the buyer with the seller 's name and address , and seller must agree to the provision of this information to buyer by PriceGrabber to verify your identity .
PriceGrabber may verify the information provided in membership applications by authorizing a charge on the credit card provided in the application , not to exceed $ 5.00 , but PriceGrabber does not actually charge the credit card any money in the verification process .
AS A SELLER USING THE STOREFRONTS SERVICE YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION WILL NEVER BE INTENTIONALLY DISCLOSED TO ANY OTHER MEMBER .
PRICEGRABBER WILL NOT PASS THE BUYER 'S CREDIT CARD INFORMATION TO THE SELLER IF THE BUYER CHOOSES TO PAY WITH A FORM OF PAYMENT OTHER THAN CREDIT CARD .
WHEN USING THE STOREFRONTS SERVICE , PRICEGRABBER MAY DISCLOSE YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION TO THE SELLER , OR TO THE AGENTS THAT PROCESS THE SELLER 'S CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS , ONLY IF YOU SELECT TO PAY VIA CREDIT CARD FOR YOUR PURCHASES .
PRICEGRABBER MAY ALSO DISCLOSE A MEMBER 'S CREDIT CARD INFORMATION TO THOSE COMPANIES THAT PRICEGRABBER USES TO AUTHORIZE AND PROCESS CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS .
All content , graphics , format , design , the user interface and other copyrighted material on the Site ( collectively , `` materials '' ) are protected by copyright law and other intellectual property laws , and are owned by PriceGrabber and/or its licensors ( as the case may be ) .
The materials from the Site are only available for informational and non-commercial offline use , provided that : the materials are not modified in any way ; all copyright and other proprietary notices and markings are retained and reproduced in their entirety on any copy made from any material on the Site ; and PriceGrabber has , in its sole discretion , given its prior written approval to such use of the Site 's materials .
PriceGrabber , PriceGrabber.com and The Smart Place to Start Your Shopping are registered trademarks of PriceGrabber , and the PriceGrabber.com logo , and `` Smart Shopping Anytime , Anywhere '' , and `` Comparison Shopping Beyond Compare '' mark are trademarks of PriceGrabber .
Any other product names , marks , symbols , trade names , company names and/or logos which appear within the Site are the property of their respective owners and appear through the courtesy of , and/or a license from , such owners .
Such marks , in addition to the PriceGrabber trademarks , are protected by US law , including without limitation its laws on trademark and unfair competition , and may also be protected by the laws in other countries .
This website is free to operate with respect to U.S. Patent No . 6,529,908
Copyright 2014 PriceGrabber.com Inc .
All rights reserved .

Priceline.com is owned and operated by priceline.com Incorporated ( together with its subsidiaries , `` priceline.com '' ) .
The following describes the privacy policy ( as amended or otherwise changed from time to time , the `` Privacy Policy '' ) applicable to the services available through the priceline.com web site , our mobile applications and other interfaces ( the `` Site '' ) from priceline.com .
By visiting the Site , you are consenting to the collection , use , disclosure and processing of your personal data described in this Privacy Policy .
On occasion priceline.com may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law , our Personal Data collection and use practices , the features of our Site , or advances in technology .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Priceline.com complies with the EU Safe Harbor framework ( `` EU Safe Harbor '' ) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union ( `` EU '' ) .
Priceline.com has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In particular , priceline.com adheres to the EU Safe Harbor with respect to personally identifiable data obtained in the US about : ( i ) customers and visitors to this Site from the European Union ( `` EU Customer Data '' ) ; ( ii ) suppliers , business partners , customers , and website visitors of our EU affiliates ( `` EU Affiliate Data '' ) ; and ( iii ) employees of our EU affiliates ( `` EU Employee Data '' ) .
EU Customer Data is handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy , and any questions about such data should be directed to us as specified in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
If we can not answer or resolve such questions directly , the individual concerned may contact TRUSTe .
We process EU Affiliate Data on behalf of , and in accordance with the instructions of , our relevant affiliates in the EU , such as in connection with customer support and other business functions .
In addition , in limited circumstances , we may also obtain EU Affiliate Data as necessary or appropriate in connection with litigation , government inquiries , internal inquiries , or similar matters .
Questions about EU Affiliate Data should be directed to us as specified in the `` How to Contact Us '' section below .
If we or our EU affiliates can not answer or resolve such questions directly , the individual concerned may contact the data protection authorities in their home country in the EU for further information .
In addition , we maintain internal policies and procedures governing the handling of EU Employee Data .
Priceline has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software or our mobile applications .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please click here to contact our Help Center .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
We value your trust in us and will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend us to your friends and family .
We collect personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Data '' ) about you that you provide to us while using the Site .
Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual , such as your name , address , phone number , credit card number or e-mail address .
We also collect non-personally identifiable information , which may be linked to your Personal Data , including your log-in name , IP address , search preferences related to specific searches , and bids through your interactions with our site .
Third parties also may collect non-personally identifiable information on our Site as described below .
Such third parties may be located outside of the European Economic Area in countries which may not provide for the same level of protection as the laws in your home jurisdiction .
Our Site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Priceline .
If you submit personal information to any of those web sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit .
You can log in to our Site using single sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Protecting Your Personal Data
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure correct use of Personal Data , we will employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies .
To protect credit card transactions while in transit , Priceline.com currently uses Secure Socket Layer technology to encrypt Personal Data .
If you purchase certain services , such as airline tickets , for other travelers , we will collect the names of the other travelers .
You must make sure that you have the right to provide such information .
By providing any Personal Data of another traveler , you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect , use and disclose such Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Personal Data of other travelers is collected only for the purpose of providing such other travelers ' names to the appropriate travel supplier , such as the airline on which travel will occur .
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use Personal Data to provide you with the products and services from our Site , to build features that will make the services available on the Site easier to use , and to contact you about these services .
This includes faster purchase requests , better customer support and timely notice of new services and special offers and more relevant content .
From time to time , priceline.com may contact you to request feedback on your experience using the Site , to assist us in improving the Site , or to offer special savings or promotions to you , as a Site user .
If you would prefer not to receive notices of special savings or promotions , you may simply opt-out from receiving them by replying to priceline.com using the hyperlink provided in these notices .
Sharing Your Personal Data
Priceline.com does not share your Personal Data , except as disclosed in this statement or unless we receive your consent .
Priceline.com may share your Personal Data with its subsidiaries and with third parties as described in the categories below :
Certain Services : In order to provide you with certain services , we may share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries or third party partners , or require that you transact directly with a third party partner .
Third party partners consist of companies with which priceline.com has contracted in order to provide you with services or products featured on our Site .
Please refer to the websites of third party suppliers for their Privacy Policies and other information on the suppliers .
Below is a list of some of such services :
Pay When You StaySM and/or Book Now , Pay LaterSM Hotel Products .
In addition to our other hotel booking services , Priceline.com offers hotel services labeled as `` Pay When You StaySM '' .
`` Book Now , Pay LaterSM '' and certain hotel offerings or special offers where a deposit is payable directly to the hotel ( which will be disclosed to you in the Important Information section of your contract page ) .
These `` Pay When You StaySM '' , `` Book Now , Pay LaterSM '' or direct hotel deposit reservation services are supported by Booking.com B.V. ( `` Booking.com '' ) , a priceline.com subsidiary located in the Netherlands .
Any Personal Data obtained in connection with such transactions is provided to Booking.com for processing and certain customer support services .
Booking.com maintains reasonable measures to protect the security of Personal Data in accordance with priceline.com 's standards , and acts in accordance with priceline.com 's instructions with respect to the performance of the transactions and other handling of the Personal Data .
Priceline Cruises are offered through World Travel Holdings , Inc .
( `` WTH '' ) .
When you provide Personal Data in connection with the purchase or booking of a cruise , you are providing such Personal Data to WTH , which holds such Personal Data on our behalf .
Our contract with WTH requires WTH to maintain such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Priceline Group Hotels .
Priceline Group Hotels are offered through Lexyl Travel Technologies , Inc .
( `` Lexyl '' ) .
When you provide Personal Data in connection with the Group Hotels service , you are providing such Personal Data to Lexyl , which holds such Personal Data on our behalf .
Our contract with Lexyl requires Lexyl to maintain such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Share the TV Spots .
If you elect to use our `` Share the TV Spots '' service to send priceline.com Negotiator video clips to a friend , we will ask you for your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email containing the video clip you selected .
Priceline.com does not store this information .
We may revise this list from time to time if we decide to offer additional services through these or other third-party partners .
Priceline.com 's Agents : Many of the operations we perform require us to hire other companies to help us with these tasks .
For example , priceline.com hires companies to help us handle mail and e-mail ( including sending and delivering packages , postal mail and e-mail ) analyze the data we collect , market our products and services , handle credit card transactions and provide customer service .
The companies we employ to help us with these tasks have access to Personal Data to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Priceline.com requires all agents to whom Personal Data is disclosed to enter into confidentiality agreements and to agree to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Policy .
In some instances we utilize service provider platforms to help us provide certain services to you such as our Career services provider where this Policy governs the collection and use of your Personal Data even though you are on a third party website .
In these instances you will always know whose privacy policy governs the collection and use of your Personal Data by clicking on the Privacy Policy link provided .
External Service Providers : When you use the priceline.com service to purchase an airline ticket , reserve a hotel room or a rental car or to take advantage of any of our other products and services ( including travel insurance and destination attractions ) , we provide Personal Data to the airline , hotel , car rental agency , travel agency or other involved third-party .
Please refer to the websites of third party suppliers for their Privacy Policies and other information on the suppliers .
Advertisements , Marketing Material and Other Offers : Unless you tell us that you do not want to receive these offers , priceline.com or those companies that we have a commercial relationship with , may occasionally send advertisements , marketing material or other offers that we think might be of interest to you .
If you do not want to receive these advertisements , marketing material or other offers , please click here to unsubscribe .
Future Business Transfers : Our business is constantly changing .
As part of that process , priceline.com may sell or buy other companies , and Personal Data may be transferred as part of these transactions .
It is also possible that priceline.com , or substantially all of its assets , may be acquired by another company , whether by merger , sale of assets or otherwise , and Personal Data may be transferred as part of such a transaction .
Compliance with Law and Other Disclosures : Priceline.com reserves the right to release Personal Data in order to comply with applicable law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our the Site .
We may also release Personal Data to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services , protect us or others against fraudulent or inappropriate activities , or otherwise protect the rights , property or safety of priceline.com , our affiliated companies , our customers , or others .
Our Policy Concerning Cookies ( & Persistent Local Data
To serve you faster and with better quality , we use `` cookie '' technology and also allow third parties to use cookies on our Site .
Cookies are small bits of code , usually stored on a user 's computer hard drive or device , which enable a web site to `` personalize '' itself for each user by remembering information about the user 's visit to the web site .
As described in more detail below , priceline.com 's cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience on our web site .
The third party cookies used on our site are also designed to improve your web site experience by facilitating the receipt of targeted advertisements while on our site and while you are viewing other , non-priceline.com web sites .
Priceline Cookies ( First Party Cookies ) : We , at priceline.com , use our cookies to reduce the time it takes for you to submit purchase requests .
For example , we use a cookie to store a registered user 's e-mail address so that the user does not need to enter their e-mail address each time that they log-in onto priceline.com .
We will also use a cookie to keep track of your search criteria while you are engaging priceline.com 's services .
Priceline.com cookies are associated with a user 's personal information .
No third party has access to the information we collect through our priceline.com cookies , but if you 'd rather we did n't use priceline.com cookies when you visit us , click here and we will help you turn them off .
Third Party Cookies and Pixels : We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads while you are visiting our site and permit these companies to place and access their own cookies on your computer in the course of serving advertisements on this site .
These companies may use information obtained through their cookie ( which does not include your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visits to our and other web sites , in combination with non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other online sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not ours .
Such advertisers do not have access to our cookies .
In addition , we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with these companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on our site and other sites .
For these purposes , we and our third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags ( also called clear gifs ) on some of the pages you visit on our site .
We will then use the non-personally identifiable information that is collected using these pixel tags to serve you relevant advertisements when you are visiting other sites on the Internet .
These advertisements may be targeted to specific searches you conducted on priceline.com during earlier browsing sessions .
If you wish to block other cookies , including those being served by companies that are not part of the Network Advertising Initiative click here or here .
However , without cookies you may not have access to certain features on our Site , including access to your profile/account and certain personalized content .
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer 's hard drive by searching for files with `` cookie '' in it .
This action could affect your subsequent visits to certain web sites , including the priceline.com web site , by requiring that , for example , you enter you login name when you return to that web site .
These links are provided for your information only .
Priceline.com is not affiliated with any of these third-party sites and does not make any representations or warranties about the information they contain .
In addition , Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies as well to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here .
How You Can Access or Change Your Personally-Identifying Information
Priceline.com understands that you may want to change , access or delete your Personal Data .
You may do so by accessing your profile or by contacting us click here .
To protect your privacy and security , we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information .
Any request to access your personally-identifying information will be answered in less than 30 days .
If you have registered your profile on any of the services available on our site , your e-mail address and password are required in order to access your profile information .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
A Special Note About Children
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use any services on our site .
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions , concerns or comments , please click here .
Priceline.com Incorporated is located at 800 Connecticut Avenue , Norwalk , Connecticut 06854 .
available on the App Store Priceline.com gives leisure travelers the inside track to the best travel deals and discounts around .
With our exclusive deal search technology and negotiating power , priceline consistently delivers more ways to save on airline tickets , hotel rooms , rental cars , vacation packages and cruises than anyone else .

Penn State Web Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting The Pennsylvania State University ( Penn State ) website and reviewing our privacy policy .
Penn State is comprised of many colleges , units and activities , all of which may have individual representation on the web .
Penn State does not collect your personal information when you visit one of our websites unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Penn State does not sell , exchange , or release your personal information to outside parties without your consent .
Once we obtain your consent , we consider it valid until revoked by you .
This privacy policy applies only to the online activities of Penn State .
For direct mail and other marketing activities not involving electronic commerce , Penn State adheres to the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy guidelines .
If You Send Us Personal Information
Penn State 's websites only will collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide to us by for example sending emails , completing information forms , registering for accounts , responding to surveys or ordering merchandise .
If you provide us with personal information , we will respond to your inquiry , request or order .
We also may contact you to provide information about Penn State activities , programs , memberships and development opportunities , products and special events that may interest you .
Please note that if you purchase items from the various e-commerce sites , you will automatically receive emails about new products , special offers , sales and other promotions that may be of interest to you .
In such cases , we may share limited personal information that we have collected from you , including personally identifiable information , so that we or our trusted partners may contact you with offers that may interest you .
Additionally , we may occasionally combine your personal information with information from other third parties to enable us or our third party partners to provide you with a more personalized marketing experience .
You will always be provided an opportunity to opt-out of all such communications , and you may unsubscribe from such communications at any time .
When we send you information by email , you always will have an immediate opportunity to decline further communication .
Please use the contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name .
Penn State uses outside vendors to provide certain services on our behalf , such as email distribution , order fulfillment and shipping .
These third-party vendors will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but may not use that information for any other purpose .
Penn State may offer opportunities for you to opt-in to receive information from non-Penn State entities .
If you opt-in , you may receive correspondence from these organizations on programs , products or services that might interest you .
If you decide to opt-out of receiving any further correspondence from a non-Penn State entity , please correspond directly with that business or organization to be removed from its mailing list .
Otherwise , we will not share your name or information outside Penn State unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so by opting-in .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our website , we automatically gather and store the following information about your visit so that we can track the use of our website in order to make improvements .
This information includes , but is not limited to the following and is stored and used in aggregate form only :
The IP address from which you access our website
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet ( for example , aol.com , if you are connecting from an America Online account )
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website
The date and time you access our site
The pages , files , documents and links that you visit
The Internet address of the website from which you linked to this website
It is not used to contact you personally .
In addition to information collected automatically , we use cookies , which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit .
These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information .
Cookies are used to track usage patterns , traffic trends and customer behavior , as well as to record other information from the website .
When you register on the website , cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit .
Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies .
Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of users and will only be used in aggregate form .
As mentioned above , Penn State may employ outside companies to provide marketing services on our behalf .
With our approval , these third parties also may place cookies during your visit .
These third-party companies will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but can not use that information for any other purpose .
These third-party companies only will collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit or transaction , such as the URLs which lead you to , around and from our site , pages visited , the product ( s ) purchased , and the amount spent ; these companies will not have access to information that will allow them to personally identify you .
Penn State may use third-party advertising and analytic companies to serve ads on and about our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visit to this website or other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements and offers that may be of interest to you .
The Penn State privacy policy does not cover any use of information that third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons ) .
Penn State may use third-party research companies that may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address or telephone number ) about your visit to this website or other websites in order to provide quantitative analysis about our audience .
You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit .
If you choose to do so , you may still gain access to most of Penn State 's websites , but you may not be able to take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered .
Penn State is concerned about protecting children 's privacy .
We do not collect personally identifiable information from children .
If a visitor known to be a child ( under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) ) sends an email to Penn State , we only will use it to respond to the writer and not to create profiles or otherwise retain the information .
We take commercially reasonable precautions to ensure that all credit card transactions that occur on Penn State websites are secure .
When you submit your credit card for any purchase , that transaction is encrypted using `` Secure Socket Layer '' ( SSL ) encryption to protect your credit card information .
We review network traffic to ensure that our site remains available to all users and to identify unauthorized attempts to access , upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized access is prohibited and punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
Within Penn State 's websites are advertisements , widgets and other content links to non-Penn State websites .
These sites operate independently of Penn State and have their own privacy policies .
Penn State is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-Penn State websites , and such links are not intended to be an endorsement of the non-Penn State website or its content .
For your protection , you should review the privacy policy of the site you linked to from our website .
Penn State is a large organization with many people sharing responsibility for the content of its websites .
Please help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them to the appropriate Penn State office .

We take your privacy seriously .
We only ask you to provide information that we need in order to deliver the service or information you have requested .
a ) At this website , your personally identifiable information is collected from you when you use the website to perform certain tasks , such as :
i ) When you post or comment on an article or blogpost or send email to us ( such as your name and email address ) .
ii ) When you send email to a professional listed in one of the professional directories ( such as your name and email address ) or when you email a friend about a professional ( such as your name and email address and your friend 's name and email address ) .
Please note that we do not read or retain the message in your e-mail .
iii ) When you call a professional using their number listed in one of the professional directories ( such as information about where the call was placed ) .
iv ) When you fill out a self-assessment or take a self-test .
The assessments and tests are administered by third-parties which have its own Privacy Policies concerning information they may collect from users .
Please refer to their policies via the Privacy Policy links on the assessment and test pages .
v ) When you subscribe to a publication ( such as your name and address ) .
vi ) When you purchase something from us .
Your payment information is submitted directly to the credit card processor , who is responsible for its use and security .
vii ) When you register to be listed in our directories .
We collect information that will be used to create your profile in the directory , such as name , address , email address , as well as well as such professional information as your qualifications , certifications , the demographic region in which you practice , and your fields of specialty .
We collect additional information for our records that may not be displayed as part of your directory profile , but is necessary to check the information you provide or accept payment from you .
viii ) When you open an email communication from us in your email program , we may use a software technology called web beacons that to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients .
This allows us to know how well customers respond to certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
b ) In addition , like most sites , we maintain logs of site usage for purposes such as to evaluate our users ' interest level in areas of the website , which and how many pages they look at , how long they stay on the website , and what Web browsers are used .
This data is tracked in aggregate form , not at an individual user level , and is not uniquely identifying .
The aggregate level data may be shared with third parties and the public .
Our Use of Your Information
We only use information we collect to provide you the services on our website that you request .
a ) We share information with third parties only when needed to deliver to you products or services that you request .
For example , we share information from publication subscribers with the company that mails the magazines and information from those who purchase something from us with the credit card payment processing company .
Some professionals wishing to list their services may have the information provided used to check with state licensing boards .
Otherwise , we do not share or sell any personally identifiable information about website visitors .
b ) We may use a software technology called `` cookies '' to create a personalized Web experience for our users .
Cookies can not be used to find your name , email address , or anything that is uniquely identifying about you , unless you provide that information .
We use cookies for those applications that require us to keep track of information to customize results .
If you do n't have your browser set to accept cookies , certain areas of the website may not function properly .
c ) We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
d ) When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party websites , the third party may collect information about you at their Web site .
The third party may have its own privacy policies that differ from ours .
We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any website you visit .
The materials you post on the website , such as articles , blogposts , directory information and comments , are made available to be seen and read by other users of the website .
No such materials are treated confidentially .
We will remove your materials from the website at your request , but we can not give any assurances that such materials are not still available from servers maintained by others ( such as search engines or proxy servers ) or that others have not already downloaded and stored such materials .
From time to time , we obtain lists of people who may be interested in our products and services from third-party marketing list suppliers .
We use these lists to send direct marketing promotions by mail or by email .
We do our best to obtain these lists only from suppliers who collect their lists in compliance with applicable law , but we are not responsible for the conduct and policies of these suppliers .
Please note that even if you are a registered customer of ours and have asked us not to use the information you provided to us to send you promotional material , a third-party marketing list supplier may still provide us with your name and address .
As a result , you may receive the promotional material sent by us to others on the supplier 's list .
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , we can not guarantee your privacy .
Further , we may disclose personal information when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on us .
We may also disclose personal information in cooperation with a law enforcement request .
We reserve the right to change this policy in accordance with the amendment policy in the website 's Terms of Use .

Privacy for Electronic Information ( VII.B.2 )
Volume VII : Information Technology
Chapter B : Security
Issuing Office : OVPIT
Responsible Officer : VPIT
Responsible Office : OVPIT
Originally Issued : May 25 , 2005
Most Recently Revised : November 18 , 2011
Who Should Know This Policy
The right to privacy is a deeply held conviction , especially within intellectual and academic communities .
Privacy is critical to the intellectual freedom that forms the foundation of higher education .
While the right to individual privacy is highly valued in the University community , it must , however , be balanced with legal obligations and the larger needs of the community .
Although Purdue University seeks to create , maintain , and protect the privacy of electronic information on its IT Resources , users should be aware that the use of Purdue 's IT Resources is not completely private .
Accordingly , users of Purdue 's IT Resources are hereby specifically notified that they have no expectation of privacy in connection with their use of such IT Resources .
Except as provided in this policy , Purdue University does not routinely monitor the content of communications or transmissions using IT Resources .
The normal operation and maintenance of the University 's IT Resources require the back up and caching of data and communications , the logging of activity , the monitoring of general usage patterns , and other such activities .
There are also special circumstances such as illness ; death ; violation of University policies , regulations procedures or rules ; or illegal activity which may warrant intrusive or restrictive action within an individual 's computer account and/or devices .
The purpose of this policy is to outline the special circumstances under which the University may access content or electronically stored wire and electronic communications and information on its IT Resources in order to protect its legitimate business and academic Interests .
Those legitimate business and academic Interests include Purdue 's need to ensure that it can , without limitation , operate and maintain its IT Resources as well as protect the integrity , security , or functionality of University IT Resources ; protect the University 's other property , rights , and resources ; ensure compliance with University policies , procedures , or regulations ; preserve the integrity and reputation of the University ; safeguard the property , rights , and data of third parties ; and comply with applicable law .
This policy covers students , faculty , staff , and any and all individuals or entities using any Purdue IT Resources and all uses of such IT Resources .
Any individual or entity using Purdue IT Resources consents to all of the provisions of the following policy and agrees to comply with all of the terms and conditions set forth herein , all other applicable University policies , regulations , procedures and rules , and with applicable local , state , and federal law and regulations .
Violations of this policy or any other University policy or regulation may result in the revocation or limitation of IT Resource privileges as well as other disciplinary actions or may be referred to appropriate external authorities .
This policy covers the following types of information at all Purdue campuses :
Data , e-mail , and voice mail stored in IT Resources , including without limitation , computer accounts on University-owned systems or other University-owned Devices .
Data , e-mail , and voice mail stored in computer accounts or other Devices managed by the University on behalf of an associated organization ; for example , the Purdue Research Park .
Voice and data telecommunications traffic to , from , or between IT Resources , including without limitation any of the Devices listed above .
In general , the types of information enumerated above are considered private and can not be accessed by someone other than the person to whom the IT Resource account has been assigned , the person from whom the information originated , or the person to whom the Device has been assigned .
Furthermore , a s noted above , Purdue University does not routinely monitor the content of communications or transmissions using IT Resources .
The University does , however , specifically reserve the right , with or without notice , to intercept , access , monitor , inspect , copy , store , use , or disclose the contents of communications or transmissions employing IT Resources when it reasonably believes these actions are appropriate in order to protect its Interests .
More specifically , and without limiting the foregoing general rights , the University reserves the right to monitor and inspect computer accounts and Devices as warranted by the need to protect the information and services held on University IT Resources and any legal obligations that arise , and the University may , without notice , use : ( a ) security tools designed to locate security flaws in equipment connected to IT Resources ; ( b ) network monitoring hardware and software that capture the contents of packets traversing the network ; ( c ) network hardware and software designed to protect IT Resources and users of IT Resources , including without limitation Anti-Phishing Services , Anti-Virus Services , Intrusion Detection Systems , Spam Filtering Services , and Anti-Spyware Services ; or ( d ) system log information , including without limitation source and destination for a connection , session start and end times , login name , timestamps , and commands issued .
In addition , and again without limiting the above-enumerated general right to act when it reasonably believes these actions are appropriate in order to protect its Interests , the University may , acting through University-authorized technicians and administrators and pursuant to the procedures specified herein , access or permit access to the contents of communications or electronically stored wire and electronic communications and information employing IT Resources if it :
Has a reasonable belief that a process active in the account or device is causing or may cause significant damage to University IT Resources or could cause loss/damage to user , University , or third-party data .
Receive s a written request from federal , state , or local l aw enforcement agencies and complies with applicable University policies .
Has a reasonable belief that an individual has or is violating University policies , regulations , procedures , or rules using the accounts or Devices in question .
Determines that a staff member , faculty member , or student is deceased , has been terminated , or is otherwise unavailable for the purposes of retrieving information that is critical to the operational effectiveness of the department .
Receive s a written request from the Office of the Dean of Students on behalf of the parents , guardian , or personal representative of the estate of a deceased student .
Receive s a written request from the Purdue Director of Audits when Internal Audit is investigating fiscal misconduct linked to the user whose account or Device is in question .
Is authorized by an appropriate order of a court of competent jurisdiction and complies with applicable University policies relating to the handling of such orders .
Again , without limiting the foregoing general rights , the University may , in its sole discretion , disclose the results of any general or individual monitoring or accessing permitted hereunder , including the contents and records of individual communications , to appropriate University personnel or law enforcement agencies or use those results in appropriate University disciplinary proceedings .
Where applicable and warranted , the account or equipment user will be notified of the accessing or monitoring and the corrective actions taken .
The contents of the user 's e-mail , computer accounts , Devices , and network traffic may be recorded and stored to prevent destruction should the information be requested pursuant to valid legal process .
All users of University IT Resources , as a condition to the use of University IT Resources , specifically consent to the general rights of Purdue University specified herein .
Except for monitoring of activity and accounts of individual users of University IT Resources when the user has voluntarily made them accessible to the public , or where the University has reserved the right to do so without notice or by policy , any access to the contents of communications or electronically stored wire and electronic communications and information employing IT Resources permitted under this policy must , in addition to any requirements specified herein , be authorized as follows :
A dean , in the case of an academic unit , a vice president in the case of an administrative unit , and/or a chancellor in the case of a regional campus shall have made a written finding prior to such access that the access is reasonably required in order to protect the University 's Interests and shall have forwarded such written finding to the Office of the Vice President for Information Technology .
The official designee of the Office of the Vice President for Information Technology shall have made a written finding prior to such access that : ( a ) the access is reasonably required in order to protect the University 's Interests , and ( b ) authorizes the requested access and specifies the scope and conditions of any permitted access .
These written findings shall be maintained by the Office of the Vice President for Information Technology .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , the Vice President for Information Technology or his or her designee may authorize access in the event that he or she reasonably determines that : ( a ) there exists an emergency that materially threatens the University 's Interests , ( b ) that emergency access is reasonably required in order to protect the University 's Interests , and ( c ) he or she specifies the scope and conditions of any permitted access .
The OVPIT shall , as soon as reasonably possible after such emergency , make a written finding verifying the existence and satisfaction of the foregoing conditions .
Any access permitted hereunder shall be the minimum access required in order to protect the University 's Interests .
In all cases , technicians and administrators who receive requests from law enforcement or other outside agencies seeking access to computer accounts , files , or network traffic of an IT Resource user shall forward such requests to the appropriate and responsible Purdue department ( which may include without limitation the Purdue Police Department , Public Information Officer , Office of the Dean of Students , or the Employee Relations/Human Resource Policy department as appropriate ) in accordance with applicable Purdue policy .
In all cases , technicians and administrators will obtain written documentation of any requests made before accessing or permitting access to an individual 's electronic information resources .
WHO SHOULD KNOW THIS POLICY
Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Administrative and Professional Staff
Clerical and Service Staff
Laws that influence and affect this policy include but are not limited to :
Anti-Phishing Services Services designed to protect users from techniques used to gain personal information for purposes of identity theft , using fraudulent e-mail messages and Web pages that appear to be the property of legitimate businesses .
These authentic-looking messages and Web pages are designed to fool recipients into divulging personal data such as account numbers and passwords , credit card numbers , and Social Security numbers .
Anti-Spyware Services Services designed to protect users from software that covertly installs itself , gathers information without the user 's knowledge , and transmits this information to a third party , usually over the Internet .
Anti-Virus Services Services designed to protect a server or other computer from known or potential computer viruses .
Device ( s ) Any mechanism used to store , retrieve , manipulate , or transfer data such as a disk drive , compact disk , personal digital assistant , or cellular phone .
Interests The legitimate business and academic rights and responsibilities of the University .
These include , but are not limited to , protecting the University 's IT Resources , other property , rights , and resources ; ensuring compliance with University policies , procedures , or regulations ; preserving the integrity and reputation of the University ; safeguarding the property , rights , and data of third parties ; and complying with applicable law .
Intrusion Detection Software and/or hardware designed to detect inappropriate or anomalous activity on a computer or a data network .
IT Resource All tangible and intangible computing and network assets provided by the University to further its mission of discovery , learning , and engagement .
Examples of such assets include , but are not limited to , hardware , software , Purdue Airlink , network bandwidth , mobile devices , electronic information resources , printers , and paper .
Spam Filtering Services Services based on software and or hardware designed to detect unsolicited and unwanted e-mail and to prevent those messages from getting to a user 's inbox .
If a technician , administrator , or other individual accesses electronic information without proper authorization as outlined in this policy , the individual is subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination .
Nothing in this policy changes or supersedes Executive Memorandum No .
C34 regarding Data Security and Access Policy , Executive Memorandum No .
C-2 regarding Disclosure of University Records , or Executive Memorandum No .
B-44 regarding the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act .
November 18 , 2011 : Policy number changed to VII.B.2 ( formerly V.1.3 ) .
Links to policies in Related Documents section updated as well .

From 21 December 2001 , Qantas Airways Limited and its related companies ( collectively referred to as `` we '' , `` us '' and `` Qantas '' ) will be subject to the National Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) ( as amended by the Privacy Amendment ( Private Sector ) Act 2000 ( Cth ) ) .
This Privacy Statement explains in general terms how Qantas protects the privacy of your personal information under the National Privacy Principles .
It will apply to any personal information you provide to us :
When making a booking with us , checking-in for a flight or lodging freight ;
Via qantas.com , qantasfreight.com or other online sites operated by Qantas and its contractors ; and
Under any other agreement or arrangement .
This Privacy Statement will also apply to any information about you that is provided to us by someone else such as a travel agent .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to Qantas ' employee records , which are generally exempt from the legislation .
What Information Do We Collect
The types of personal information that we collect from you will depend on the circumstances of collection and on the type of service you request from us .
For example , when you request us to make your travel arrangements , we may collect details such as your name , address , flight and other travel details , credit/debit card number and expiry date , billing address , telephone numbers , Frequent Flyer number or other loyalty program membership details , dietary requirements ( if any ) and health issues relevant to your travel arrangements .
As we are required by law to obtain your consent to the collection of `` sensitive information '' we will assume that you have consented to the collection of all information which is provided to us for use in accordance with this Statement .
If you are a shareholder we will collect certain details about you for registration purposes , such as your name , address , number of shares held , tax file number and bank account details .
We are required to maintain a register of shareholders under the Corporations Act 2001 ( Cth ) .
How We Collect Information
We may collect personal information about you when you deal with us over the telephone , send us correspondence ( whether by letter , fax or email ) , visit our web sites or when you have contact with us in person .
As well as collecting information directly from you , there may be occasions when we collect information about you from a third party .
From people making travel or freight bookings on your behalf ;
From third party telesales companies that collect your personal information and disclose it to us so that we may issue you with your ticket and make and fulfil your travel arrangements or market our products and services to you ;
Other service providers who collect information on our behalf such as operators of our Frequent Flyer service centre and corporate travel functions ;
From market research companies contracted by us to obtain information so that we may improve and market our products and services ;
From third party service providers on qantas.com and Frequent Flyer Service Partners that collect your personal information when providing you with a service and disclose it to us so that we may award you with Frequent Flyer points and other Frequent Flyer membership entitlements ;
From other organisations that issue a Qantas Air Waybill on our behalf for the carriage of your freight ; and
From your share broker when you purchase shares in Qantas Airways Limited .
How We Use Your Personal Information
We generally collect your personal information for the following purposes :
To process your travel and freight arrangements and other transactions ;
To facilitate your participation in the loyalty programs of Qantas and other organisations ;
To conduct marketing activities and to conduct market research ; and
To register any shareholding you may have in Qantas Airways Limited and to contact you and send communications to you in relation to that shareholding .
Some of the personal information we collect is essential for us to be able to accurately identify who is using the service .
Other types of personal information we collect help us to profile who is using our services and what their interests are .
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may disclose your personal information to third parties , for example , to our contractors to whom we contract out certain services , oneworld partners and Frequent Flyer Service Partners participating in the Frequent Flyer program for use in the operation and marketing of those programs , other carriers , travel and freight service providers , data processing companies ( including operators of global distribution systems and payment clearing houses ) for the purpose for which the information was collected or for related purposes , for example to complete a transaction on your behalf or provide you with a service that you requested .
We may also disclose your personal information to various law enforcement agencies and governments around the world for security , customs and immigration purposes .
Your information will also be shared between related companies in the Qantas Group where necessary to fulfil our purposes .
Our share register is available for inspection by the public as required under the Corporations Act 2001 ( Cth ) .
The information collected in connection with your shareholding may also be disclosed to regulatory bodies such as the Australian Taxation Office , as well as to print service providers and mail houses .
We engage third party contractors to perform services for us which involves the contractor handling personal information we hold .
For example , we engage third party contractors to :
Handle and process Frequent Flyer application forms , correspondence and operate Frequent Flyer service centres ;
Provide email and mail handling services ;
Provide electronic funds transfer services , credit card account processing and related services ;
Operate call centres ;
Collect commissions payable to us ;
Operate some corporate travel sales and fulfilment functions ;
Process travel bookings made via qantas.com and other online sites ;
Conduct market research ;
Provide catering services ;
Provide ground handling services , such as check-in agents , freight handling and special assistance ;
Provide information technology services such as airline related systems , data storage , passenger and freight processing systems , communication networks , software and system development and maintenance ;
Assist with obtaining payment from creditors ;
Manage our share registry .
In these situations , we prohibit the third party contractor from using personal information about you except for the specific purpose for which we supply it .
Other than the above , we will not disclose your personal information without your consent unless disclosure is either necessary to prevent a threat to life or health , authorised or required by law , reasonably necessary to enforce the law or necessary to investigate a suspected unlawful activity .
Access & Correction of Information About You
We will , on request , provide you with access to the information we hold about you , unless there is an exception which applies under the National Privacy Principles , including for the purpose of correcting or updating that information .
We may recover from you our reasonable costs of supplying you with access to this information .
Your request to provide access to this information will be dealt with in a reasonable time .
If we refuse to provide you with access to the information , we will provide you with reasons for the refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon under the National Privacy Principles .
In light of the new legislation we are putting in place systems and procedures to facilitate access to all information we hold about you on request .
For information which we collected prior to 21 December 2001 , we may not be able to provide you with access to this information where to do so would place an unreasonable administrative burden on us or cause us unreasonable expense .
Keeping Your Personal Information Up To Date
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate , complete , and up-to-date whenever we collect or use it .
If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate , incomplete or out-of-date , please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to either correct this information , or if necessary , discuss alternative action with you .
Transfer of Information Overseas
We may transfer to people in foreign countries any of your personal information to fulfil the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement , for example to :
Qantas offices overseas ;
Data processors ( including operators of global travel distribution systems ) ;
Airlines , hotels and other travel and freight service providers ; and
Information technology and business process service providers .
In many cases the transfer will be necessary for the performance of our contract with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken in response to a request by you or for the performance of a contract with a third party which is concluded in your interests .
Frequent Flyer Program and Qantas Club
Additional information is collected by us through your registration with , and participation in , the Qantas Frequent Flyer program and/or membership of Qantas Club .
This includes information such as country of residence , gender , name of employer and position in company , email address , date of birth , mother 's maiden name ( for security purposes ) , credit card details , home address , business address , other address , business fax number , seating and other travel preferences and leisure and sports interests .
Qantas also keeps logs of Frequent Flyers ' use of the Frequent Flyer pages on qantas.com .
This information includes date and time of visit , Frequent Flyer number , Frequent Flyer status , surname and actions , for example , pages viewed and pages submitted .
The collection of this information assists Qantas to monitor the use of , and improve , the Frequent Flyer pages on qantas.com .
Information on our Frequent Flyer and Qantas Club databases is used for additional purposes which members consent to as part of the terms and conditions of membership .
One of the primary purposes of these programs is the conduct of marketing activities .
Other purposes include the awarding of Frequent Flyer Points ; Qantas improving its customer service , including by means of research , marketing , product development and planning and ; Qantas marketing its products or services or the products and services of its partners .
Qantas discloses this information to Frequent Flyer Partner Airlines , oneworld Alliance Airlines , Frequent Flyer program partners and any other person ( including without limitation a related body corporate , agent or contractor ) for these purposes and to any third party providing services to Qantas and members in connection with the administration of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program and Qantas Club membership .
Membership of and participation in the Frequent Flyer Program and Qantas Club is subject to the program terms and conditions which can be viewed online at qantas.com .
The program terms and conditions include consent by members to their information being transferred to or from Australia for these purposes .
Some of the information is deemed mandatory for participation .
Members are advised that if all or any of the non-mandatory information is not provided , the services provided by Qantas may be affected .
Frequent Flyer program members can update their profile information online or by contacting the Frequent Flyer Service Centre .
If you wish to gain access to your personal information , have a complaint about a breach of your privacy or you have any query on how your personal information is collected or used please forward your request , complaint or query to the address below .
We will respond to your query or complaint as soon as possible .
Privacy complaints about our acts or practices may be investigated by the Privacy Commissioner who has the power to make a determination including a declaration that the claimant is entitled to compensation .
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement as our business requirements or the law changes .
Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be updated on qantas.com and qantasfreight.com , so please visit qantas.com or qantasfreight.com periodically to ensure that you have our most current privacy statement .
Our Contact Details - Passenger Enquiries
Our Contact Details - Freight Enquiries
B wing , Level 6
When you book flights or access your Frequent Flyer membership information , a secure server is used .
Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encrypts the information you send through this web site .
Qantas makes no warranty in respect of the strength or effectiveness of that encryption and Qantas is not responsible for events arising from unauthorised access of the information you provide .
European Commission Transport Regulation
The European Commission has established a list of air carriers subject to an operating ban within the European Union ( Regulation ( EC ) No.2111/2005 ) .
We are required to bring this list to your attention via our website .
The latest version of the list and information regarding the regulation can be found on the European Commission site .

Your privacy is very important to Qatar Airways and we understand how important it is to you .
This Privacy Policy applies to all information gathered by Qatar Airways when you are on the Qatar Airways site and when you utilise any services provided by Qatar Airways , including the Qatar Airways Privilege Club .
Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified , we will only use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully .
Your use of this Website , mobile site and mobile applications constitutes your agreement this Privacy Policy .
If you can not agree with all these terms , please exit this Website , mobile site and mobile applications .
Please note that other airlines have their own privacy policies .
Qatar Airways suggests that you review those other policies if your travel plans include travel on other airlines , as those policies may differ from Qatar Airways .
Qatar Airways is based in Doha , State of Qatar .
We utilise support and other functions , which may require the transfer of your personal data to and from other countries from time to time , both within and outside of the European Economic Area .
Please note that by using this website , mobile site and mobile applications , you are agreeing that your data may be sent to and processed in other countries with varying data protection laws .
If you have any questions or comments on this , please contact Qatar Airways .
What websites and applications are covered by the Privacy Policy
What personal information does Qatar Airways collect
Qatar Airways may collect identifying information from you when you utilize the Qatar Airways website , mobile site and mobile applications :
Your name , address , telephone numbers , email address and prefered method of payment and flight booking details ;
When you book online , or order products or services , Qatar Airways will collect your billing information , transaction and credit information ;
If you apply for membership in the Qatar Airways Privilege Club , Qatar Airways will collect the personal information requested on the application ;
Qatar Airways may also ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests , demographics , experiences with its products , and contact preferences in order to provide you with further services or information about its products and services ; and
Some pages on the Qatar Airways website , mobile site and mobile applications use cookies .
Please see the `` How we use cookies '' section below for more information about cookies .
Tracking statistical information collected as you navigate through our sites such as traffic hits .
This is stored purely for analytical purposes , and is entirely anonymous .
How does Qatar Airways use personal information
Qatar Airways uses the personal information it collects from you to help it understand your needs and to help it provide you with a better service , and in particular for the following reasons :
To assess what special flight offers and services we can offer you ;
To process your request on purchasing our product ( s ) and service ( s ) and confirm your travel arrangements ;
To improve our products and services ;
For the operations of Privilege club including mileage tracking , delivery of associated benefits and services , ongoing research and programme development , as well as delivering news and information to Privilege Club Members ; and
For our own marketing purposes , such as sending you updates on our latest offers and promotions .
When you provide personal information online , you may indicate that you do not want to receive direct marketing materials from Qatar Airways or any other company .
Does Qatar Airways share my personal information with anyone else
Qatar Airways may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when :
We have your consent to share the information with our affiliates and with selected marketing partners , including Qatar Airways Holidays , to enable them to send you promotional materials about products or services ;
We need to share your information to provide the service , product or information you have requested , and/or benefits or offers as a result of membership in the Privilege Club ( unless we tell you differently , these companies do not have the right to use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the service , product or information you have requested from Qatar Airways , or the benefit or offer resulting from membership in the Privilege Club ) ; or
We are legally obliged to provide personal information and booking details to governmental authorities , including customs and immigration officials .
We may share information in the aggregate to assess marketing and sales performance .
New laws in the US and other countries require Qatar Airways and other airlines to collect 'Advanced Passenger Information ' ( passport and associated information ) for all passenger prior to travel to and from those countries .
Qatar Airways is required to provide this information to the relevant customs and immigration authorities .
Correcting or updating your personal information or marketing preferences
If you believe that any personal information Qatar Airways is holding about you is incorrect or incomplete , or if you want to change your marketing preferences regarding direct mail promotions , please contact Qatar Airways as soon as possible by writing to the below address .
Qatar Airways will revise any information that is incorrect , or update or change your information or preferences .
It may take several weeks to implement the changes .
Qatar Airways can not distinguish the age of persons who access and use its website , mobile site and mobile applicationss .
If a minor ( according to applicable laws ) has provided Qatar Airways with Customer Data without parental or guardian consent , the parent or guardian should contact Qatar Airways to remove the relevant Customer Data and unsubscribe them .
Qatar Airways is committed to ensuring that your information is secure .
In order to prevent unauthorised access to , or disclosure of , any of your personal information , Qatar Airways has put in place suitable physical , electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects .
In order to protect the security of your data , Qatar Airways uses encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive personal data such as credit card information .
We will occasionally inform you about our special offers and new services via your e-mail address .
You only receive our newsletters after subscribing .
If you do not want to receive the newsletters anymore , you can unsubscribe anytime by using the link unsubscribe ' on the newsletter .
After receiving your request , we will not send you any further newsletters and we will delete you email address from the distribution list .
Links to other website , mobile site and mobile applications
This website , mobile site and mobile applications may contain links to enable you to visit other website , mobile site and mobile applicationss .
Please note that Qatar Airways does not have any control over other website , mobile site and mobile applicationss .
Therefore , Qatar Airways can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites .
Such sites are governed by their own privacy policies and not the Qatar Airways Privacy Policy .
How we use cookies
A cookie is a piece of text placed on your computer 's hard drive to help analyse web traffic .
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual .
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs , likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences .
Qatar Airways uses cookies to track which pages are being used by whom .
This helps Qatar Airways to analyse data about web page traffic and improve this website , mobile site and mobile applications in order to tailor it to customer needs .
Qatar Airways only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system .
Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using this website , mobile site and mobile applications .
You can configure your Internet browser to accept or reject cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set ( check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences . )
However , certain features of this website , mobile site and mobile applications will not be available to you if you reject the cookies .
For more information about cookies , see our cookie policy .
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
Qatar Airways may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Use of the website , mobile site and mobile applications after the effective date of the amendments constitutes acceptance of the amended terms and conditions .
We reserve the right to apply the amended terms to the information we have already collected , subject to any legal constraints .
You should read and review this page regularly to see if there have been any changes .
Last updated 22 November 2012

This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information .
We collect , use , and share personal information to help the Quikr website ( `` Quikr '' ) work and to keep it safe ( details below ) .
In formal terms , Quikr India Private Limited , acting itself and through its subsidiaries , is the `` data controller '' of your personal information .
This policy is effective 16/11/2005
Information posted on Quikr is obviously publicly available .
Our servers are located in Mumbai , India .
Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers .
We collect and store the following personal information :
email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ;
computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from Quikr and Ad data ( all through cookies you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;
other information , including users IP address and standard web log information .
We use users ' personal information to :
provide our services ;
resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ;
encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ;
customize users ' experience , measure interest in our services , and inform users about services and updates ;
communicate marketing and promotional offers to you ;
Do other things for users as described when we collect the information .
All information contained by Quikr is treated as strictly confidential and Quikr does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization .
The users ' privacy is very important to us .
We do not and shall not at any point in time , either sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties without users ' explicit consent .
We may be required from time to time to disclose users ' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators , but we will only do so under proper authority .
Quikr also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period Quikr retains such information .
We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protects anyone 's rights , property or safety .
We may also share personal information with :
- Corporate affiliates who help detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services ( Our corporate affiliates will market
only to users who ask them to ) .
- Service providers who help with our business operations .
Third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to the website .
Google 's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings .
Using Information from Quikr
You may use personal information gathered from Quikr only to follow up with another user about a specific posting , not to send spam/ phising or collect personal information from someone who has n't agreed to that .
Access , Modification , and Deletion
You can see , modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page .
Contact customer support at to review any personal information we store that is not available on Quikr .
There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law .
We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier .
We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back .
We use a number of mechanisms ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure .
So while we strive to protect such information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once any personal information comes into our possession , we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access , modification or disclosure .
Users who use any of the features on Quikr agree and accept that they have been fully informed by Quikr that the use of features may lead to publication , to all users of Quikr , of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on Quikr .
Users further agree that the authenticity of , and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person , are the sole responsibility of the user .
Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features , existing and new .
However , the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves .
We may update , upgrade , modify ( partially & /or fully ) this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days , whichever is sooner .
If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , we may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply .

At QVC , we are committed to giving you quality service .
As part of that commitment , we gather information about our customers , users of our websites and other services , and visitors so we can better serve you .
Because we realize that your privacy is important to you , your privacy is also important to us .
Whether you visit or buy from our show , one of our stores , or one of our websites such as QVC.com , or through one of our other services such as QVC 's mobile services or a QVC software application ( i.e. , a widget ) downloaded to your desktop ( all of which together with our websites we will refer to as `` services '' ) , you can be assured that we respect the confidentiality of personal information that identifies you and treat that information responsibly .
As described in this Privacy Statement , we do not authorize the selling or renting of your personal information to third parties for their business purposes .
By using a QVC service , you accept the practices that are described in this Privacy Statement , which is effective as of September 11th , 2008 , and is part of the General Terms and Conditions of Use governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing any other QVC service you use .
If , however , another QVC service sets forth a separate or additional privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy , then that separate privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy shall apply in connection with your use of that service .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to personal information that is collected through the websites of QVC 's affiliates based outside the United States or through any other services offered by QVC 's affiliates outside the United States .
We may change or add to this Privacy Statement from time to time .
When that happens , we will post the revised Privacy Statement here .
Your use of one of our services after changes to this Privacy Statement have been posted constitutes your knowledge and acceptance of those changes ( i.e. , that the changes may be applied to the information we collect from and about you ) .
QVC is not responsible for the privacy or data collection policies or practices of the services from which you access our services , of services we link to , or of any services that are linked to our services .
This Privacy Statement tells you what kinds of information we collect about our customers , users , and visitors , how we use that information and with whom we may share it , and how you can access and change our information about you .
What personal information do we collect from our customers ?
What other kinds of customer information do we collect ?
How do we collect this information ?
How do we use cookies ?
How do we use web beacons ?
What if you do n't want to give us personal information ?
How do we protect our customers ' personal information ?
How do we use information about our customers ?
How do we share customers ' personal information with third parties ?
How do we share other kinds of information about our customers with third parties ?
How can users check or change the information we collect from or about them ?
What are third party affinity programs ?
Do we collect personal information from children ?
View our Safe Harbor Statement
What personal information do we collect from our customers ?
We gather personal information about our customers so we can better serve you , and we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your personal information and to treat that information responsibly .
We collect the personal information that you give us voluntarily or in response to our request when you choose to purchase a product from us or use one of our services .
For example , when you register with QVC we will ask you to provide information such as your name , e-mail address , physical address , and telephone number .
Registration with QVC is generally required to make a purchase or to use one of our community functions such as posting a message on a community forum or submitting a product review .
Similarly , we will ask you for contact information if you use our notify a friend program or if you request that we send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices or seek information or assistance from us .
If you purchase a product , we will also ask you for financial information such as your QCard or other credit card number and for a billing address and a shipping address .
Additional personal information may be collected from you in connection with your use of certain optional services and features we offer .
For example , if you register for QVC 's mobile services , we will ask you to provide information such as your cell phone number and the name of your mobile provider , as well as the payment method , billing address , and shipping address you want to use for any purchases through this service .
You will also be requested to specify payment and shipping information in advance if you want to purchase items using a speed purchase feature .
Similarly , entering one of our contests or sweepstakes , submitting an employment application , or using one of our community functions may involve our collection of further personal information from you such as your social security number and chosen nickname .
If you sign up to receive Today 's Special Value e-mails , messages or e-newsletters , you may be asked to provide information concerning your personal interests .
We may also collect personal information from your creation of wish lists or reminders .
If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we may also collect personal information from you about your membership and your purchases from us .
What other kinds of customer information do we collect ?
If you ask us to ship a purchase to somebody else or you use our notify a friend feature , we will ask you to provide the name and address or e-mail address of the person to whom you are sending or recommending the product , as well as your name and contact information .
We may also obtain personal information about you such as contact information , updated address and shipping instructions , and credit information from agents , consultants , contractors , carriers , and other third parties .
We may also collect contact and other information about prospective customers .
Additionally , our system keeps track of technical information about your computer or mobile device , such as the browser type and version , browser plug-in types and versions , and operating system of your computer , the Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) or other provider you use to access certain of our services , and your internet protocol ( ip ) address , location , and time zone setting .
To help us understand the use of our services by our visitors and improve your shopping experience and to aid us in marketing and managing our services , we also automatically collect information as to how you were directed to them , how you navigate around them , what products you browse , and your purchasing activities .
How do we collect this information ?
When you register with QVC , we compile the personal information you give us about yourself into an individual profile , adding other personal information about you to that profile as we obtain it .
We also collect information about your purchases and other uses of our services as they occur .
Personal and other information about prospective customers may be collected by us or obtained from our business partners or other third parties .
We automatically gather other information ( including the technical information identified above ) when you access certain of our services , including through the use of cookies and web beacons .
How do we use cookies ?
Cookies enhance our ability to serve you .
Basically , they 're pieces of text that a website stores on your computer an identification code of sorts .
This cookie can be accessed by the website when you revisit it .
We use two types of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies terminate shortly after you terminate your internet session .
Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive until they expire or are deleted .
Both types of cookies help provide an enhanced user experience since they recall your use of the Internet and our services , shopping preferences , shopping cart information , and your password .
We understand that not everyone wants to permit the use of cookies .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies and how to disable cookies , but we recommend that you leave cookies turned on so that you can take full advantage of the shopping features we offer .
How do we use web beacons ?
Web beacons are small , transparent graphics that are placed on web pages to track how visitors arrive at a website and what they do there .
We use web beacons to track customers ' visits to and browsing activities at our websites and to compile sales and statistical data .
For example , beacons let us know when a purchase is made on one of our websites by a member of one of our third party affinity programs and when a purchase is initiated by an advertisement we placed on a third party 's website .
This information assists us in marketing and managing our websites and enhancing your shopping experience .
What if you do n't want to give us personal information ?
Personal information is required for you to make a purchase , request information or assistance , or take advantage of certain services and features we offer , such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , or on-line employment applications .
If you do not want to provide personal information through use of these services and features , you are free to look for products offered through any of our marketing channels and place a telephone order by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or by visiting one of our stores .
We respect the confidentiality of all your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement whether you give it to us over the telephone , at one of our stores , or via any other means .
How do we protect our customers ' personal information ?
QVC participates in the VeriSign Secured Seal Program .
We maintain the servers that store this information in a facility with restricted access .
We also truncate your credit card number to the last four digits when we communicate with you about your order .
How do we use information about our customers ?
We use your personal information to process your orders .
This includes for example , contacting you to confirm your order , fulfilling it , and shipping it .
We may also contact you about your order .
Additionally , we will use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices , or to respond to requests for information or assistance from you .
If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will use and disclose your personal information to administer and manage that program .
Similarly , if you choose to participate in certain services or features we offer such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , and on-line employment applications , we will use your personal information to administer and manage those services and features .
We may also use your personal information to improve our service to you , to customize the content you see , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes .
For example , we periodically review customer information as part of servicing our accounts .
We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of the services that we offer and to gather information about how we can improve them .
Finally , we analyze information we obtain automatically , including from cookies and web beacons , concerning our customers ' use of , access to , and navigation of our services and their browsing and purchasing activities to improve , customize , and market our services and content , to enhance our customers ' shopping experiences , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes .
How do we share customers ' personal information with third parties ?
In order to receive and process your orders and requests , we may provide your name , address , and other personal information , such as your e-mail address and telephone number , to other entities such as credit card companies and package delivery services ( for example , American Express , Visa , UPS , and USPS ) .
Similarly , if you order a product that is shipped directly from another company , or offered by us in conjunction with another company , we will share personal information about that order with the other company .
We may use third party agents , consultants , and contractors to perform business functions on our behalf , including customer service , credit review , account servicing , customer research , marketing , provision of IT services , and records maintenance .
We give these entities access to our customers ' personal information to perform these functions for us .
We DO NOT authorize them to use that information for any other purpose .
Additionally , we share personal information about you when you voluntarily use certain optional services and features we offer .
For example , if you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will share information concerning your purchases from us with the organization running that program .
If you ask us to send a particular product to another person or use our notify a friend feature , we will tell that person we are sending the product or e-mail at your request .
If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes or submit an employment application , we may share the information you submit with others assisting us in the administration of that feature .
If you use one of our community functions , the content of your posting will be available to all other participants and will be accompanied by your user name or chosen nickname .
It is possible that QVC or part of its business or one of its affiliates could merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity and your personal information could be among the assets transferred .
If this occurs , you will be notified of the change by e-mail or notice on this website or one of our other services .
We reserve the right to share personal information about you with our affiliates in the course of our business operations .
We also reserve the right to share personal information about you when we believe this to be appropriate to comply with the law or in cooperation with legal authorities , to enforce the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing the use of our other services , or to protect the rights , property , safety , or other interests of QVC and its customers .
How do we share other kinds of information about our customers with third parties ?
We may share non-personal , non-individually identifiable information about our customers with the group of people with whom we share personal information , as well as with other third parties such as vendors , advertisers , and marketing firms .
How can users check or change the information we collect from or about them ?
You can always review your personal profile at QVC and correct or update it by going to the area of one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the specific type of information that you wish to correct or update .
You can also change personal information such as your shipping address or payment method when ordering .
You can subscribe to or unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other promotional notices by going to the area on one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the type of communication service you wish to change .
Our customer service representatives are also ready to assist you in checking or changing your personal profile or removing your name from our contact lists .
You can reach them through links to customer service that appear throughout our services , by e-mail , or by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or writing to :
QVC , Inc .
West Chester , PA 19380
You can opt out of our use of cookies to recall information about you by setting your browser not to accept cookies or to disable cookies .
You can not access or change the non-personal information that we collect .
However , you can opt out of the process by which certain categories of information are collected at this website by clicking here .
What are third party affinity programs ?
Occasionally , we participate in rewards programs with other business organizations where customers who are also members of these businesses will get a credit or a reward for their QVC purchases from the other member organizations .
We also sometimes advertise QVC products on other services in the form of a link so that visitors can click over to our services and purchase the products if they are interested .
In these situations , we share information about our customers ' QVC purchases with these other member organizations and other services under the contracts these entities have with QVC .
Do we collect personal information from children ?
Our services are not intended for use by children , and the terms and conditions governing the use of our services require that you must be at least 18 years old to use them .
In addition , we do not solicit or collect information from anyone who tells us that he or she is under 13 years of age .

Rackspace respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of personal data we collect .
The purpose of our Privacy Statement is to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy and protection of all persons who provide personal data to Rackspace and its affiliates .
This Privacy Statement describes the ways we collect information from and about you , and what we do with the information , so that you may decide whether or not to provide information to us .
By visiting Rackspace websites or are otherwise providing your personal information to Rackspace via any other means , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Statement .
For purposes of this Privacy Statement , the term visitor includes visitors to our websites who are not yet customers , those who become customers , as well as those who do not become customers ; whether you upload information to our websites , download it , or are merely visiting our websites .
You can choose not to provide certain information when using our websites but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of its features .
WHAT DO WE COLLECT AND WHERE
The information we collect may include your personal information , such as your name , contact information , financial account numbers , IP addresses , Live Chat Messages , Telephone conversations , product and service selections and orders or other things that identify you individually .
Generally , we may collect information about you in the following manners :
you may provide your personal information to us via chat , email or other written correspondence , telephone calls , web based forms , or other means ;
we use automated technical means to collect information about all website visitors for example by use of cookies ;
via third party providers ; and
Rackspace affiliates located in the European Union may provide Rackspace with personal information about their prospective or current customers .
You may visit our Websites in any of the following ways :
By viewing an advertisement displayed on a third party website that is served content by our web server ;
By viewing an email that is served content by our or a third party web server .
When you visit our Website , our server logs your IP address ( unique network addresses ) , the time and duration of your visit , and the time and duration of the pages on our website you view .
If you arrive at our website by clicking a paid advertisement ( including a paid search engine result ) or a link in an email , then we will capture information that tracks your visit from that link .
If you arrive at our Website by clicking a non-paid source , such as link in a non-paid search engine result or an unsponsored link on another website , we may capture information that tracks your visit from that source , to the extent we are able to do so .
We may also capture information about your computer system , such as your browser type and operating system .
We will likely place a cookie on your hard drive during the web visit .
A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that we use to help us identify the number of unique visitors to our Website , whether or not those visitors are repeat visitors , and the source of the visits .
Cookies can not be executed as code or used to deliver a virus .
Other servers can not read them and personal information can not be gathered from them .
They are simply an identifier shared between you and us to allow us to improve the services we offer to you through our Website .
If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer , then they can be disabled in your web browser .
The option to do so is normally found in your browser 's `` security settings '' section .
However , please note , permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our Website as well as other websites and interactive services .
A web beacon , also known as a web bug , is a small graphic ( usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel ) , that is embedded in a web advertisement , email , or page on our web site , but is invisible to you .
When you view a page on our web site , an email or an advertisement your web browser will request the web beacon from a web server , which in turn will set a cookie in your web browser containing a unique identifier .
This unique identifier will be linked to log information that is used to track your movements on our web site in order to determine the effectiveness of content and advertising campaigns .
We do not collect personal information about you as part of a web visit , but web visit information may be tied to other information ( including personal information ) we collect from you via chat , web forms , and the other means we describe in this Privacy Statement .
Our advertising agencies may also use web beacons and cookies to track your activity on our website originating from the advertisement .
However , we will not provide your personal information to our advertising agencies .
Our advertising agencies maintain their own privacy policies , and you should also review those .
Links to non-Rackspace Websites
We may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information .
The privacy practices of those sites may differ from Rackspace practices and are not controlled by Rackspace and covered by this Privacy Statement .
We do not make any representations about third-party websites .
We encourage you to review their privacy policies before submitting your personal data .
Personal information received from the EU and/or Swizerland
When Rackspace is a data controller Safe Harbor compliance
Rackspace complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Rackspace has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement , with respect to the personal data we collect from EU and/or Swiss data subjects or receive from our affiliates located in the EU and/or Switzerland , such as information regarding service requests , service orders , handling orders , delivering services and processing payments .
When Rackspace is a data processor
Rackspace 's obligations with respect to personal data for which Rackspace is solely a data processor , such as personal data that Rackspace 's customers store or transfer using Rackspace 's technology hosting services , are defined in its agreements with its customers and are not included in this Privacy Statement .
In those circumstances Rackspace receives personal data from the EU as an agent of the customer merely for processing and is not required to apply Safe Harbor principles to that information .
The customer will remain responsible for the personal data that it collects and processes and for the compliance with applicable data protection laws .
We will not intentionally collect or maintain , and do not want you to provide , any information regarding your medical or health condition , race or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs or other sensitive information .
Children 's Online Privacy Protection
Our services are not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13 , and we will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13 .
WHAT DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION FOR
We may use your information to process your service requests , handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , provide access to secure areas of the Website , recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you , to personalize your visit to our Website , and to enable us to review develop and continually improve the products services and offers we provide online .
We also use this information to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Website and to enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf .
We use visitor information to send information about our company to visitors and to get in touch with them when necessary .
We also use the information we collect to improve the content of our websites and as training aides for our employees .
Visitors are given the choice at the point when we request their information .
Financial Information and payment card details
We may ask visitors to enter credit card or account information in order to process orders for services placed with Rackspace or its affiliates .
Financial information provided via our website or via the MyRackspace portal is transferred over a secure connection .
We collect this information on a transaction-by-transaction basis and will not authorize the release of the information with anyone not directly involved in processing the transaction .
This information may be encrypted and stored for logging purposes in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements .
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for any other purposes .
When we use third party service providers for credit card processing services we will enter into a written agreement with such third party ensuring appropriate security and confidentiality measures are in place in safeguarding your personal data .
We use web visit information to measure interest in and develop our web pages and marketing plans , customize the content you view on your web visits based on your activity on past visits , and administer our Website .
We use the visitors ' IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , and to administer our Websites .
We use cookies to help us recognise visitors as unique visitors ( just a number ) when they return to our websites For example , if there are 1,000 visits to our website on a certain day , we can use cookies to discover how many of those visits were made via the same browser ( same visitor ) .
We may also use the cookie to discover whether a certain visitor has visited our site more than once , and the source for each visit .
We also use cookies to : allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interest ; avoid showing visitors the same advertisements repeatedly ; compile anonymous , aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our Website ( we can not identify visitors personally in this way ) ; count the number of anonymous users of our sites .
We use web beacons to count the number of times that our advertisements and web-based email content are viewed .
We combine web beacon information with cookies to track activity on our website originating from advertisements and web-based email content .
We use information you provide to us via telephone calls , chat , email , web forms and other communications to correspond with you about services you may be interested in purchasing .
If you elect to purchase a service online using a web form , we will use the information to establish your account .
Information you submit in writing , such as chat , email , and web form information is archived and may be tied to information that we collect about your web visits .
Your telephone call may be recorded for training purposes and we may enter information you provide via telephone into our systems to use for the purposes described in this paragraph .
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information we gather is for internal use only and will not authorize the release of this information to anyone outside Rackspace ( except to third party service providers to Rackspace who perform functions on our behalf but in such event personal information will only be shared to the extent reasonably necessary to perform their functions and they will not be authorized to use it for any other function ) , unless you have consented to such disclosure .
Should you breach our terms and conditions or website terms , or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , we may disclose your information to a relevant authority .
This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
In particular , we may release the information we collect to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law , to enforce our legal rights , to protect the rights and safety of others , or to assist with industry efforts to control fraud , spam or other undesirable conduct .
We may release the information we collect to third parties , where the information is provided to enable such third party to provide services to us , provided that the third party has agreed to use at least the same level of privacy protections described in this Privacy Statement , and is permitted to use the information only for the purpose of providing services to us .
OPTING OUT OF COMMUNICATIONS
Rackspace gives you an opportunity to chose to opt-out of personal data being disclosed to third parties for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected ( except for meeting applicable legal requirements or permitting third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf as described in section 3 of this Privacy Statement ) , including your opting out of receiving future marketing mailings .
We will not use your contact information to correspond with you about our services if you ask us not to .
Please note that it may take up to ten days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists , so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request .
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
Rackspace is committed to industry best practices approaches concerning security measures to prevent the loss , misuse and alteration of the information in our possession .
We use various security measures to protect the information we collect , as appropriate to the type of information , including encryption , firewalls , and access controls .
We store information you provide to us on a computer system located in a controlled facility with a limited access .
Visitor textual information is encrypted during transmission , our company databases are accessible only by Rackspace employees , contractors and agents on a need to know basis and who have entered into and are bound by a confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement with Rackspace .
Personal data we collect is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used .
Rackspace takes reasonable steps to ensure that data is reliable for its intended use , accurate , complete , and current .
RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Rackspace utilizes the self-assessment approach to assure its compliance with its Privacy Statement .
Rackspace regularly verifies that the privacy statement is accurate , comprehensive , prominently displayed , completely implemented and in conformity with the Safe Harbor Principles and conducts its self-assessment on an annual basis to ensure that all relevant privacy practices are being followed .
Appropriate employee training is in place and internal procedures for periodically conducting objective reviews of compliance are in place .
A statement verifying this self-assessment is signed by a corporate officer or other authorized representative at least once a year .
We will investigate the matter and are committed to resolve any privacy concerns that you may have .
If your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed and you are a visitor located in the EU , you may contact European Data Protection Authorities , elected as a Dispute Resolution in our Safe Harbor self-certification .
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Statement may also change from time to time .
You should check our website frequently to see recent changes , however , we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without your prior consent .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 22 , 2010 .
2013 Rackspace US , Inc .
June 3 , 2010 revision

The following Privacy Policy applies only to the RadioShack.com web site and information provided by you or otherwise collected online through RadioShack.com .
For the privacy policies applicable to information collected in our stores or by other means , see the sign posted in stores titled , `` We Value Our Relationship . ''
We are concerned about privacy
Your privacy is very important to us .
RadioShack respects and protects the privacy of its visitors .
In this document , we explain how we use the information you supply us .
If we update our privacy policy , all revisions will be posted on this page .
We reserve the right to change the privacy policy at any time .
Information collection and use
Two types of information may be collected when you visit our web site , information that you knowingly provide us ( called personally identifiable information ) , and information that is obtained from your visit but is not directly associated with you ( called non-personally identifiable information ) .
Personally identifiable information may include information that you provide to us by requesting information , when registering for special offers or programs or when you purchase products online .
This may include your name , address ( including billing and shipping addresses ) , telephone number , e-mail address , organization , city , state and zip code .
We may use this information , to process and ship orders , to contact you about the status of your order , to contact you with answers to your questions , or to provide information about new and exciting products , services , promotions and corporate-related information .
We may use mailings , telephone calls and e-mail to contact you .
You also may create an account through RadioShack.com at any time by providing your email address and creating a unique password .
An account is not required to visit our site or to place an order through RadioShack.com .
Creating an account allows you to save order information , order history , track the status of your orders and set your ordering preferences .
For your privacy and security , we do not store credit card or Gift Card numbers in your account .
You may change saved account information at anytime .
Simply visit the Your Account page , log in with your email address and password .
For those customers who purchase products from us online , additional personally identifiable information such as credit card information will be collected .
This information is collected in order to process your order .
For those customers who register for special email offerings , we may use the zip code you provided to email special offers that apply only to your area .
We are committed to the protection of the privacy of our customers and visitors .
While in the checkout process of our online store , we make use of 128 bit encryption via digital IDs provided and certified by VeriSign , Inc .
These IDs enable our commerce site to conduct authenticated , strongly encrypted online commerce .
Customers can submit credit card numbers or other personal information to our site with the assurance that they are doing business with us ( not an impostor 's `` spoof '' of our site ) and that the information which they are sending to us can not be intercepted or decrypted by anyone else .
Requesting removal of your information
If you have registered for special e-mail offerings , you may unsubscribe from the program , by visiting the e-mail unsubscribe page or click on the links available at the bottom of any of these special offer e-mails .
You may also request the removal of your information by contacting us via e-mail .
If you wish to receive more personalized information from RadioShack or change anything about your profile such as your interests or e-mail format , please click on the links available at the bottom of any of these special offer e-mails or visit the Your Account page .
Non-personally identifiable information is collected without any direct association with you specifically .
In the normal course of using RadioShack.com , we may collect information about your habits and usage of our sites .
Our web sites may contain technologies known as action tags , web beacons or 1x1 pixel gifs .
These employ a common internet technique used to compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns , common navigation paths within the sites , types of browsers and platforms that access the sites and the average connection speeds used to connect to the sites .
This information is used to enhance the online experience of our customers .
These technologies do not use or collect personally identifiable information , such as names or address , and do not link online actions to an identifiable person .
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet .
Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
RadioShack collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregated information and to audit the use of our site .
If we are required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or subpoena , we will provide these IP addresses to the proper authorities .
Information sharing and disclosure
Agents , employees and contractors of RadioShack who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the high standards of the corporation .
Information about you specifically will not be used for any purpose other than to carry out the services you requested from RadioShack and its affiliates .
All of our affiliates have agreed to maintain the security and confidentiality of the information we provide to them .
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone at any time .
We will not use any personal information beyond what is necessary to assist us in delivering to you the services you have requested .
We may send personally identifiable information about you to other organizations when :
We have your consent to share the information ( you will be provided the opportunity to opt-out if you desire ) .
For example , if you opt-in for emails we will share this information with our marketing provider .
We need to share your information in order to provide the product or service you have requested .
For example , we need to share information with credit card providers and shippers to bill and ship the product you requested .
We are required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or subpoena .
Use of Cookies and Applets
Cookies and applets are small text files that are placed on your computer 's hard drive by our servers to identify your computer .
Cookies and applets are only read by the domain that placed them there and are unable to execute any code or virus .
We may use cookies or applets to recognize you when you visit our sites , to personalize your experience and generally to serve you better .
We do not use cookies or applets to track your activities once you leave our web site .
You may delete these files from your computer at any time .
You can set your web browser to notify you if such information is about to be placed on your computer , and you can choose the option in your web browser to refuse it .
If you refuse the information , you may not be able to make full use of the features on our web site .
Kids under 13 years of age
RadioShack.com does not seek to collect identification information about kids under 13 years of age .
If we discover such information , we will delete it .
Thus , we typically retain no identifiable information about kids .
However , if a parent believes his/her child has provided us information , simply call and that we delete it .
In order for us to find the information in our databases , you will need to provide us with the following information which will only be used to search our databases and deliver confirmation to you :
Email Address ( for confirmation )
The name of the child ( if you suspect a nickname was used , please provide it )
If the child shares time at two addresses , you will need to provide us the second address also , along with any email addresses for the child .
In order to request deletion of identifiable information that RadioShack may have unintentionally collected about your child , please call ( 817 ) 415-3200 .
Please inform the service agent that you wish to delete your child 's information , and supply the service agent with the necessary information as stated above .
Confirmation that information which identifies your child has been deleted will be delivered to you by e-mail , regular mail , or telephone .
PLEASE NOTE : Deleting your child 's information will likely make it impossible for us to notify you or your child in the event of a recall of a product he or she purchased in violation of our policies .
So if your child purchased ANYTHING from us in spite of our efforts to prevent it , you may not wish to delete all information .
Instead , you may simply request that we correct the information by correcting the name in our records to your name rather than your child 's .
In consideration of young users , it is our intention to adhere to the Better Business Bureau 's `` Children Advertising Review Unit '' ( CARU ) guidelines , including its guidelines on advertising .
When you communicate with RadioShack , we make every effort to ensure your privacy and safety .
As an added precaution , however , we still encourage parents to monitor their child 's use of the Internet , and to help us protect their privacy by reminding them never to exchange personal information with this or any other web site without the assistance or express written permission of a parent or other responsible adult .
Links to and from RadioShack.com
Our web site contains links to and from other web sites that are not operated or controlled by RadioShack .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF , AND USE OF CHILDREN 'S PERSONAL INFORMATION BY , WEB SITES THAT WE DO NOT OPERATE , and our privacy policy does not apply to these sites .
`` Email a Friend '' or `` Email your Wish List ''
If you elect to use our `` Email a Friend '' or `` Email your Wish List '' service for informing a friend about our site or products you are interested in , we may ask for your email address , your name , the email address and the name of your friend .
RadioShack will automatically send the friend a one-time email on your behalf .
RadioShack does not store this information .
It is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one time email .
We will not condition access or participation in an activity
RadioShack will not condition a user 's access or participation in an activity on giving out more personal information than what is considered reasonably necessary for the activity .
From time-to-time RadioShack.com provides some co-branded offers , for example to apply for a RadioShack Credit Card or to manage your AnswersPlus Account .
In these cases the user is directed to another party 's website .
The use of data collected through that website is governed by it 's own privacy policies .
From time-to-time , we may request information from you through contests or sweepstakes .
Participation in these contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary and the user has a choice whether or not to participate .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name , address and phone number ) .
Contact information gathered from contests and sweepstakes will be used to notify the winners and award prizes .
We use a third party to pick the contests and sweepstakes winners ( please see the Information sharing and disclosure section for details on third parties ) .
Demographic information such as the users birthdate may be requested , this is used to validate the age of the contestant when the rules of the contest specify a minimum age requirement .
Users who enter the contest may also choose to receive marketing communications from RadioShack .
The user may elect to `` opt-out '' of this communication at the bottom of each email or by visiting the Requesting removal of your information section of this policy .
How changes to the privacy policy will be communicated
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our web site for 30 days .
Recent changes to this privacy policy
The following list contains changes to this Privacy Policy that have occurred within the last 60 days :
Online privacy policy created and added to this website .
Contact Information Updated email address
Products or services :
If you have questions , suggestions or concerns regarding our products or services please contact us at :
Name : RadioShack Customer Care
Phone : 817-415-3200 817-415-2303 ( fax )
Postal Address : RadioShack Customer Care 300 RadioShack Circle MS CF7.101 Fort Worth , Texas 76102
Online privacy policy :
If you have questions , suggestions or concerns regarding our online privacy policy , please contact us at :
Name : RadioShack Online Privacy
Postal Address : RadioShack Riverfront 300 RadioShack Circle MS EF7.350.01 Fort Worth , Texas 76102 Attn : Online Privacy
Copyright RadioShack Corporation 2013 .
All rights reserved .

RMP ACQUISITIONS , LLC ( `` RATEMYPROFESSORS '' ) VALUES THE PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUAL PRIVACY .
THIS DOCUMENT SETS FORTH RATEMYPROFESSORS ' ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ( `` PRIVACY POLICY '' ) FOR RATEMYPROFESSORS ' WEBSITES , INCLUDING THE WEBSITES WWW.RATEMYPROFESSORS.COM , WWW.RATEMYPROFESSORS.CA , WWW.RATEMYPROFESSOR.CA , RATEMYPROFESSORS.CO.UK , RATEMYPROFESSOR.CO.UK , RATEMYPROFESSORS.CO.NZ , AND RATEMYPROFESSOR.CO.NZ ( COLLECTIVELY , THE `` SITE '' ) .
BY USING THE SITE , YOU , THE USER ( `` YOU '' ) INDICATE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , DO NOT USE THE SITE IN ANY MANNER .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT GOVERN PRIVACY PRACTICES ASSOCIATED WITH OFFLINE ACTIVITIES .
During your interactions with the Site , RateMyProfessors may request personal information from you .
RateMyProfessors currently does not use personal information other than to process your request that required you to submit personal information , to facilitate your participation in RateMyProfessors ' services , to send you reminders , for record-keeping purposes and to alert you regarding RateMyProfessors products , services or promotions that RateMyProfessors believes may be of interest to you .
RateMyProfessors does not make any visitor-provided personal information available to third parties .
Such visitor-provided personal information and other user information may be shared with and transferred to non-affiliated third parties in the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving RateMyProfessors ( or its successors ) .
RateMyProfessors may use server logs to record a visitor 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address and to collect general information about the visit to the Site , such as the time and length of the visit , and the web pages accessed during the visit .
RateMyProfessors may use this information for Site management and performance monitoring .
RateMyProfessors currently does not make any of this information collected by RateMyProfessors available to third parties .
The Site may contain third party advertising in the form of pop-up or banner ads delivered to you while you visit the Site .
RateMyProfessors ' third party advertising partners providing such advertising ( Partners ) may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that the Partners believe may be of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and how you might limit collection of this information , please contact us using the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy .
The Site may contain links to third party sites at which personal information is collected and used .
Your visit to any third party website is governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site .
RateMyProfessors can not control nor is it responsible for any such third party collection or use of your personal information .
Chat Rooms and Newsgroups
The Site may offer chat rooms , newsgroups , or other forums which permit individuals to interact online .
Any information you transmit online in such forums will be made public and RateMyProfessors can not control nor is it responsible for the use any third party may make of such information .
The Site is a general audience site which is neither designed nor intended to collect personal information from children who are under the age of 13 .
In order to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information to the Site .
RateMyProfessors uses commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information you give to RateMyProfessors is stored and maintained in a secure environment .
All credit card information is stored in encrypted format .
RateMyProfessors may use cookies and other tools such as clear gifs from time to time to allow RateMyProfessors to automate access and the data entry functions of the Site such as to tailor the Site to your preferences or interests , customize promotions or marketing , or identify which areas of the Site are more popular .
A cookie is a small , unique text file that a website can send to your computer hard drive when you visit that site .
RateMyProfessors does not make any cookie information collected by RateMyProfessors available to third parties .
RateMyProfessors ' Partners may also use cookies and other tools such as clear gifs for advertising management purposes such as to allow the Partners to tailor advertising to your preferences or interests .
Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely .
If you do not want RateMyProfessors or the Partners to deploy cookies in your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer .
Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use of some of the products and/or services at the Site .
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you .
Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting .
Notice of material changes will be posted on the RateMyProfessors homepage .
However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often for updates .
We may also email you about these changes .
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact RateMyProfessors using one of the options below :
New York , New York 10036
Attn : Business and Legal Affairs , Office Number : 24-40

Raw Story Media 's privacy policy
The Raw Story and its parent company Raw Story Media , as well as its advertisers , are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information .
This policy governs all Raw Story properties , including but not limited to Raw Story , PoliticsObserved.com , Blue Lemur and RawPrint.com .
During the process of delivering an ad to you , Raw Story and its advertisers do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name , address , phone number , or e-mail address .
However , Raw Story and its advertisers do obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet , your browser type , your country , the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) .
The information collected by The Raw Story and its advertisers is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers .
In some cases , you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific ad ( this ad may ask you to fill out a survey or provide your zip code ) .
If this does occur , Raw Story or its advertisers may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser .
This information is used by an advertiser to respond to your request .
In addition , Raw Story or its advertisers may combine this information with other users ' information and review it in an aggregate form to understand the type of individuals who view a specific type of ad or visit a particular kind of website .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
The Raw Story or its advertisers , as well as most sites on the Internet , may use `` cookies '' to enhance your experience on the web .
Raw Story or its advertisers can not use these cookies to personally identify you in any way .
What are cookies and why do we use them ?
A cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time Raw Story or its advertisers serves you an ad .
This unique number , which is stored in a cookie file on your computer , helps The Raw Story or its advertisers target ads to you .
This cookie can help The Raw Story or its advertisers ensure that we do n't serve you the same ad multiple times , and help our advertisers understand what you like and do n't like about their offerings so that they can cater better to your needs the next time you are interested in their products or services .
While we believe that cookies enhance your Internet experience by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and delivering more relevant content to you , they are not required for The Raw Story or its advertisers to deliver you an ad .
If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies .
Please consult your web browser 's Help documentation for more information .
The Raw Story works with third party advertising agencies who serve ads to this site .
Each of these agencies have their own privacy policies .
If you have any additional questions about The Raw Story 's dedication to consumer privacy , please click here to send us a message .

MOVE TAKES MATTERS OF PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SERIOUSLY .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) .
This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Sites ( as defined below ) , including by both consumers and Professionals .
Professional ( s ) means individuals , companies and other organizations or persons acting as real estate professionals or otherwise engaged in a business relevant to the Sites , including , without limitation , REALTORS , agents , providers of moving-related services , products or information , homebuilders , lenders , brokers , real estate professionals , remodelers , seniors-related housing , product or service providers , home service professionals and other service professionals .
Except as otherwise indicated , Professionals , consumers and other persons using the Sites are individually and collectively referred to as you , and Move , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates are referred to as , Move , we , us and our .
Consumer ( or consumer ) shall have its ordinary meaning but generally includes any visitor to or user of the Sites other than Professionals .
We use the Sites to provide you with information , resources , tools , products and services specific to the real estate industry and related markets , and to provide you with information about us and our advertisers , and our respective products and services .
The Move family of Web sites ( and mobile apps , and mobile-optimized web sites , linking to or bearing this Privacy Policy ) operated on behalf of Move ( the Site ( s ) ) , including , but not limited to , Move.com , REALTOR.com , SeniorHousingNet.com , HomeFair.com , TOPPRODUCER.com , Resource .
REALTOR.com and Moving.com , are committed to implementing policies and procedures designed to protect your privacy and security , in addition to providing you with the best possible online experience .
To that end , we want you to understand what kinds of information we gather about you , how this information , particularly Personal Information ( defined below ) , is used and safeguarded , and how you can control its use .
In conjunction with this Privacy Policy , you should also review our Terms of Use for a more complete understanding of the rules governing our Sites .
Click here for information on Internet safety and security from the Federal Trade Commission .
What Information is Collected From Me ?
Information You Give Us : Information collected from you will vary , depending on how you access and use the Sites and what information you may choose to provide to us ( whether through email or otherwise ) .
It may be possible to browse various sections of the Sites without submitting any Personal Information .
Personal Information means individually identifiable information about you that we collect online , including , but not limited to , your full name , a user name and password , email address , phone number , physical address , or , for certain products or services , your social security number , or financial information , and for certain e-commerce transactions your credit card information .
Information in a form that is aggregated with other information so as not to be reasonably identifiable with you , and information in a form that otherwise is detached , combined , organized , segmented , modified or processed so as not to be reasonably capable of being associated with you , will not be considered Personal Information , and will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy as to use , sharing or otherwise .
If you choose to take advantage of certain of our products and/or services , or to access certain of our tools , Sites or Site functionality , we may receive or you may be asked to provide Personal Information .
For certain Professionals , you may also be requested to provide your license or MLS ID # .
Whenever we ask for Personal Information , we strive to provide a link to this Privacy Policy to help you understand how Personal Information will be used before you decide whether to disclose it .
You can choose not to provide us with Personal Information , but then you may not be able to fully take advantage of certain features of our Sites and we may not be able to provide you with certain requested information , products and/or services .
Automatic Collection of Information : Like many Web sites or media on or using the Internet , we automatically track certain information about you as you visit and use our Sites to help us ( i ) better understand , offer , operate , improve and modify the Sites , ( ii ) better understand how the Sites are used and experienced and ( iii ) enhance , or better understand how we can enhance , your or others overall experience on one or more of the Sites , including providing advertising and other information that is relevant to you .
This tracked or automatically gathered information may include , among other things , your computer 's IP address ( Internet Protocol address ) , identification number or location , the URLs and Site pages you 've visited , sections of or content on Site pages on which you click or in which you are interested , the number of times you visit each Site page , what downloads and/or search queries you have made , how long you spent on particular sections of each Site and on each Site generally , and information about your computer , browser or operating system type .
This automatically gathered data includes information provided through the use of cookies ( which is described in more detail below ) .
Information from Cookies : Cookies are small files that we send to and store on your computer so that we can recognize it as a unique machine the next time you visit the Sites .
You are always free to decline any cookies we use if your browser permits .
Some of our advertisers and third-party service providers may also utilize their own cookies .
In addition , we and our service providers sometimes use clear GIFs in connection with cookies and other website functions .
Clear GIFs perform administrative functions without detracting from your online experience .
They may be used to perform statistical and administrative tasks including measuring site and page traffic , verifying advertising avenues and positioning images on the web .
Clear GIFs are not designed to collect Personal Information .
Information Sharing Disclosure How Is Information About Me Used and Shared ?
The use of information about you depends on the context in which it is collected .
Therefore , pay special attention to the categories below that relate to the features of the Sites that you wish to utilize .
We may share the Personal Information we collect from you with your consent or under the following circumstances or understandings .
User-Requested Services and Information : Certain features , products or services on or of our Sites may seek or obtain Personal Information from you , which may be used in the following ways :
For information , features , products and services provided by the Sites , the information you submit is used by us to provide the information , feature , product or service you 've requested .
We may also share this information with others to fulfill your request or to facilitate your use of the information , features , products or services , or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy .
When sharing Personal Information in such a manner , we may also share your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , identification number or location .
In addition , we may use and share any registration information that you submit as set forth in the Registration Information section below .
We may use other companies and individuals ( 1 ) to perform supporting functions for the various tools , functionality , information , products and services offered through our Sites on our behalf , ( 2 ) to perform or support various tasks or initiatives instrumental to the business of , or related to operating or improving , the Sites or ( 3 ) to assist us in testing , maintaining or improving the features , content or effectiveness of the Sites or in performing research or development .
These service providers may be permitted to receive from us and use information collected from you but will not be authorized by us to use Personal Information for any other purpose other than in connection with performing the support functions for Move or such other tasks , initiatives or assistance for or expressly permitted by Move .
For information , features , products and services marketed or offered to you jointly or on a coordinated basis by us and a third party , Personal Information may be shared with or independently gathered by the third party .
In these situations , Move will be free to use Personal Information to facilitate such information , features , products and services ( or information about them ) being made available to you and as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy , and you understand the third party may use the information in different ways .
You often can tell when information , features , products or services are marketed or offered jointly or in coordination with a third party because a page or area of the Sites often will be co-branded in such cases , will display the third party 's logo and/or name ( whether or not along with our own ) , will describe or reference the relationship between Move and the third party or will be set up so that you can contact or be linked to the third party or its Web site to initiate , complete or learn more about the transaction .
Please be aware that each company we do business with has its own policies regarding its use , sharing and protection of information about you and that such policies may differ from those outlined in this Privacy Policy .
User-Initiated Communication : From time to time , portions of the Sites may enable you to send email and other types of messages to us or to third parties and to participate in bulletin boards and discussion groups .
All such emails and messages , and all such postings to bulletin boards and discussion groups , become our property once you submit them .
Your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address may be included in any email that you send , whether to us or to third parties .
Whenever you choose to initiate these kinds of communication with us , or anyone else , you may be contacted in return .
Also , remember that our bulletin boards and discussion groups are open to the public , and , therefore , your postings can be seen by anyone and are not protected by us or any other entity .
Please use your own discretion when deciding whether and what to post and whom to contact .
We reserve the right , in our sole discretion , to edit or delete postings from our bulletin boards and discussion groups .
This reservation of rights shall not under any circumstances obligate us to conduct such edits or deletions , nor shall it cause us to be liable for any such edits or deletions .
Referrals : If you participate in any referral service we may offer :
Consumers : We may use the information you submit to determine which of our participating Professional ( s ) may be able to serve your needs or possible interests .
We may forward information relating to you , which may include Personal Information obtained through our sign-up form or otherwise , to certain Professional ( s ) .
Those Professionals or their affiliates , contractors , advertisers , agents or other designees may contact you regarding your needs or possible interests , as may we ourselves .
The following paragraph applies only to Professionals ; others may not infer any commitments or assurances from such following paragraph .
Professionals : This paragraph applies only to Professionals , but does not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Move , which agreements may be entered into by Move in its sole discretion and without notice to others .
Professionals might receive information from , or originating from , consumers seeking the Professional 's products or services or related information .
These information submissions or related inquiries or leads might include , without limitation , Personal Information .
Because protecting personal privacy is important , we require that Professionals treat data received from Move consumers as if it was still on the Sites and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Professionals may use the information sent to the Professionals via our Sites only for the purposes of providing the consumer products and/or services about which the consumer inquired .
We require that Professionals not make any other use of any such data and that Professionals otherwise not share or transmit this information with or to any third party without the consumer 's consent .
Protection of rights : We will release Personal Information or other information we collect from you if we believe that such action is appropriate to : ( 1 ) comply with legal process ; ( 2 ) enforce the Terms of Use agreement for the applicable Site ; ( 3 ) identify , contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who are or we believe have caused or might cause injury to us or a third party , ( 4 ) defend or respond to claims brought or threatened against Move , its employees , directors , suppliers or service providers , Site users or others or ( 5 ) otherwise protect or assert the rights , property , interests or personal safety of Move , its employees , directors , suppliers or service providers , Site users or others .
Any such release decisions may be made by us in our sole discretion .
Asset transfers : We continue to develop our business and in doing so might choose to buy or sell businesses or assets .
Personal Information and other information we collect from you is generally one of the assets acquired or transferred in such transactions .
Registration Information : The Personal Information you provide when you become a registered user or customer of one of the Sites is used primarily to help us customize or enhance your or others ' online experience , increase the convenience of accessing new or existing tools , products and services , and , if applicable , provide the information , features , products and/or services you purchase or request .
This Personal Information may also be shared among the Sites to make use of the Sites more convenient by , for example , limiting the number of times you have to register with us .
Your email address serves as a unique identifier in our record system , and together with your password is designed to help us prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Sites .
The data you give us about your personal preferences and demographics ( e.g. , your age , ZIP code , occupation or the like ) may be used to help us offer content , advertisements , products , and services that we believe will be of interest to you .
In addition , we may share this information , in aggregate or other protected form ( see Information You Give Us , above ) or under confidentiality terms , with our current and potential advertisers and service providers so that they , or we , can present and deliver advertisements more effectively .
If you forget your password for any registered area of the Sites , we have an automated password recovery system , which can be accessed by clicking on the Forgot Password ? link on the sign-in page .
Consumers : Unless you specify that you 'd prefer not to hear from us , we may use the email address you provide at the time of registration to contact you for promotional or other purposes .
You may have these communications terminated at any time by opting out through your member profile on the applicable Site , or by clicking on any unsubscribe link contained in a promotional email .
Please be aware that opting out on one of our Sites , does not opt you out from any of our other Sites unless that option is specifically provided .
The following paragraph applies only to Professionals ; others may not infer any commitments or assurances from such following paragraph .
Professionals : This paragraph applies only to Professionals , but does not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Move , which agreements may be entered into by Move in its sole discretion and without notice to others .
We may offer a newsletter , electronic flyer or similar material to keep Professionals abreast of the products and services on the Sites or other professional products and services .
Information such as a Professional 's license number or personal financial information will not be shared with third parties except to complete a transaction or as outlined in this Privacy Policy .
Additionally , information provided by Professionals for the purposes of offering the Professional 's products and services to others via one or more of the Sites will be shared with others , including consumers accessing one or more of the Sites .
To the extent such information is necessary to offer such products and services it typically will be posted on the applicable Site ( s ) .
This may include , without limitation , the Professional 's full name , email address , license number , state of license , address , phone number , graphic images and any other data intended to help consumers identify or contact the Professional or related to the Professional 's products or services .
When sharing Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy , we may also share your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , identification number or location .
Move is not restricted as to information , including Personal Information , except as described in this Policy .
Automatically Gathered Information : Information that is automatically gathered , including through the use of cookies , may be shared among the Sites .
It may also be shared with other third parties , including listing providers , advertisers , service providers and others , so that we may better understand how the Sites are used , to enhance the overall experience on the Sites and otherwise in connection with our operation of the Sites and conducting related business .
But when so shared with third parties , any Personal Information will be included for such purpose ( s ) only if first put in aggregated or other protected form ( see Information You Give Us , above ) or the third party will be contractually restricted from using such Personal Information for any purpose other than in connection with the purpose for which it was shared by Move .
Children 's Privacy : Our Sites are general audience Web sites and media .
If you are under the age of 13 you should not register or provide information on our Sites .
We do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13 .
Move is not restricted as to non-Personal Information except as described in this Policy .
HOW CAN I ACCESS AND CHANGE PERSONAL INFORMATION ?
To view , edit or delete the Personal Information that you submitted on the Sites during registration or during the purchase of a product or service , or that you otherwise submitted as described above :
Consumers : Follow the instructions found in the My Profile or Edit Your Profile area of the Site ( s ) where you registered or submitted Personal Information .
The following paragraph applies only to Professionals ; others may not infer any commitments or assurances from such following paragraph .
Professionals : Professionals may edit Personal Information the Professional has submitted by returning to the area of the Site where the Professional registered and modifying the information there , or by calling our Customer Care Center at ( 800 ) 878-4166 .
By contacting Customer Care to make such changes , Professionals expressly authorize Customer Care to access Personal Information and any associated data or accounts for the purposes of completing the Professional 's requested edits , modifications and/or deletions .
This paragraph applies only to Professionals , but does not apply to a Professional to the extent modified in a separate written agreement signed by an authorized officer of Move , which agreements may be entered into by Move in its sole discretion and without notice to others .
Any change you request regarding Personal Information may adversely affect or otherwise change the availability , deliverability or quality for you of information , features , products or services in which you are interested or your experience on or relating to the Sites .
How Is Personal Information Protected
Whenever Personal Information is stored on our computers ( which may be for an indefinite period , or a more limited time based on obsolescence or other factors ) , that information is protected from unauthorized access or use by way of passwords or other industry-acknowledged means .
In addition , servers of ours that store this information are located behind a firewall .
Since your financial information and certain other Personal Information ( i.e. , your social security number ) is especially sensitive , we take special care to keep it secure .
We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using precautions such as SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) encryption ( an accepted standard for online security ) , security keys and password authentication from any third parties receiving this information .
Finally , to the extent that we may ask for and will store for a period of time Personal Information consisting of your social security number , credit card number or financial information , this information will be stored using precautions such as secure designated servers where access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders and/or payment for products and services purchased ; provided , however , that those orders and/or payments processed by our business partners , marketing allies and/or service providers that provide or participate in providing the service or product requested or participate in the payment process may store such information on their servers which are governed by such third party 's privacy policy and security procedures .
Of course , we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others ' privacy .
We hope you 'll use common sense whenever you disclose Personal Information over the Internet .
Just as importantly , we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that Personal Information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy .
Finally , unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet nor any storage of information on servers or other media can be guaranteed or made to be 100 % secure ; and while we strive to protect Personal Information , as outlined in this Privacy Policy , we can not promise , guarantee or warrant the complete security of information .
Scope of this Privacy Policy : Outside Links
Be aware that our Sites link to other Web sites and media that may collect Personal Information .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Sites , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices , nor the content , associated with any linked Web sites .
You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection , security , use and disclosure policies .
Online Behavioral Advertising ( OBA ) Information
Sometimes ads might appear on the Sites that are delivered to you based on OBA methods .
( Please see the definition of OBA below . )
If such ads are displayed to you , the purpose typically is to deliver ads to you that are expected to be of greater relevance to you ( because they tend to relate to topics of interest to you as indicated by such collected data ) , and thus more helpful to you while potentially being more effective for advertisers as well .
Such ad-delivery and data-collection normally is performed by third parties not affiliated with us .
However , if you prefer not to receive ads delivered to you on this Site based on OBA , then you can click About Ads and you will be presented with a Web site offering the opportunity to eliminate or reduce the receipt of ads on this Site delivered to you based on OBA , or information on how you may do so .
Similarly , you can also click Opt Out with respect to ads by advertisers who cooperate with the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and its self-regulatory online behavioral advertising principles , and opt out of an NAI member 's behavioral advertising program .
With respect to the Sites , we endeavor to comply with OBA-related guidelines known as the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as published in July , 2009 , by a consortium of leading advertising associations including the Council of Better Business Bureaus and others ( including the AAAA , ANA , DMA and IAB ) .
Note that when we refer here to you or your in connection with OBA , this oftentimes means a computer , IP address ( Internet protocol address ) or other device that presumably you use , or is associated with you , in connection with use of the World Wide Web .
Accordingly , by Online Behavioral Advertising ( or , OBA ) , we mean the collection of data online from a particular computer or device regarding Web viewing behaviors over time and across non-affiliate Web sites ( meaning , Web sites other than this Site or other of the Sites ) and for the purpose of using such data to predict user preferences or interests to deliver advertising to that computer or device based on the preferences or interests inferred from such Web viewing behaviors .
Certain things that are not included as OBA ( some of which have been addressed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy ) are : collection on one or more of the Sites of viewing behavior on such Site ( s ) solely for use on or in connection with one or more of the Sites ( including the delivery of ads on the Sites ) ; the logging or reporting of ad performance or other ad metrics such as page views or the number and type of advertisements delivered ( such reporting may include , for example , reporting by us to one of our service providers or customers , or vice versa ) ; the activity itself of causing ads or advertising-related services to be delivered ( apart from whether OBA is involved ) ; and Contextual Advertising .
By Contextual Advertising , we mean the delivery of advertisements based on ( i ) the content of one or more of a Site 's Web pages , ( ii ) a search query on one of the Sites or ( iii ) a user 's behavior on one or more of the Sites during the same online session during which the ad is delivered .
Effective Date and Modifications
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above and may be updated and modified from time to time by us in our sole discretion .
If we choose to update or modify this Privacy Policy , such updated or modified policy shall become effective five ( 5 ) business days after its posting on the applicable Site ( s ) .
Accordingly , we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Sites in order to keep apprised of our current privacy practices .
If you do not agree to any provision of this Privacy Policy , or any update or modification of it , please do not use the Sites .
If you have concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices in general , contact us at :
Move , Inc .
30700 Russell Ranch Road Suite 1000
Westlake Village , CA 91360
Fax : ( 805 ) 557-2680

Redbubble respects your privacy .
We will never rent or sell your personal information to any third party .
But we do need to use some of your information for other purposes and we created this Privacy Policy to make sure you 're aware of what information we use and to help you understand how and why we use this information .
We also want to be clear that by using this website you are consenting to our collection , storage and use of your information as set out in this Privacy Policy .
To provide you with the Redbubble service we need you to provide a username and email address .
You may also choose to provide additional personal information such as your full name , age and location .
Depending on the services you use , we may also need you to provide other personal information such as billing and payment information , tax status , and physical shipping address .
To better understand how our visitors use our service and to help us provide a better experience for our visitors , we may collect and store non-personal information either directly in log files and cookies , or via third party vendors , including Google and Crazy Egg , that use various standard web tracking technologies including cookies and web beacons .
Examples of non personal information include pages that you have visited , ip address , browser type and operating system .
You can choose to disable cookies , but please remember this may mean that parts of the website may not function correctly .
We use third party vendors to display relevant ads for Redbubble at locations away from our website on the internet .
Some of these vendors , including Google and Fetchback , use cookies to display ads based on your previous visits to the Redbubble site .
You can opt out of these cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .
We may need to share certain information with third party vendors for reasons such as manufacturing , printing or logistics .
In certain , very specific circumstances , we may share information with third party governmental agencies or other companies assisting us to prevent or investigate illegal activity .
The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes .
From time to time we will email you useful information about using the Redbubble service .
You can opt out from receiving certain types of messages in your account settings .
If you require help with using the Redbubble service , our support team may ask you to confirm some of your private information , such as your name , delivery address , or other relevant identifying information .
Redbubble will never email you directly and ask for these details unless you have requested help or support .
If you have any comments or queries about our privacy policy or the way we collect and use your personal information please just ask .

Data Protection & Privacy Policy
( Effective & last modified August 26 , 2010 )
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE .
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES ( OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME ) , YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
Red Bull India Pvt . Ltd .
( Red Bull , `` we , us and our '' ) offers you access to its interactive online websites .
This Privacy Policy , together with our Terms of Use and any additional terms which might apply to certain products or services , govern your use of our websites and any other online services we provide ( collectively , Website ) .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail :
the types of information we collect when you use our Website
how we use the information we collect from you
the instances in which we may share your information with others
the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your information
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you , but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website , using our online store , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us .
We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access our Website e.g. , IP addresses , your web browser , which website you were on before you visited our Website , your computer operating system , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
B.HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or events or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below in Section I .
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc .
Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests .
In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information , we will not sell your personally identifiable without your prior approval .
( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities ( see Preference Based Advertising below ) , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others .
C.COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING
( 1 ) Cookies and Web Beacons : We automatically receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many websites , we use `` cookies '' and `` web beacons '' ( also called clear gifs or pixel tags ) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website .
`` Cookies '' are small files that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive or your web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you .
`` Web beacons '' are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and may be used to track the online movements of users , when an email has been opened , and to provide other information .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your web browser or hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 2 ) Preference Based Advertising : We may work with third party advertising networks that use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites .
This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these advertising networks to analyze your online activities for purposes of serving you with advertisements ( while on our Website or third party sites ) tailored to meet your preferences .
If you do not wish to participate in this activity , please click here and follow the simple opt-out process .
A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool : ( 1 ) it includes all the advertising networks that Red Bull may work with , but also many that Red Bull does not work with ; and ( 2 ) it typically relies on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you ( Opt-out Cookies ) for a general explanation of how Opt-out Cookies work , please click here .
So , if you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer , you may need to perform the opt-out task again .
( 1 ) IP Addresses : An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 ) Email Communications : If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
We may email you for many reasons , including , without limitation , emails in response to your request for a particular service or your registration for a feature that involves email communications , emails that relate to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , informational emails about our other products , services , or events , or when you consent to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future promotional emails from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link included at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below .
( 3 ) Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 4 ) Other : We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please Contact Us .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
G.KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
I.CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
You may Contact Us if : ( a ) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy ; ( b ) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided ; ( c ) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence , including emails , from us or our affiliated companies ; or ( d ) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others .
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
Since our business changes constantly , this Privacy Policy will also change from time to time .
We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Website .
If , at any point , we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated in our Privacy Policy at the time it was collected , we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us .
You will have a choice ( via an opt-out opportunity ) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected if you opt out of the new policy .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website .
If you are contacted by an individual or company claiming to be Red Bull and offering you employment , gift cards or some other promotion in exchange for personal information and/or payment - PLEASE DISREGARD as they are not authorized Red Bull representatives or programs , and may be an unlawful attempt to obtain your information or money .

reddit privacy policy effective dec 18 , 2013
your privacy is genuinely important to us .
here 's how we manage and use your data .
1 We take protecting your privacy seriously , and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information .
This document is our Privacy Policy , which describes what information we collect and what it 's used for .
It applies to all interactions with reddit.com , including content posted through iReddit , and interactions with our site through the button and widget .
However , other services we own such as redditgifts and loosely affiliated but independent services ( for instance , radio reddit ) have their own terms , and you should review them on each service 's respective website .
2 Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
Your use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy .
If you can not agree to the terms and conditions set forth below , please do not use our services .
Additionally , our Privacy Policy is part of our User Agreement , and by using the site you agree to both .
3 reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want .
We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site , and other information that is necessary to make the service work .
Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose and we do n't sell or profit from the information you share with us .
4 We do take efforts to make sure the platform keeps working .
This includes using your information , where necessary , to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement .
We also share your information when we are legally required to do so .
Please read this privacy policy carefully .
It describes what information we collect , how it is used , and when it is shared so you can make smart decisions about how you use reddit ! We think it strikes a good balance and respects you our users who make this whole thing possible .
Let us know what you think .
what information we collect
5 When you create an account , you are required to provide a username and password , and may opt to provide an email address .
We also log , and retain indefinitely , the IP address from which the account is initially created .
post , comment and messaging data
The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private , even if made to a subreddit not readily accessible to the public .
This means that , by default , they are not deleted from our servers ever and will still be accessible after your account is deleted .
However , we only save the most recent version of comments and posts , so your previous edits , once overwritten , are no longer available .
7 Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved , but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support .
Moreover , we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service , even when both parties later delete their accounts .
reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts , comments , and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent .
9 If you choose to upgrade to reddit gold , this status will be stored on your profile , along with the transaction number associated with the payment .
However , reddit does not handle or have access to any of your payment information .
For questions about how this information is stored and used , please read our third party partners ' privacy policies .
10 Log data is certain information that is automatically collected by our systems when you visit reddit , including the type of software used to access the site ( browser , operating system ) , the address of the external or internal page that referred you , and your IP address .
This information is recorded even if you are logged out of your account .
It will be deleted from our servers after 90 days .
other information related to your account
11 As you interact with reddit as an accountholder , we save certain information about these interactions and your preferences : subscriptions , preferred language , all languages you see content in , accumulated karma , voting data , and date of last login .
You may also opt to add `` flair '' to decorate your profile , and this will be stored as well .
how we use or disclose collected information
our use of your information is limited to improving your experience
12 It takes a lot of work to keep our site running and prevent abuse , and we sometimes use your data in order to facilitate this .
Your information is used internally only where necessary to provide our services .
For instance , we keep IP addresses for 90 days in order to investigate issues with our site , track and block suspected spammers , and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community .
your private information is never for sale
13 This means that we will only share your personal data with your consent , and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom , unless it is otherwise permitted in this policy .
While advertisers may target their ads to the topic of a given subreddit , we do not sell or otherwise give access to any information collected about our users to any third party .
14 Anonymous , aggregated information that can not be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties .
reddit will not disclose your information unless required by law
15 We may disclose or preserve for future disclosure your information if we believe , after due consideration , that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation , or valid legal process .
If we are going to release your information , we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance via reddit 's private messaging system unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so ( e.g. , an order under 18 U.S.C . 2705 ( b ) ) .
your information may be disclosed by us in an emergency or to keep our services running
16 Other extraordinary circumstances may require disclosure : we may also disclose your information when we believe it 's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person ; to address fraud , security , or spam ; or to protect our rights or property .
17 Cookies are small data files placed on your computer by websites you visit in order to help them remember certain information about you .
At reddit , we set only a few cookies for tracking user preferences , authentication , and collecting anonymous analytics data .
Additionally , our advertising partners set cookies .
Each of these uses is described in greater detail below .
california 's 'do not track ' law
18 reddit 's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track ( `` DNT '' ) or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond .
reddit does not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information from users on reddit .
19 If you are logged out , reddit will place a simple cookie to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content , or if you set a language preference .
Additionally , if you vote an advertisement up or down , our third-party advertising partner , Adzerk , will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences .
20 reddit.tv will place a simple cookie to remember your channel choices , which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged , and your playback preferences including vote sort , autoplay , shuffle , NSFW/SFW , and whether annotations will be visible .
21 When you log into your account , reddit will place a cookie for the sole purpose of creating this session .
It contains your user id and hashed authentication information .
22 We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website .
It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information , such as how the site was accessed , how long visitors stayed , and the number of first-time visitors to the site .
By knowing how people use the site , we can make it better .
We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party ads .
24 Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk 's privacy policy .
25 Most browsers include an option to clear existing cookies or reject new ones .
However , if you do this , portions of the reddit website may not function as intended .
You may choose to delete your reddit account at any time .
The usernames associated with deleted accounts remain unavailable for others to use , and your public profile is no longer visible to users of the site .
However , the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process , though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts .
27 Certain third party sites may offer users the option to log in using their reddit id ( for example , redditgifts ) .
This option is only an authentication tool and does not transmit any new personal information to reddit , or give reddit access to details of subsequent actions taken on these sites .
28 reddit will make every effort to secure any private information submitted to us by our users .
However , no data transmission over the internet is completely secure , so we can not guarantee the absolute security of this data .
You use the service at your own risk , and are responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account ( such as carefully maintaining the secrecy of your password ) .
29 reddit is a San Francisco , California-based company whose servers are housed in the United States .
All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law .
30 reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
31 In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles , reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us .
32 reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
33 Although we welcome users from all walks of life , our site is not aimed at children , and the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
Individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account with us .
If you believe someone 12 or younger is using our site without parental consent , please contact us .
changes to this policy
34 We reserve the right to change this policy to meet the changing needs of reddit , or for any other reason .
If we make changes , we will notify our users .
Where the changes substantially alters your rights , notice will appear prominently on your front page .
More minor changes may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website .
35 reddit welcomes questions , concerns , and feedback about this policy .
Please feel free to contact us .

Rediff.com India Limited and its subsidiaries ( `` Rediff.com '' ) respects your privacy .
This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by Rediff.com .
You are advised to please read the Privacy Policy carefully .
By accessing the services provided by Rediff.com you agree to the collection and use of your data by Rediff.com in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy .
The Policy does not apply to the procedures and practices followed by entities that are not managed , owned or controlled by Rediff.com or to the people that are not engaged , employed or managed by Rediff.com
We want you to
feel comfortable using our web sites
feel secure submitting information to us
contact us with your questions or concerns about privacy on this site
know that by using our sites you are consenting to the collection of certain data
WHAT INFORMATION IS , OR MAY BE , COLLECTED FROM YOU
We will automatically receive and collect certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our Web server , including computer-identification information obtained from `` cookies , '' sent to your browser from :
web server cookie stored on your hard drive
an IP address , assigned to the computer which you use
the domain server through which you access our service
the type of computer you 're using
the type of web browser you 're using
We may collect the following personally identifiable information about you :
name including first and last name
mobile phone number and contact details
demographic profile ( like your age , gender , occupation , education , address and durables owned ) ;
preferences and interests ( such as news , sports , travel and so on ) ;
financial information ( like account or credit card numbers ) ; and
opinions of features on our websites .
We may also collect the following information :
about the pages you visit/access
the links you click on our site
the number of times you access the page You can terminate your account at any time .
However , your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account .
WHO COLLECTS THE INFORMATION
We will collect anonymous traffic information from you when you visit our site .
We collect the personally identifiable information from you when you register with us .
During registration you are required to give us your contact information ( such as name , email address , date of birth , gender , address , pin code , cell number , occupation and interests ) .
Upon registration users may receive communications from Rediff.com ( e.g . newsletters , updates )
We use this information to contact you about the services you are using on our site and services in which you have expressed interest .
You have the option to provide demographic information ( such as occupation , education and gender ) to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site .
If you purchase a product or service from us , we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form .
You must provide contact information ( such as name , email , and shipping address ) and financial information ( such as credit card number , expiration date , CVV verification , Name on card , billing address etc . ) .
We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders .
If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this information to contact you .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Rediff.com does store this information and the information is used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
We will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process , on-line survey , or contest or any combination thereof .
Our advertisers may collect anonymous traffic information from their own assigned cookies to your browser .
The Site contains links to other Web sites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites which we do not own , manage or control .
We make chat rooms , forums , instant messenger and message boards and other services available to you .
Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information .
We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when disclosing your personal information to anyone .
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
We are the sole owners of your information collected by us at several different points on our Website .
HOW IS THE INFORMATION USED
We use your email address to send you :
Password reminder and registration confirmation
Changes in the service 's policy or terms of use
Event based communications such as order information , renewal notices , invites , reminders etc .
Note : We send users newsletters and updates upon registration .
We send newsletters and/or promotional emails on behalf of our alliance partners .
We use your personal information to :
help us provide personalized features
tailor our sites to your interest
to get in touch with you in the case of password retrieval and policy changes
to provide the services requested by you
to preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy
We use contact information internally to :
direct our efforts for product improvement
contact you as a survey respondent
notify you if you win any contest ; and
send you promotional materials from our contest sponsors or advertisers
Generally , we use anonymous traffic information to :
remind us of who you are in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service from both an advertising and an editorial perspective ;
recognize your access privileges to our Web sites
track your entries in some of our promotions , sweepstakes and contests to indicate a player 's progress through the promotion and to track entries , submissions , and status in prize drawings
make sure that you do n't see the same ad repeatedly
help diagnose problems with our server
administer our Web sites
track your session so that we can understand better how people use our sites
WITH WHOM WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED
We will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you .
We do not share or rent your email addresses with third parties except our agents and alliance partners .
We use the services of our enabling partners such as outside shipping companies , resellers , business associates to fulfill orders , and credit card processing companies to process the payment for goods and services ordered from Rediff.com website .
These entities do not retain , store , share or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes .
We will share your information with our Alliance Partners who work with us or on our behalf to help provide you the services .
An alliance partner is a company or an individual who owns and manages ( wholly or part of ) online content on their websites powered by rediff.com .
We share email addresses email addresses with Agents and Alliance Partners .
The Agents and Alliance Partners use the email address to confirm the deliveries , send notices and offer services related to the service .
We do not rent , sell or share your personal information and we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties unless :
we have your permission
to provide products or services you 've requested
to help investigate , prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities , suspected fraud , potential threat to the safety or security of any person , violations of Rediff.com terms of use or to defend against legal claims ;
special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas , court orders , requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable and email address information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
We share your information with advertisers on an aggregate basis only .
The security of your personal information and email address is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number and/or social security number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and email address submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and email address , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you have any questions about security on our Web site , you can send email us at
WHAT CHOICES ARE AVAILABLE TO YOU REGARDING COLLECTION , USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary .
You are not required to register with us in order to use our sites .
However , we offer some services only to visitors who do register .
You may change your interests at any time and may opt-in or opt-out of any marketing / promotional / newsletters mailings .
Rediff.com reserves the right to send you certain service related communication , considered to be a part of your rediff account without offering you the facility to opt-out .
You may update your information and change your account settings at any time .
you may contact us at +91-22-61820000 or
Rediff.com India Limited , Mahalaxmi Engineering Estate , L J First Cross Road , Mahim ( West ) , Mumbai - 400016 to opt-out .
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out ' of having your email address used for certain purposes , when we ask for this information .
Upon request , we will remove/block your personally identifiable information from our database , thereby canceling your registration .
See Contact information below .
However , your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account .
If we plan to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes , we will notify you at the time we collect that information and allow you to opt-out of having your information used for those purposes .
You can accept or decline the cookies .
All sites that are customizable require that you accept cookies .
You also must accept cookies to register as someone for access to some of our services .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on this site .
We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site . ]
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
We use session cookies to make it easier and secured for you to navigate our site .
A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's `` help '' file .
We use session cookies to store the secure session and browsing preferences of the user .
We set a persistent cookie to store your username and interests so you do n't have to enter it more than once .
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site .
If you reject cookies , you may still use our site , but your ability to use some areas of our site , such as contests or surveys , will be limited .
Cookies are used in shopping cart to enable enhanced security and ensuring there is no URL based spamming .
Some of our business partners ( e.g. , advertisers ) set cookies while delivering banners on our site .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Rediff.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
We do use cookies on point of collection pages of email address but we do not use them in emails .
Rediff.com cookies are not being tied to PII .
WHAT SECURITY PROCEDURES ARE IN PLACE TO PROTECT INFORMATION FROM LOSS , MISUSE OR ALTERATION
To protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control , we have in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures .
For example , our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and that your information is shared with respective personnel on need to know basis to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you .
Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information , transmissions made by means of the Internet can not be made absolutely secure .
By using this site , you agree that we will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information and email addresses submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information and email address , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
HOW CAN YOU CORRECT INACCURACIES IN THE INFORMATION
To correct or update any information you have provided , our sites allow you to do it online .
In the event of loss of access details you can use any of the following options :
Call the following telephone number : +91 ( 22 ) 61820000
We reserve the right to change or update this policy at any time by placing a prominent notice on our site .
Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to this site .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , or by means of a notice on our homepage .
If we decide to make changes in our email practices , we will post those changes to this privacy policy , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If we decide to change our email practices , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
You are can offer your views , suggestions , if any , by submitting the filled in feedback form online .
You can contact us at :
L. J . First Cross Road
Mahim ( West )
Tel : +91 22 61820000
Fax : +91 222 445 5346

Effective Date : August 30 , 2012
This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) explains how information about you is collected , used , and disclosed by Recreational Equipment , Inc .
( `` REI '' ) when you access or use our websites or other online or mobile services or applications ( `` Services '' ) , sign up to become an REI member , shop in our stores , sign up for activities and events , or otherwise interact with us .
We may supply different or additional notices of our information practices specific to certain programs or activities .
Third Party Advertising , Analytics and Services
Your California Privacy Rights
Changes to this Policy
Information You Provide to Us .
We collect information you provide directly to us .
For example , we collect information when you become a member ; create an online account or profile ; use the interactive areas and features of our Services ; make a purchase or rental ; sign up for contests , promotions , mailing lists , classes , events or recreational activities ; and when you email , call , or otherwise communicate with us .
The types of information we may collect include :
Membership and Online Account Information , such as your name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , photos , social media usernames , demographic information , and information about your interests and preferences .
Transaction Information , such as your name , billing address , shipping address , phone number , email address , credit card information , and transaction history .
REI Adventures and Outdoor School Information , such as medical/health information , fitness conditions , physical characteristics , passport information , dietary requirements , and emergency contact information .
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services .
We may also automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Services , including :
Log Information : We obtain information about your use of our Services , including the type of browser you use , access times , pages viewed , your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services .
Device Information : We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services , including the hardware model , operating system and version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information .
In addition , if you connect to REI 's wifi network while in our stores , we collect information about your browsing activity , such as the URLs of the pages you visit .
Location Information : We may collect information about your location when you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information .
For more details , please see `` Your Choices '' below .
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies : We may use cookies , web beacons , and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with our Services , including information about your browsing behavior , purchase behavior , and other engagement with the Services .
We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the `` Use of Information '' section below .
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default , but you can usually change your browser settings to remove or reject cookies .
In addition to browser cookies , Adobe Systems Inc. may set a `` flash cookie '' on your computer or mobile device when you view videos on our Services .
To manage and disable `` flash cookies , '' visit Adobe Flash Player security and privacy .
Information We Collect from Other Sources .
We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you .
We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes , for example , to :
administer your membership and communicate with you about member benefits ( such as your dividend balance and special offers only available to members ) ;
provide and deliver products and services , process and complete transactions and send you related information , including purchase confirmations , invoices , updates , security alerts , recall notices and support and administrative messages ;
provide , maintain , and improve the Services ;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities ;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service ;
communicate with you about REI and partner products , services , offers , promotions , news , upcoming events , and other information we think will be of interest to you ;
monitor and analyze trends , usage and activities ;
personalize the Services and provide advertisements , content , or features that are targeted toward your interests ; and
process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes .
We may store and process information in the United States and other countries .
We may share personal information about you outside of REI and its affiliates , including as follows :
with third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf ;
we may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer products or services of interest to you ;
when you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services , certain information about you may be displayed publicly on our Services and on third party sites , such as your photos , stories , posts , and other information you choose to provide in your profile ;
in connection with , or during negotiations of , a corporate business transaction , such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company , joint venture , corporate reorganization , insolvency or bankruptcy , financing or sale of company assets ;
if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; and to protect REI , our members , our customers , or any other person from harm ; and
with your consent .
We may also share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information about you .
The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools , which let you share actions you take on the Services with other media , and vice versa .
The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature .
For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features .
REI takes reasonable measures , including administrative , technical , and physical safeguards , to protect information about you from loss , theft , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
You may update or correct information about you by logging into your online account or calling Customer Service .
You may also email us if you wish to deactivate your account , but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law .
If you opt out of receiving promotional communications , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your purchases , account , membership or our ongoing business relations .
You also have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device , or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all REI applications from your mobile device .
Third Party Advertising , Analytics and Services
We allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services .
These third parties may use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites , including your IP address , web browser , pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked , and conversion information .
This information may be used by REI and these third parties to analyze and track data , determine the popularity of certain content , deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites , and better understand your online activity .
This Policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , third party cookies , web beacons , or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices .
We also use a third party to `` power '' product reviews on our Services .
When you submit a product review , you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party , and the reviews you submit may be posted on our Services and on third party websites .
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes .
However , under the law , a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt in to , or opt out of , this type of sharing .
REI qualifies for this alternative option .
To opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes , please call Customer Service .
Changes to this Policy
REI may change this Policy from time to time .
If we make changes , we will notify you by revising the Effective Date above and , in some cases we may provide you with more prominent notice ( such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification ) .
We encourage you to review the Policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy .
You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address :
Recreational Equipment , Inc .
Attention : Privacy Officer
6750 S. 228th Street
Kent , Washington 98032

Statement on Privacy and Data Protection
SECTION I : GENERAL
This Statement is an addition to the Terms and Conditions .
Therefore , the general definitions and provisions of the Terms and Conditions apply .
The Provider operates the Service in full compliance with the Directive 95/46/EC and the German laws on privacy and data protection .
The Provider respects your privacy and therefore protects your personal data .
ResearchGate is not one a Web service that exists primarily in order to collect personal data .
For your convenience , the Provider has arranged all information on privacy and data protection in a `` Questions & Answers '' section .
Nevertheless , this statement is a binding agreement between the Provider and each User .
The User expressly consents to storage and processing of his/her personal data , as described and defined in this statement .
SECTION II : MASTER DATA
What is master data ?
Master data , in this statement , means all data related directly to a User as a person , irrespective of your actual usage of the Service .
This includes i.e . a User 's name , e-mail address and other contact information , birthday , gender , research vita , information about what conferences the User attends and what ResearchGate Groups the User is a member of .
What master data is collected and stored by ResearchGate ?
ResearchGate stores data you enter and submit on the Web service ; i.e. , if you submit your academic career to your profile page , ResearchGate will store it .
Or , if you join a group or a conference , ResearchGate will store that information .
What master data is processed by ResearchGate and why ?
ResearchGate will process your data in order to run the Web service , for example , if any internet user visits your profile page , we process your data in order to show your profile page .
Very basic data ( e.g . your name ) is visible to all users .
However , you can choose to make most of your data only visible to your closer friends .
ResearchGate will also process your master data randomly to provide dynamic Web pages to you that are individually adapted considering your master data .
Furthermore , ResearchGate reserves the right to process your master data to generate anonymous statistics .
Such anonymous statistics will contain no information about any individual user .
Does ResearchGate process my e-mail adress and send e-mails ?
ResearchGate will process your email address solely to send e-mails to you containing information or notifications about the Service .
ResearchGate reserves the right to attach a minor part to such e-mails containing advertisements for products and services of any third party .
How can I see what master data is stored and how can I change or delete it ?
You can see and edit your data on your profile pages .
You can also delete all your master data but your name , your e-mail address and your password .
If you cancel your ResearchGate subscription ( if you wish to do so , please contact ResearchGate by e-mail , mail or fax ) , we will delete all your data .
Unlike some other Web services , ResearchGate will definitely not store any personal data of former users .
SECTION III : TRAFFIC DATA
What is traffic data ?
Traffic data is data about your ResearchGate usage .
This is mainly tracking information on log-in times , duration , and activities while logged in Traffic data also includes your IP address/es and information sent automatically by your Web browser such as your browser software , preferred languages , and the name of your operating system .
What traffic does ResearchGate collect and store ?
ResearchGate collects your traffic data , as defined before , and will store that data for the duration of your session ( a session starts when you log in and ends when you log out .
The session automatically times out after approx .
60 minutes of inactivity ) .
After your session ends , ResearchGate reserves the right to store traffic data for one day .
During that period , your data is only connected to your IP address and not to your user account , which has your personal information .
ResearchGate will not be able to attach any individual user 's name to traffic data .
However , it is possible that someone else ( i.e. , your internet service provider ) could do so .
After this one day , ResearchGate will only store information about how many profile pages you viewed within thirty days .
Only the number of pages are saved .
Information about which pages you have viewed and when are not stored .
What traffic data is processed by ResearchGate and why ?
During your session , ResearchGate needs to process traffic data to provide the Web service .
After the session , ResearchGate reserves the right to process traffic data ( within one day , as mentioned above ) to generate anonymous statistics .
ResearchGate uses this information to improve its services and user experience .
ResearchGate may also process traffic data for security and fraud-detection reasons .
The number of profile pages you viewed is a security measure for the protection of personal data .
Processing this information helps ResearchGate detect and prevent `` data harvesting '' , meaning automatic retrieval of profile pages to gain many users ' personal data .
How can I view stored traffic data , change or delete it ?
Please contact the ResearchGate support team for any requests related to viewing , changing or deleting your traffic data .
When you cancel your ResearchGate subscription , we automatically delete your personal traffic data .
SECTION IV : COOKIES
What are cookies ?
Cookies are little files with information that are not stored by ResearchGate , but by your Web browser .
A cookie is generated when ResearchGate sends such request to your Web browser and your web browser accepts it ; later , your web browser will send that cookie back to ResearchGate on request .
Do I have to use cookies ?
Cookies can make some functions more convenient for you , as they help to generate individualized pages , but ResearchGate can be used without cookies .
Cookies are switched on by default in ResearchGate and in most Web browsers .
You can switch off cookies on your Privacy Settings page ; then , cookie requests will no longer be sent by ResearchGate .
Please consult your Web browser 's manual ( or help file ) for instructions how to delete existing cookies or how to tell your Web browser not to accept any .
What data is stored in cookies and why will it be processed ?
If you choose to , there will be a cookie for your login information , so that you are automatically logged in when you visit ResearchGate .
You must not use this option if the computer you use is not under your exclusive control , because other people using your computer will be able to log in to ResearchGate without a password .
Furthermore , cookies can store information about the usage of certain pages or functions within ResearchGate .
To generate such pages or functions dynamically , the information stored in the cookie will be processed randomly .
ResearchGate will never store cookie data .
Cookie data is always stored on your hard drive , and will never be processed independently from your usage of the ResearchGate network .
SECTION V : PRIVATE MESSAGES
How does ResearchGate process private messages ?
Messages sent privately within ResearchGate will be processed in order to deliver them to the respective recipient ( s ) .
ResearchGate may also process the message ( including eventual attachments ) randomly in order to investigate it and extract information , such as but not necessarily limited to anti-SPAM and anti-virus checking .
Results of such processing ( but not the message content itself ) may be stored permanently for ResearchGate 's own purposes .
ResearchGate respects the confidentiality of private communications , therefore , the process is fully automated and , unless the fully automated processing indicates a security threat or abusive behavior , no person but the recipient ( s ) will be cognizant of the message .
Will ResearchGate share private messages with third parties ?
Private messages will generally not be shared with any third party .
ResearchGate may nevertheless be obliged to share or grant access to private messages if ordered to do so by a court or a competent judicial authority .
SECTION VI : TRANSMISSION OF DATA
Will ResearchGate sell personal data to any third parties ?
ResearchGate will not sell or otherwise share personal data .
What about other third parties processing data on behalf of ResearchGate ?
ResearchGate reserves the right to appoint third parties to certain tasks , such as database or software development .
For that purpose , it might be necessary for personal data to be shared with and processed by such third parties .
In this case , ResearchGate remains fully responsible for your personal data and will bind any and all third parties to a written agreement ensuring they comply with this statement on privacy and data protection .
ResearchGate is committed to its user 's privacy , hence we are dedicated to choosing a contractor that is trustworthy , and who will operate under the legal regime of the Directive 95/46/EC .
SECTION VII : PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION SUPERVISION
Whom can I contact if I have a request or complaint about Privacy or Data Protection ?
ResearchGate considers privacy and data protection to be very important issues , as they directly affect the trust between us and our valued users .
Therefore , ResearchGate has implemented specific measures to supervise data protection issues .
For any requests or complaints relating to privacy and data protection , please directly contact the data protection officer , Mr. Dennis Jlussi .
SECTION VIII : CHANGES TO STATEMENT ON PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION
How does ResearchGate notify Users of changes in this Statement on Privacy and Data Protection ?
By using the Service , you expressly agree to this Statement on Privacy and Data Protection .
When this Statement on Privacy and Data Protection changes , you will be informed at the time you login to ResearchGate for the first time after the change was made , and you will be requested to agree to the new Statement on Privacy and Data Protection .
ResearchGate wo n't make any binding changes to this Statement on Privacy and Data Protection without your express consent .
Last modified : February 18 , 2013 ( Section on Private Messages was added )

Restaurant.com Online Privacy Policy
Last updated December , 2012
Restaurant.com , Inc. , a Delaware corporation , the provider of the Site ( referred to as `` us , `` we or Restaurant.com ) , is committed to protecting your privacy online .
Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you ( the `` User '' or the `` End User '' ) and how we use that information .
If you have any questions about our privacy policy , please email us .
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY .
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ , UNDERSTAND , AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS , EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE .
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you by among other ways , posting the revised Privacy Policy in the `` Privacy Policy '' section of the Site .
The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted .
It is your responsibility to review the Site and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any modifications .
Your continued use of the Site , or any product or service offered through the Site , after the posting of any modifications will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy .
Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information
We collect two types of information about our Site Users : Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User .
When you engage in certain activities on or off the Website , such as creating an account , signing in to your account , ordering a product or service from us or our partners , adding items to your shopping cart , submitting content and/or posting User Content , entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners , filling out a survey , posting a review , sending us or our partners feedback , requesting information about our services , submitting an affiliate agreement , applying for a job or to be a consultant or supplier , posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website ( collectively , `` Identification Activities '' ) , we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself .
It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity .
If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity , however , we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself , such as your first and last name , mailing address ( including zip code ) , email address , telephone number , date of birth and Restaurant.com account information .
When you order products or services , we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number , expiration date and authentication codes or related information .
We may also know your location if you access the Site .
Depending on the activity , some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary .
If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it , you will not be permitted to engage in that activity
We may collect , use and store Personally Identifiable Information , including credit card information , to provide products and services to you , make the log-in and checkout process easier , administer our Rewards Program , sweepstakes and contests , help you track your past purchases and orders , enhance the operation of the Site , improve our marketing and promotional efforts to your tastes and location , customize future shopping interests , analyze Site use , improve our product and service offerings , and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Item 3 of this Privacy Policy .
If you provide User Content , such as an email to our customer service or response to a restaurant survey , we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services , and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website .
In connection with such User Content and our Rewards Program , we may also display partial information such as first name , initial of last name , city and state .
Such partial information is not considered Personally Identifiable Information .
In addition , if you use our Site to send information or a product to another person , we may store your personal information , and the personal information of any recipient .
We may use that other person 's contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send .
As another example , if you put items in your shopping cart , we may save the items you have selected to make your checkout process easier in the future , or to remind you about the items you may have forgotten .
We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot , resolve disputes , accomplish administrative tasks , contact you , enforce our agreements with you , including our Site Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy , comply with applicable law , and cooperate with law enforcement activities .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User .
This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ( `` URL '' ) of the website you visited before coming to our Website , the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website , the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address .
We , and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers , may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags , as described in Items 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy .
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot , administer the Website , analyze trends , gather demographic information , comply with applicable law , and cooperate with law enforcement activities .
We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , and programming..
Release of Personally Identifiable Information
We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below :
We may share your information with Affiliated Restaurants .
We provide some products or services jointly with particular restaurants .
These are known as `` Affiliated Restaurants . ''
We share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Restaurants in order to help them provide you with better service and track the value of our program .
Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Restaurant to market directly to you should they choose to do so .
However , we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Restaurant if you engage in an Identification Activity , and then only to the Affiliated Restaurant involved in that Identification Activity .
For example , if you purchase a promotional certificate for a particular restaurant , we may share your name , email address and city with that restaurant .
We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Restaurant if you choose to make an online reservation using our Website .
The Affiliated Restaurant needs this information to complete the reservation and it may contact you regarding the reservation .
We may share your information with Affiliated Businesses .
We provide some products or services jointly with other retail merchants who offer discounts through us and donation opportunities through charitable organizations .
These are known as `` Affiliated Businesses . ''
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business so they can contact you regarding a transaction .
Sharing this Information will allow an Affiliated Business to market directly to you should they choose to do so .
However , we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with an Affiliated Business if you engage in an Identification Activity , and then only to the Affiliated Business involved in that Identification Activity .
For example , if you purchase a promotional certificate or voucher for a particular retail merchant , we may share your name , email address and city with that merchant .
We may share your information with Marketing Partners .
From time to time we may establish a business relationship with third parties .
These are known as our `` Marketing Partners . ''
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our Marketing Partners to enable them to contact you regarding products , services , and special offers that may be of interest to you .
Some Marketing Partners may contact you from a promotional space on our Website , and others may contact you via email .
We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers .
We provide some of our services and products through third parties .
These `` Third Party Service Providers '' perform functions on our behalf , like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails .
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders , deliver packages , send postal or email , administer our Rewards Program contests or sweepstakes , remove repetitive information and improve information on customer lists and databases , analyze data and activities , provide marketing assistance , provide search results and links , process credit card payments , operate the Website , troubleshoot , and provide customer service .
We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ( `` Affiliates '' ) with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks .
For example , when you order a service , we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and , if applicable , release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service .
Likewise , we may release an Affiliate 's information to our bank to send out a payment .
We encourage Affiliated Restaurants , Affiliated Businesses , Marketing Partners and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies .
However , the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control .
We may share your information in a Business Transfer .
As with any other business , we could merge with , or be acquired by another company .
If this occurs , the successor company would acquire the information we maintain , including Personally Identifiable Information .
However , Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others .
We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order ; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy , our Website Terms of Use or other agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of the Website , its Users or others .
Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners , Affiliates and Advertisers .
For example , we may share aggregated demographic information ( which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information ) with `` Third Party Advertisers '' or `` Third Party Advertising Companies '' and other parties as provided below :
We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide , through the use of network tags , advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Some of these Third Party Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
We also use Third Party Service Providers , like Omniture , to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality .
We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers .
Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information , only general summaries of the activities of our Users .
Such data is collected on our behalf , and is owned and used by us .
Updating and Correcting Information
We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us .
Please indicate your name , address and email address , and what information you would like to update when you contact us .
We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes .
You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed ; however , because we keep track of past transactions , you can not delete information associated with past transactions on the Website .
In addition , in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information .
User Choices on Collection and Use of Information
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website .
As a condition of account registration , we require your permission to send you Administrative and Promotional emails .
We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers .
You can not opt-out of Administrative Emails .
`` Administrative Emails '' relate to a User 's activity on the Website , and include emails regarding a particular User 's account , requests or inquiries , and purchases of products and services .
In contrast to Administrative Emails , however , you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails .
Promotional Emails update you about new services available on our Site , and advertise our products and services , including exclusive sales and other offers , our Rewards Program and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates .
We send Promotional Emails to Users who register with us and have not opted-out of receiving Promotional Emails .
When contacting us , please indicate your name , address , email address , and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive .
For SMS Text Messaging , reply Stop and we will remove you from receiving SMS Text Alerts .
Please note that this paragraph applies to Promotional Emails only if another agreement ( like an Incentive or Loyalty Solution ( `` ILS '' ) Division agreement or Affiliate agreement ) does not supersede this term of the policy .
If you received a promotional certificate through our ILS division , please either contact us or contact the company that gave you the certificate to determine if our Promotional Email Policy applies to you .
You also have a choice with respect to the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Businesses and Marketing Partners for direct marketing purposes ( but not with Affiliated Businesses for transaction-related purposes , Affiliated Restaurants , or Third Party Service Providers ) .
As described above , if we share your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliated Business or Marketing Partners , such companies may contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you .
When contacting us , please indicate your name , address , email address , and what information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners .
Please note that because email addresses and names are one mechanism used by Affiliated Restaurants to track the success of our service , we must share your name and address with an Affiliated Restaurant when you purchase or redeem a promotional certificate to that particular Affiliated Restaurant .
If you receive unwanted communication from an Affiliated Restaurant , contact such Affiliated Restaurant directly to address such communications .
Please note that opting out of our Promotional Emails or information sharing as described above will only affect future communications from us .
This means , for example , that while we will promptly stop sharing such information once we receive your opt-out request , if we shared your information with an Affiliated Business or Marketing Partner before your request , you must contact such Marketing Partner or Affiliated Business to directly opt-out of its communications .
If you are a restaurant , merchant or other business partner , including a Double Deals business or charitable organization and you provided us with your email address , you will receive service-oriented Partner Emails from us regarding your account .
You have the choice of whether you would like to receive these emails .
If you do not wish to receive account updates , you can opt-out by ( 1 ) emailing us ; ( 2 ) writing to us at the address found below ; or ( 3 ) hitting the unsubscribe button at the bottom of an account email .
If you wish not to receive our customer promotional emails , you must opt-in to those emails on our consumer Website .
Please note that opting-out ( once you have opted-in ) of Promotional Emails will not result in your opting out of Partner Emails and vice versa .
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information .
You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and unique User ID selected by you , or , for restaurant partners , by us .
This password is encrypted .
We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone .
In addition , your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to .
We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same , we can not guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website , and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information .
To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website , we store cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User 's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User .
We use cookies and other browser analytics tools to save you time while using the Website , remind us who you are , administer our Rewards Program and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience .
Cookies and web analytics tools also allow us to collect information about your experience , like which pages you visited , what links you clicked on , and , when combined with information you provide to us , we may be able to tell what kind of items you may be interested in to make your experience more enjoyable .
Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors .
In addition , we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website .
As part of their service , they may place separate cookies on your computer .
We have no access to or control over these cookies .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies .
Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies , some parts of the Website may not work properly .
Other Tracking Devices .
We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags , web beacons and other tools to track your use of our Website pages and promotions , or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf .
These tools are software code that allows us to determine what pages you visit , whether you have performed a specific action , etc .
When you access these pages or open or click an email , these tools generate a notice of that action .
These tools allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website , as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance .
We may also utilize pixel tags , web beacons and other tools provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes .
Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection , use and disclosure practices .
If you link to any such website , we urge you review the website 's privacy policy .
We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties .
Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website .
We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 13 , and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13 .
Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents .
California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act ( the `` Act '' ) and the California Business and Professions Code .
As required by the Act , we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request .
California law requires us to inform you , at your request , ( 1 ) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with ; ( 2 ) the names and addresses of those third parties ; and ( 3 ) examples of the products marketed by those companies .
The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with .
To obtain this information , please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below .
When contacting us , please indicate your name , address , email address , and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners .
The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department , and labeled `` California Customer Choice Notice . ''
Please allow 30 days for a response .
Also , please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice .
Whether you 're a new or loyal customer , restaurant owner , marketer , publisher , media member or job seeker we 'd like to stay connected and want to hear from you !
1500 West Shure Drive , Suite 200
Arlington Heights , Illinois 60004
CST , Monday through Friday )

Effective Date : May 30 , 2013
This Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) explains how RetailMeNot , Inc .
( `` RetailMeNot '' , `` us '' , `` our '' , and `` we '' ) , collects and uses information when you interact with us .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy replaces and supersedes the last version of this Privacy Policy for all users ( including for those users that registered prior to the Effective Date ) .
If you do not agree to our practices , please do not register , subscribe , create an account , or otherwise interact with the Services .
Please Contact Us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy .
You can reach us via postal mail at the following address :
RetailMeNot , Inc .
Attention : Legal Department
301 Congress Avenue , Suite 700
Austin , Texas 78701
Our Privacy Policy is organized as follows :
Types of Personal Information We Collect
How RetailMeNot Collects Personal Information
How RetailMeNot Uses Personal Information
When and Why RetailMeNot Discloses Personal Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information
Security of Personal Information
Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America
Privacy Practices of Third Parties
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Types of Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information is information that can be used to identify , locate , or contact an individual .
It also includes other information that may be associated with Personal Information .
We collect the following types of Personal Information :
Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you , such as your name , postal addresses , email addresses , social media website user account names , telephone numbers , or other addresses at which you receive communications from or on behalf of RetailMeNot .
Relationship Information that helps us to understand who you are and what types of coupons you might like .
This includes lifestyle , preference , and interest information ; location information related to your state/province , city , or neighborhood ; the types of coupons that interest you ; information collected from social media interactions ( such as via Facebook Connect ) ; and demographic information ( e.g. , birth date , age , gender ) .
Transaction Information about how you interact with the Services , such as the coupons you view and redeem and the stores you prefer ; other information about how you use our Services , email , other communications , and applications ; and how you interact with RetailMeNot 's merchants , business partners , and service providers .
Location Information to help us offer you coupons for merchants nearby , if you have activated our Services on a mobile device and permitted your mobile device to transmit location data .
Please see the Your Choices section under the heading mobile for more information on the types of Personal Information that RetailMeNot may collect from the Services operating on a mobile device .
How RetailMeNot Collects Personal Information
We may ask you for Personal Information when you register , subscribe , create an account , or otherwise interact with the Services or contact RetailMeNot .
For example , you may be required to provide us with Contact Information or Relationship Information in order to register for certain services .
We collect Transaction Information when you use our Services .
For example , we may track the coupons you view , submit or redeem , and the comments you make to the forums , bulletin boards , discussion groups , chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or through the Services from time to time ( collectively , `` Communities '' ) , or to those related to our social media pages or accounts .
We use cookies and related technologies to collect information about your computer and your interaction with the Services and our business partner websites .
You can read more about cookies and other technologies in the Cookies and Related Technologies section .
We also collect Transaction Information if you contact us via telephone , email , text , postal mail , social media interaction , or other methods of communication , such as for customer support purposes .
If you use a social media platform , a mobile device or other third-party method of communication to interact with RetailMeNot or the Services , that platform may have a specific privacy statement that governs the use of Personal Information related to that platform .
If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device , please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
If you use the Services on a mobile device and your mobile device 's settings allow it , we may collect Personal Information from your mobile device .
Our application may be designed to collect information even if you are not logged into one of the Services .
Please see the Your Choices section under the heading mobile for more information on the types of Personal Information that RetailMeNot may collect from the Services operating on a mobile device .
From time to time , we may obtain additional Personal Information from third parties .
For example , we may collect Personal Information from third parties to enhance other information we have about you , to help us better understand you , and to otherwise enhance the Services .
How RetailMeNot Uses Personal Information
RetailMeNot uses Personal Information to :
Operate and improve our Services ;
Provide users with coupons for products and services from participating merchants , including coupons based on variables such as stated and anticipated user interests , personal characteristics , or location ;
Evaluate eligibility of users for certain coupons , products or services ;
Provide card-linked offers ;
Evaluate the types of coupons , products or services that may be of interest to users ;
Track redemption of coupons and perform other analytics ;
Provide user support , including to our merchants or business partners ;
Fulfill requests for RetailMeNot services ;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about RetailMeNot and our merchants and business partners , such as RetailMeNot news , special offers and coupons , announcements , and marketing materials ;
Send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts and support and administrative messages service bulletins , or marketing ;
Provide advertisements to you through the Services , third-party sites , email messages , text messages , applications , or other methods of communication ;
Administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our partners ;
Create user profiles that may contain inferences about users such as age range , income range , gender , and interests ;
Manage our everyday business needs such as website administration , forum management , analytics , fraud prevention , Terms of Use or to comply with the law ;
Allow you to apply for a job , post a video or sign up for special offers from third parties through the Services ; and
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent .
When and Why RetailMeNot Discloses Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law as described below :
With affiliated companies ( e.g. , subsidiaries and other companies owned by or controlled by RetailMeNot ) who may only use the Personal Information for the purposes described in Section 3 above ;
With our service providers that provide services for us to assist us in carrying out the purposes described in Section 3 above such as sending emails on our behalf , processing payments , and facilitating card-linked offers .
Qualcomm Labs , Inc. , for example , is a service provider that enables certain geo-location features of our mobile-device applications .
Consequently , Qualcomm Labs , Inc. and its affiliates collect , store , and process , on RetailMeNot 's behalf , certain Location Information and related data on servers in the United States .
Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect Personal Information and are only allowed to use the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of our service agreements with them ;
Merchants , but only to the extent you have redeemed a coupon offered by the merchant , or participated in an offer , contest or other activity sponsored or offered through RetailMeNot on behalf of the merchant ;
RetailMeNot business partners or advertisers , as part of an offer , contest , or other activity that is provided by or in conjunction with RetailMeNot and its business partners and in which you have elected to participate .
For example , if you are referred to RetailMeNot from a business partner 's website or through an invitation facilitated by or in conjunction with a RetailMeNot business partner , RetailMeNot may provide that business partner with Contact Information and Transactional Information to validate the referral and to support the terms of the relationship between RetailMeNot and the business partner , which may allow such business partner to contact you directly and to advertise to you ;
To effect a merger , acquisition , or otherwise ; to support the sale or transfer of business assets ; to enforce our rights or protect our property ; to protect the rights , property or safety of others , investigate fraud , respond to a government request ; or as needed to support auditing , compliance , and corporate governance functions .
We may also disclose Personal Information to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action , and when required or advised to do so by law , such as in response to a subpoena , or similar legal process , including to law enforcement agencies , regulators , and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate .
If RetailMeNot is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on one or more of our Services of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information ; or
Otherwise with your consent .
We encourage RetailMeNot merchants and business partners to adopt and post privacy policies .
However , the use of your Personal Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control .
When you choose to interact with a RetailMeNot merchant or business partner , we encourage you to read any privacy policy they may have posted on their website .
We may also disclose information about you that is not personally identifiable .
For example , we may provide our merchants , business partners , or other third parties with reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our users .
Cookies and Related Technologies
When you use our Services , we collect certain information by automated or electronic means , using technologies such as cookies , pixel tags and web beacons , browser analysis tools , and web server logs .
As you use our Services , your browser and devices communicate with servers operated by us , our business partners and services providers to coordinate and record the interactivity and fill your requests for services and information .
The information from cookies and related technology is stored in web server logs and also in web cookies kept on your computers or mobile devices , which are then transmitted back to our Services by your computers or mobile devices .
These servers are operated and the cookies managed by us , our business partners or our service providers .
For example , when you access our Services , RetailMeNot and our service providers may place cookies on your computers or mobile devices .
These cookies may include means for tracking your Transaction Information with a Merchant and may include tracking technology from third-party affiliate-network operators like LinkShare and Commission Junction .
Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return , and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience .
They also help us provide a customized experience and help us to detect certain kinds of fraud .
A `` cookie '' is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account , your preferences , and your use of the Services .
Some cookies contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your activity with the Services with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your other interactions with the Services .
Some cookies are temporary , whereas others may be configured to last longer .
`` Session '' cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons , such as to manage page views .
Your browser usually erases Session cookies once you exit your browser .
`` Persistent '' cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser .
We use Persistent cookies for a number of purposes , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( such as your user id if you asked to be remembered ) , and storing your preferences .
Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions .
When you access these pages or open email messages , the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action to us , or our service providers .
These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions .
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies .
For example , we may collect information from the devices you use to access our Services , your operating system type or mobile device model , browser type , domain , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device .
Browsers routinely send these types of information to web servers .
Our server logs also record the Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) addresses of the devices you use to interact with the Services .
An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet .
We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our Services and the website you visit after you leave our Services , if this information is supplied to us by your browser .
In many cases , the information we collect using cookies and other tools is used in non-identifiable ways , without any reference to Personal Information .
For example , we use information we collect about users to optimize our Services and understand its traffic and usage patterns .
In other cases , we associate the information we collect using cookies and related technologies with Personal Information .
In that case , this Privacy Policy governs how we use that information .
Additionally , if you have visited one of our mobile websites or activated one of our mobile-device applications , and if the settings on your location-aware device allow us to receive Location Information , we will collect that automatically .
If we associate Location Information with other Personal Information , this Privacy Policy governs how we would use that information too .
RetailMeNot has relationships with third party advertising companies to place advertisements on our behalf onto other websites , and to perform tracking and reporting functions for our Services and our advertisements .
We do not share Personal Information with third party advertising companies ; however , these third parties may automatically collect information about your visit to our Services and other websites , your IP address , your ISP and the browser you use to visit our Services .
They do this by using cookies , clear gifs and other technologies .
Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Services and the other websites tracked by these third parties .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these third parties , and RetailMeNot is not responsible for cookies or clear gifs in third party ads .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technologies .
We also use third party services , such as Google Analytics , to help us understand how visitors interact with our website and to help improve our user experience .
We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and the kinds of coupons you like .
However , you can limit the information you provide to RetailMeNot , and you can limit the communications that RetailMeNot sends to you .
You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial messages that we send you .
You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages , and may choose to unsubscribe from others .
You may also update your subscription preferences from time to time .
If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from RetailMeNot merchants or business partners , you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you .
You may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings .
Browsers are different , so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available .
Please note that if you disable cookies , you may be unable to access some customized features of our Services .
If you access any of our Services through a mobile device or mobile browser , you may manage how your Personal Information is shared with RetailMeNot .
The Personal Information collected by our Services via a mobile device may include the following : ( i ) periodic collection of your location and time of day ; ( ii ) the names of the other applications on your mobile device and , if you use an Android-based mobile device , how you use them ( e.g. , frequency and duration of use ) ; ( iii ) if you use an Android-based mobile device , the URL addresses of the webpages you access ; ( iv ) information about your mobile device ( e.g. , make , model , operating system , and other similar information , but not phone number ) ; and ( v ) information about your use of features , functions , or clicks on notifications or content .
In addition to the other uses of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy , RetailMeNot may use and process Personal Information we collect via a mobile device to : ( a ) send notifications when you arrive at or leave places ; and ( b ) infer the location of the places you visit most often , determine your frequency at these locations , and send notifications when you arrive at or leave those places .
You may opt-out of sharing your Location Information by toggling off the Location option within the Settings menu of our mobile- device applications .
( This feature is available in our iOS-based applications , version 2.2 or higher and in our Android-based applications , version 2.0 or higher ) .
Alternatively , you may adjust the settings on your mobile device to prevent the sharing of Location Information .
You may also manage how your mobile device or mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings .
Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your mobile device and mobile browser settings .
Please note that if you disable the sharing of Location Information , you may be unable to access some features of our Services that are designed for mobile devices .
Connecting through Social Networks
You may manage the sharing of certain Personal Information when you register with us through a social media platform or application , such as through Facebook Connect .
Please refer to the privacy settings of the social media platform or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between RetailMeNot and your social media account .
By registering with RetailMeNot through a social media platform , you grant RetailMeNot permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network 's terms of use and this Privacy Policy .
RetailMeNot App on Facebook
The RetailMeNot App on Facebook ( the App ) provides two separate privacy controls that allow you to control sharing of your actions taken from within the App , such as selecting a favorite store or saving a coupon .
First , you can adjust the App 's settings in order to control sharing outside of the App ( e.g. , with other Facebook users who have not authorized the App themselves ) .
Second , you can adjust the App 's sharing button to control sharing throughout Facebook ( e.g. , with all Facebook users regardless of whether they have authorized the App themselves ) .
Both of these controls are explained in more detail below .
The App 's Settings
When you authorize the App , you may select who on Facebook can see activity created by your actions outside of the App .
The default setting is Friends .
The Friends setting means that your activity within the App may be shared outside of the App with your friends .
For example , some of your friends may see , on your activity feed , newsfeed , ticker , and elsewhere on Facebook , the coupons you save or redeem .
During the authorization step , pictured above , you can change this setting to Public , Only Me or Custom .
Alternatively , at any time after authorizing the App you can update your settings in Facebook by visiting Account Settings > Apps > RetailMeNot > Edit and changing the selection for `` Posts on your behalf : ''
Please note that the Only Me setting means that your activity within the App will not be shared outside of the App with other Facebook users .
However , the App will continue to post your activity on a unique profile page that is shared with your friends who have authorized the App themselves unless you turn off the App 's sharing button as explained below .
The App 's Sharing Button
When you begin using the RetailMeNot App on Facebook , a unique profile page is created to display your actions taken from within the App .
This profile page is automatically shared with any of your friends who have also authorized the App .
The App 's sharing button allows you to control ( i ) what activities are posted to your unique profile page and ( ii ) what activities are shared outside of the App .
At any time during your use of the App , you can click the sharing button , pictured above , to OFF or ON .
The default setting of the App 's sharing button is ON .
Setting the App 's sharing button to ON means your activities ( regardless of the App 's settings described above ) will be posted to your unique profile page which is shared with all of your friends who have also authorized the App .
Turning the App 's sharing button to OFF will prevent your actions taken from within the App ( while the sharing button is set to OFF ) from being posted to your unique profile page .
In addition , your actions taken from within the App while the sharing button is set to OFF will not be displayed outside of the App , regardless of the App 's settings described above .
In this manner , the App 's sharing button functions as an override to the App 's settings to ensure you may control sharing of your activity from right within the App .
If you have any questions concerning these privacy controls , please do not hesitate to Contact Us .
To utilize certain features of the Services , you may be required to enter your mobile phone number .
We will only use your mobile phone number to send you specific coupons that you have requested to be sent to your mobile device and to send you alerts , from time to time , related to special coupon offers .
Standard messaging rates may apply to SMS programs .
Check your service carrier plan for your standard text messaging fees .
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information
Keeping Personal Information about you current helps ensure that we offer you the best coupons available through our merchants and business partners .
You can do several things to help keep Personal Information about you current .
You can access , update and delete your Contact Information and the other information you provided us to use in your profile by logging into the Community and clicking on the `` Profile '' link .
If you want to close your account or have other questions or requests , or if you would like to access or request a correction to any other personal information we hold regarding you , please Contact Us .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
In response , we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Security of Personal Information
RetailMeNot follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information that you provide .
For example , we regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks , and we use a tier-one secured-access data center .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is one hundred percent secure , however .
For this reason , there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
If you have any questions about our security practices , please Contact Us .
Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America
RetailMeNot is headquartered in the United States of America .
Personal Information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates , business partners , merchants , or service providers elsewhere in the world .
By providing us with Personal Information , you consent to such access and transfers .
You also acknowledge and agree that Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , law enforcement officials , and national security authorities in the United States in accordance with United States laws .
We will protect the privacy and security of Personal Information according to our Privacy Policy , regardless of where it is processed or stored .
RetailMeNot complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
RetailMeNot has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In compliance with the US-EU Safe Harbor Principles , RetailMeNot commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
RetailMeNot has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
Privacy Practices of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information by RetailMeNot through your interaction with the Services .
Other websites that may be accessible through links from our Services may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection , use , and disclosure practices .
Our merchants and business partners may have their own privacy statements , too .
We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion .
Our Services may contain Communities and other areas where you may be able to publicly post information , communicate with others ( such as via discussion boards or blogs ) , review products and merchants , and submit media content .
Prior to posting in these areas , please read our Terms of Use carefully .
All the information you post will be accessible to anyone with Internet access , and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read , collected , and used by others in a manner we can not control .
For example , if you post your email address along with a comment explaining how to redeem a particular coupon , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
We are not able to control the use by third parties of Personal Information you post to public areas of the Services .
Please avoid publicly posting Personal Information .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time , we may update this Privacy Policy to clarify our practices or to reflect new or different privacy practices , such as when we add new features to our Services .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified in your account ) or by means of notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective .
Your continued access or use of the Services after any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as revised .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information about our privacy practices .
RetailMeNot does not intend that any portion of the Services will be accessed or used by children under the age of eighteen , and such use is prohibited .
The Services are designed and intended for adults .
By using the Services , you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Services .
We will promptly delete information associated with any account for which we obtain actual knowledge that the registered user associated with the account is not at least eighteen years old .
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of Personal Information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year .
In particular , the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of Personal Information that have been shared with third parties , the names and addresses of those third parties , and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties .
RetailMeNot , Inc .
Attention : Legal Department
301 Congress Avenue , Suite 700
Austin , Texas 78701

Below is the main Privacy Statement for Reuters .
There will be additional Privacy Statements that apply to other services connected with this site offered by Thomson Reuters Corporation .
Please read these at the time you register or subscribe for these services .
At Reuters we collect different types of information about our visitors and consumers for four main reasons :
To provide personalised services unique to individual visitors and consumers .
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer to you .
To sell advertising space on Reuters websites .
Only with the consent of each consumer , to market our services to individual consumers .
Please follow the links below for further information .
How Reuters May Use Your Information
Updating Your Personal Information
Who Reuters May Share Your Information With
How to Contact Reuters About Your Personal Information , and/or this Privacy Statement
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Reuters does our utmost to protect your privacy through the appropriate use of security technology .
We ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures in place to protect your information .
We ensure that when we use other services providers for any processes , these service providers also have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information .
Reuters respects your privacy .
You should only receive marketing emails from Reuters and/or from Reuters preferred third parties which you have agreed to .
It will be made clear to you where you have these choices .
For example , by providing check boxes for you to decide whether you wish to receive these offers in marketing .
Reuters may , however , email you occasionally with information or questions about your account .
Reuters will only collect and use your information where we have legitimate business reasons , and we are legally entitled to do so .
Reuters will be transparent about the information we will collect on you and how we will use your information .
Reuters will only use your information for the purpose ( s ) for which they were originally collected and we will ensure any old information is securely disposed of .
Reuters is accessible via the internet .
This means that any collected information can be accessed from anywhere in the world .
If Reuters or our service providers transfer your information outside of your country , or outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , all protection required under the law shall remain in place .
How Reuters May Use Your Information
Personal Information You Share With Us
Personal Identifiable Information '' is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , and/or credit card number .
Reuters collects Personal Information ( PII ) ONLY when you submit it to us , including when you register or subscribe for certain Thomson Reuters products and services , complete a survey , or participate in a forum .
The Personal Identifiable Information ( PII ) that Reuters collects is First Name , Last Name , Email Address , Screen Name , Street Address , Zip/Postal Code/Location , and Country .
The only mandatory field above is email address when creating a Reuters account .
We also ask optional profile questions that include , Investing Background , Risk Profile , Job Title , Job Function/Occupation , Industry , and no . of Staff/Company Size .
None of which are required .
The Reuters Loyalty Survey is another way we gather information about our users .
This survey is only presented to registered users who have logged in 4 times during the last 30 days .
The following questions will be presented to the user if they are selected , including what industry to do you work , what is your job title , and what size company do you work for .
This survey helps us better understand our audience .
The minimum information we need to register a consumer is an email address and a password .
We will ask further questions for different services , including sales promotions .
Unless stated , all registration questions are compulsory .
We may also ask some further , voluntary questions during registration for certain services so we can gain a clearer understanding of our visitors and consumers .
This also enables us to personalize services for our visitors and consumers .
Information we Automatically Collect
Reuters automatically collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) on all visitors and consumers interacting with our online services , including your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited .
If you access our Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( `` UDID '' ) .
This information is used to personalize your experience across all Reuters platforms .
It also allows us to display relevant content , services and advertising to the appropriate audience .
Updating Your Personal Information
For Reuters Registered Consumers
Reuters offers a My Profile page where you can update your personal information at any time , including resetting your password , email subscriptions , and managing your payment information .
When you are logged in , you can get to this page from most pages on the site - simply click on My Account at the top of the screen .
For All Reuters Consumers ( registered and non-registered )
Reuters offers a way to update your marketing profile information .
Simply click on the AdChoices Icon ( us the actual Icon here ) at the bottom of most pages .
A window will popup and allow you to update your marketing preferences or opt-out of targeted advertising .
If you opt-out you will continue to see advertising but it will not be tailored to your interests .
Who Reuters May Share Your Information With
Reuters will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given your permission .
With your permission , we will only share your information with carefully chosen third parties .
Reuters may offer via the site third party services , such as video recommendations , article recommendations , social login , social sharing , social commenting , live news feeds , and surveys .
Any information which is collected by Reuters when you access a third party service is processed under this Privacy Statement .
Information collected by third party operators themselves will be governed by their own privacy statement .
Reuters may use service providers to help us run this site or services available on the site , some of whom may be based outside your country or the European Economic Area .
Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected , and in compliance with Data Privacy laws .
Reuters may also independently audit these service providers to ensure they meet our standards .
Reuters use cookies and other similar anonymous tracking technologies for a number of reasons .
Reuters use anonymous cookies for statistical purposes to track how many unique consumers we have and how often they visit the Reuters sites .
Reuters collect data about which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of visitors and consumers from which countries .
Reuters use registration cookies to track if registered consumers are logged in .
This allows you to access services that require registration such as purchasing analyses or commenting on articles .
You must enable Reuters to place cookies on your computer to register and use services requiring registration .
Reuters use cookies with privacy compliant third parties to collect anonymous user information .
These third party cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons are used for video recommendations , article recommendations , social sharing and other similar services and collect information such as your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited .
Both Reuters and third party advertisers use cookies to collect anonymous statistical advertising data .
This may include whether a visitor has seen an advertisement and if so , how long ago , how many have seen the advertisement once and how many have seen it more than once .
Further information is available below concerning Online Behavioural Advertising .
Placing cookies on your computer means Reuters may serve you advertisements possibly more interesting to you , and allows us to control the number of times you see advertisements and measure effectiveness of ad campaigns .
Further information is available below in the Online Behavioural Advertising section , including how you can opt out of online behavioural advertising .
You can turn cookies off , but if you do this , you may not be able to use some services on the Reuters site , and you might see more pop-ups and other intrusive advertising , as we wo n't be able to limit what you see using cookies .
You will however still be able to view editorial content .
For more information on managing your cookies , including how to turn them off , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above .
By permitting cookies to be used you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described above .
Online Behavioural Advertising ( OBA ) allows us to deliver targeted advertising to visitors to the Reuters sites .
OBA works by showing you advertisements which are based on the type of content you have been reading , and delivering advertisements which we believe may be of interest to you .
As you browse Reuters , one of the cookies placed on your computer will be an advertising cookie so we can better understand what sort of pages you are interested in .
The information collected about your computer enables us to group you with other computers who have shown similar interests .
We can then display advertising to you which is based on these interests .
For instance if you have been reading a lot of Food and Drink articles we may decide to show you more advertisements based on food and drink .
It 's important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we employ requires us to collect or use personally identifiable information like your name , email address , postal address or telephone number .
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA which enables us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your online reading away from the Reuters site .
For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothing shop you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing .
This allows companies to advertise to visitors who are interested in their content after they leave their website .
Reuters may also want to share behavioural data with other websites .
This may mean that when you are on other websites you are served advertising based on your behaviour on Reuters , and on Reuters you may be served advertising based on your behaviour on other sites .
If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using this website .
It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised or relevant to you .
If you would like to manage your advertising profile , interests and learn how to opt out of online behavioural advertising , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above .
Reuters contains contextual affiliate links from which we may earn revenue .
Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a 'sponsored feature ' or 'advertisement feature ' or 'sponsor 's content ' .
Please note that Reuters reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our visitors and consumers .
How to Contact Thomson Reuters about Your Personal Information , and/or This Privacy Statement
For the purposes of Data Privacy legislation , Thomson Reuters is the Data Controller for data collected through Reuters sites , and services provided .
Reuters Limited , a Thomson Reuters company , Thomson Reuters Building , 30 South Colonnade , Canary Wharf , London , E14 5EP .
Changes to the Privacy Statement
Should Reuters elect to change our Privacy Statement , we will post the changes here .
Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered visitors and consumers with the new details .
Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes .
Changes to this Policy
November 2011 : The Privacy Statement has been completely updated to include further information on marketing preferences , data collection , data sharing , use of cookies and user control over their own personal information on Reuters websites .

This on-line translation service is a free service for personal , non-commercial use only .
Use of the site is conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth below , as they may be amended from time to time .
By accessing and browsing the site , you accept those terms and conditions without limitation .
The Site is for your personal , non-commercial use only and you may not distribute , copy , license or sell any information or materials obtained from the Site .
You should not include the site in any other site through framing , scripting or any other method or republish the content obtained from the site in any manner .
While Softissimo uses reasonable efforts to provide accurate translations and related information , Softissimo assumes no liability or responsibility for errors , ommissions or ambiguities in the translations or other information provided by the Site .
In no event Softissimo is liable for any damages whatever arising out of your use of the Site or the content therefore , including direct , indirect , incidental , consequential or punitive damages .
Without limiting any of the foregoing , the content of the Site is provided `` AS IS '' AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT .
Some juridictions do not permit the exclusion of implied warranties and the foregoing exclusions may not apply to you .
Softissimo has not reviewed all of the Web sites that may be linked to the Site , and specifically disclaims responsibility for the content of any such linked sites .
Reverso is a trademark belonging to and registered by Softissimo SA..
Translation modules are provided by Softissimo , LEC or other providers .
The translation service is based on PITS translation software , which is owned by PROject MT - Copyright PROject MT , Ltd. , 1993-2001 .
All rights reserved .
/ English-French , English-German , English-Spanish , French-Spanish and French-German Dictionaries - Copyright Softissimo S.A. , 1997-2002 .
/ Spanish-French Dictionary - Copyright PROject MT , Ltd. , 2002 .
All rights reserved .
The layout and functions , including concepts , graphical element programming of the pages , additional dictionaries have been designed by Softissimo and belong exclusively to Softissimo .
Reverso is a trademark of Softissimo .
This Site can be provided to you by Softissimo or by one of its partners .
It might also include some additional content or advertising which is not controlled or owned by Softissimo .

Resource Team Ltd ( ''we '' , ''our '' or ''us '' ) is committed to protecting the privacy of our members .
The Privacy Policy is intended to inform You how we gather , define , and utilise Your information which may include Your :
address or postcode ;
( together , the ''Information '' ) .
It is also intended to assist You in making informed decisions when using our Website and our products and services .
Please take a minute to read and understand the policy .
All Your Information shall be held and used in accordance with the Data Protection Act1998 ( the ''Act '' ) where applicable .
If You want to know what Information we collect and hold about You , please write to us at : Goodwin House , 5 Union Court , Richmond , Surrey TW9 1AA .
Resource Team Ltd is the data controller of Your Information for the purposes of the Act .
What Information Do We Collect
When You visit our Website You may provide us with the following types of information :
Information , as listed above , that You provide to us on an individual basis during Registration or when posting user reviews or comments in the Forum section of the Website .
In addition , if You choose to correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of Your email messages together with Your email address and our responses ; and
usage information collected as You and others browse our Website ;
your preferences and areas of interest as advised by You on registration and ;
information provided by You to us in surveys that we use for research purposes ( although You do not have to respond to them ) .
We maintain the highest standards of security , however the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Any transmission is at Your own risk .
Once we have received Your Information , we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access .
We may collect information about your computer , including where available your IP address , operating system and browser type , for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers .
This is statistical data about browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual .
Similar to other commercial websites , our Website uses a standard technology called ''cookies '' and web server logs to collect information about how our Website is being used .
Cookies , in conjunction with our web server 's log files , allow us to calculate the collective number of people visiting our Website and work out which areas of the Website are most popular .
This helps us to constantly improve our Website and better serve you , our users .
By continuing to use and browse our website you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our policy .
Find out more about our Cookies Policy .
We use ''session '' cookies which enable You to carry information across pages of the Website and avoid having to re-enter information .
Session cookies enable us to compile statistics that help us to understand how the Website is being used and to improve its structure .
We also use ''persistent '' cookies which remain in the cookies file of Your browser for longer and help us to recognise You as a unique visitor to the Website , tailoring the content of certain areas of the Website to offer You content that matches Your preferred interests .
You can refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on Your browser which allows You to refuse the setting of cookies .
However , if You select this setting You may be unable to access certain parts of the Website .
Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will issue cookies when You login to the Website .
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us
We use Your Information in the following ways :
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for You and Your computer ;
to notify You about any changes to our service ;
to contact You in accordance with Your authorisation as expressed via opt-ins ' at the point of Registration .
Except as set out below and as expressly authorised by You via ''opt-ins '' we do not generally disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers , but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users ( for example we may inform them that 500 men in the London area have clicked on their advertisement on any given day ) .
We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target ( for example Women in SW1 ) .
Third-party companies may collect and use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We may disclose Your Information to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries , our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries , as defined in section 736 of the Companies Act 1985 .
We may pass Your Information to other third party organisations :
if we buy or sell any business or assets in which case we may disclose Your Information to the seller or buyer of such business or assets ;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share Your Information to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements or protect the rights , property , or safety of our customers , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction ; and
in accordance with Your authorisation as expressed via ''opt-ins '' at the point of Registration .
You have the right to ask us not to process Your Information for marketing purposes .
You can exercise Your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect Your Information .
You can also exercise the right at any-time by contacting us using the ''contact us '' function of the website or by writing to us at the address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy .
Please note that by posting any Information in any publicly accessible area of the Website such as the Forums , such Information may be viewed and collected by third parties over which we have no control .
We are not responsible for the use of Information by such third parties .
Please therefore exercise all due care and consideration before disclosing any Information that will be accessible on public areas .
We strongly recommend Registered Users keep postings anonymous and avoid disclosing Information that may be used to identify You .
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information
You may request access to all Your Information that we collect online and maintain in our database by contacting us using the ''contact us '' function on the site .
Any access request maybe subject to a fee of 10 to meet our costs in providing You with details of the information we hold about You .
By using our Website You consent to our collection and use of Your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If we change our privacy policies and procedures , we will post those changes on our Website to keep You aware of what Information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it .
Where we store Your information
The Information we collect from You is not transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area .
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
What about other websites linked to our website
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website , nor the information or content contained therein .
Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another website , this privacy policy is no longer in effect .
Your browsing and interaction on any other website , including websites which are linked to ours is subject to that website 's own rules and policies .

This privacy policy applies to the Ripoff Report web site .
Our contact information is :
Tempe AZ 85280 USA
We respect your privacy .
This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy .
Please take the time to review this document .
Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors and by providing this information , our staff can contact you regarding your report for verification or follow-up if necessary .
We collect information for the following purpose ( s ) :
Website and system administration
Preserving social history as governed by existing law or policy
Users filing a Ripoff Report or rebuttal may opt-in if they would be willing to be contacted by the media , a consumer advocate , lawyer , or government authority to help further their cause or to help with an investigation against the business or individual
Who has access to the information we collect ?
Ourselves - Unless you opt-in as mentioned above , information is only shared with the operators of this website .
Of the information we do collect , we do not provide our visitors with access to information we collect .
If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information , please contact us using the address at the top of this page .
Protecting your private information is our priority .
By using the Ripoff Report website , you consent to the data practices described in this statement .
Collection of your Personal Information
Ripoff Report may collect personally identifiable information , including but not limited to , your name , address , phone number , and e-mail address .
If you purchase Ripoff Report 's products and services , we may in connection with those products and services , create a publicly visible profile that includes your name/company name and photographs .
In addition we will collect billing and credit card information .
This information is used to complete the purchase transaction .
Ripoff Report may also collect anonymous demographic information , which is not unique to you , such as your age and gender .
We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future .
Information about your computer/device hardware and software may be automatically collected by Ripoff Report .
This information can include : your IP address , browser type , domain names , access times and referring website addresses .
This information is used for the operation of the service , to maintain quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Ripoff Report website .
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Ripoff Report 's public message boards , this information may be collected and used by others .
Ripoff Report encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Ripoff Report so that you can understand how those websites collect , use and share your information .
Ripoff Report is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Ripoff Report website .
Use of your Personal Information
Ripoff Report collects and uses your personal information to provide , maintain , protect and improve upon its products , services , and the operation of its website .
This includes , but is not limited to , keeping records of your communication with Ripoff Report and using your e-mail address to inform you about upcoming changes or improvements to our services or that of our affiliates .
Ripoff Report may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Ripoff Report and its affiliates .
Ripoff Report may also contact you via e-mail or other through other modes of communication with surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered .
Ripoff Report may , from time to time , contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you .
In those cases , your unique personally identifiable information ( e-mail , name , address , telephone number ) is transferred to the third party .
Ripoff Report may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis , send you email or postal mail , provide customer support , or arrange for deliveries .
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Ripoff Report , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information .
Ripoff Report may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Ripoff Report , in order to determine what Ripoff Report services are the most popular .
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Ripoff Report to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area .
Ripoff Report will disclose your personal information , without notice , only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ripoff Report or the site ; ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Ripoff Report ; and , ( c ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ripoff Report , or the public .
The Ripoff Report website may use `` cookies '' and other technologies to help you personalize your online experience .
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you , and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time .
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page .
For example , if you personalize Ripoff Report pages , or register with Ripoff Report site or services , a cookie helps Ripoff Report to recall your specific information on subsequent visits .
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information , such as billing addresses , shipping addresses , and so on .
When you return to the same Ripoff Report website , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the Ripoff Report features that you customized .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer .
If you choose to decline cookies , you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Ripoff Report services or websites you visit .
Security of your Personal Information
Ripoff Report secures your personal information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure .
When personal information ( such as a credit card number ) is transmitted to other websites , it is protected through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
Ripoff Report does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen .
If you are under the age of thirteen , you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website .
Disconnecting your Ripoff Report Account from Third Party Websites
As Ripoff Report evolves , and our products , services , and collaboration with other companies grow , you may be able to connect your Ripoff Report account to third party accounts .
BY CONNECTING YOUR RIPOFF REPORT ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS ( IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES ) .
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU , INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION , TO BE SHARED INTHIS MANNER , DO NOT USE THE THIS FEATURE .
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Ripoff Report but excludes services that have a separate privacy policy without an incorporation of this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals including products or sites that may be displayed to you in on Ripoff Report or other sites linked from our services .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information or other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies or other technologies to serve and offer relevant advertising .
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information .
Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Ripoff Report by contacting us here :
Changes to this Statement
Ripoff Report may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback .
Ripoff Report will maintain the most current version of this Statement on its website , however , because notifications of Statement changes will not be sent out , it is highly encouraged that you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Ripoff Report is protecting your information .
Ripoff Report welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy .
If you believe that Ripoff Report has not adhered to this Statement , please contact Ripoff Report at :
Customer Service Privacy Policy
Tempe , AZ 85280 USA
Email ALL of the Following :
Effective as of May 13 , 2013 .

TRUSTe Children privacy certification
ROBLOX Corporation ( ROBLOX ) is an online virtual world and building game .
Your privacy is important to us ; this is why we created this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of what information is collected , how we use it and who we share it with .
Our offices are located at
60 East Third Avenue , suite 201
San Mateo , California , 94401 .
ROBLOX works like this :
a user creates a username and a virtual character that is his or her identity in the ROBLOX world
users interact with other users through in-game chat , personal messaging ( site contained ) , and user forums ; privacy settings allow users or parents to restrict communications with other users
each user is given one or more pieces of virtual real estate on which they can build houses , cars , machines , or anything else you can build with building blocks ; these places are called games
users search for , find , and play games made by other users ; they play these games with other users from around the world , and are identified only by their virtual character name
users earn tickets and/or ROBUX , our virtual currency ; users earn these in a variety of ways , and use them to buy items for their characters , including virtual hats , shirts , and pants ; users can also sell these items , earning tickets and/or ROBUX
users can purchase premium services , including : Builder 's Club , a monthly subscription that grants the user more virtual places and a daily allowance , among other things ; user may also purchase ROBUX with which they may buy virtual goods on the site
users may sign up to receive our monthly newsletter ; they may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication .
ROBLOX users may play as guests ; in this mode , users remain anonymous and interact with the website and game in Menu Chat Mode no free chat , no personal messaging to or from users , no posting to the forums , and other restrictions designed to prevent users from sharing personal information , intentional or otherwise .
As guests , users are unable to save play statistics , accumulate points , share models , or participate in our virtual economy .
Users wishing to save statistics , share models , and participate in the economy are required to enter a username and password .
We advise users to create a username that does not reflect their own name nor reveal personally identifiable information .
We also advise users to pick a password that is not easy to guess , and to not share that password .
For security reasons , we store passwords in encrypted form .
User Names are used for participating in site features and are not used to identify individual users outside of their activities on our site .
Usernames are not passed along to 3rd parties except in the case where a purchase is made to be credited to the account .
In this case our purchasing vendor is given the account name in order to credit the account when the transaction is completed .
All users are asked for , but are not required to give , an email address on signup .
Under 13 users are required to give us a parent email , which is then verified , in order to receive the ROBLOX newsletter .
If there is no verified parent email address they are required to provide us with one which is then verified in order to proceed .
Registered users who are under 13 after first signing up are put into Privacy Mode .
Privacy Mode limits who may interact with a user outside of games and limits the user to a whitelist-filtered language system in all public areas of the site .
ROBLOX requires a verified email address for the parents in order to change this setting .
In addition , ROBLOX uses the verified parent email address to notify parents of other change requests such as receiving newsletters and participation in certain activities on the site .
All text on the site is filtered proactively to remove references to addresses , emails , phone numbers , age , and other personally identifiable information regardless of security and privacy settings .
All text is also filtered for profanity , phishing , and adult or suggestive content .
Our system is a combination of human and automated processes ; like all filtering technology , our processes are not 100 % effective .
Users wishing to purchase Builders Club or ROBUX are required to enter billing information , including name , billing address , credit card or PayPal number , and billing email .
For children under 13 , we request the parent 's billing information .
Billing information is retained to support customer service inquiries , but we do not retain the full credit card number .
If you ( or your child ) choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site ; ROBLOX does not store this information .
If your child opts-in to receiving our monthly newsletter we will send you a notice at the email address provided during the sign up process in order to allow you to opt them out of receiving it if you wish to do so .
You may opt your child out at any time by clicking the opt-out link in the newsletter verification email .
We use your child 's username to send them service related messages and allow other users of the site to communicate with them .
We do not collect any Personal Information from children other than the parent 's email address , and a username and password .
We do not ask you for , access , or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Application or Services .
ROBLOX uses a software technology called cookies .
Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors ' computer browsers to store their preferences .
These cookies do not store personally identifiable information .
For account security purposes , we may store a cookie that contains the encrypted user password ; the original password can not be recovered by hackers .
Users who disable cookies in their browsers will not be able to logon to the ROBLOX website or play the ROBLOX game .
We also use cookies and clear gifs ( on-page tracking code ) to track user entry onto and movement within the ROBLOX website .
This helps us credit advertisers appropriately , and measure the health and effectiveness of our website .
For example , we use tracking to determine if new page designs are user friendly or too complicated .
Our tracking approach is industry standard , and includes non-personally identifiable information such as IP address , browser type , and date/time .
Additionally , when visitors come to our site , we automatically collect some non-personally identifiable computer information , such as the type of computer operating system ( e.g. , Windows 95 or Mac OS ) , the web browser ( e.g. , Netscape , Internet Explorer ) being used , IP address , and information regarding the Internet service provider .
This information is used to provide technical and community support .
Geolocation information about accounts is not collected or stored by ROBLOX when using a mobile application on our site .
We also collect performance data from within ROBLOX Studio or the ROBLOX Player .
We use this data retrospectively to improve the user experience of our games .
This information includes in-game networking activity , CPU load , and resource usage , among other relevant data .
Some of our business partners ( e.g . advertisers ) use cookies on our site .
Under 13 user accounts receive ads through a separate and different feed so that they are never given these cookies and no information is passed to these 3rd parties .
For accounts over 13 we have no access to or control over these cookies .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone .
This software may record information such as how often you use the application , the events that occur within the application , aggregated usage , performance data , and from where the application was downloaded .
We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application .
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties .
We pass user billing information on to our transaction processing partners .
This is done for non-anonymous payment types , including credit card , Pay by Phone , and PayPal payments .
For recurring monthly transactions , PayPal retains the credit card authorization on file , but we do not .
We share aggregate web activity data , such as page views and unique visitor counts , with our advertising partners .
No personally identifiable information is shared .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
To the extent permitted by applicable law , we also may disclose personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agencies or other public agencies ( including schools or children services ) request or if we feel that such disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime , facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our website , protect the security or integrity of our website , or enable us to take precautions against liability .
We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information in ways that are materially different from the ones described above without also providing parental notification of such practices and obtaining consent for any materially different uses .
Parents have the right to consent to the site 's use of their child 's personal information without having to consent to the disclosure of that information to third parties as we do not share children 's information with third parties .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you use a bulletin board , blog , or chat room on this Web site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
If a user under 13 uses our bulletin board , blog or chat room on this Web site these features are moderated so that users are unable to post personal information about themselves .
However , no use of moderation is 100 % effective and you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there could be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove such personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
When a child enters a parent 's email address during signup , the parent receives an email notification of the account creation and an invitation to review chat and privacy settings for the account .
The parent may also provide their consent to allow their child to receive targeted ads on our site at this time .
A parent receiving a verification email has two options .
First , the parent can choose not to respond ; in this case , the child remains with all default privacy settings and whitelisted chat options .
Second , the parent can choose to click the link in the email and review the settings ; in this case , the child may be opted-in to free ( but filtered ) text communications , including free-text chat and personal messaging ( site limited ) , forum posts , and site commentary .
A child can send an email request to their parent to change the settings at any time .
This hides the account from all other ROBLOX users and outside parties .
The account data is not deleted , but retained internally for three purposes .
Billing information and transaction histories are retained to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries .
Public domain content is retained for use by the community e.g . a virtual shirt sold by the child to another user is kept in the system because the recipient now owns a copy of that article .
Finally , user account history is retained to support subsequent customer service inquiries .
All retained data for a closed account is private and visible only to employees of ROBLOX .
We may store the date of birth of your child and graduate a player to have more Web site access once they turn 13 .
We will notify the parent once their child has reached 13 and may prompt the child to then provide us with their email address the next time they sign into their account .
If your child opts-in to receive our monthly newsletter we will send you a notice ( to the email address your child provides for you ) .
We will only collect your child 's email address for the sole purpose of sending them the newsletter .
Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider
If you are over 13 you can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
You have the right to review personal information collected from your child , and have that personal information deleted or refuse further collection and use of the personal information collected from your child by contacting us at the email address listed above .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
TRUSTe Children 's Online Privacy Seal Program
ROBLOX has been awarded TRUSTe 's Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , please contact the ROBLOX Privacy Manager at ( 888 ) 858-BLOX first .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to how we use Personal Information regarding children we will notify by email in order to obtain permission from parents for the new uses of the child 's Personal Information .
If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our privacy policy and/or practices , please contact us at the following e-mail address , telephone number , or address :
( 888 ) 858-BLOX
San Mateo , CA 94401
Private Play Mode users in this mode can not free-chat , send or receive personal messages to or from other users , post to forums , or edit any free-text field
Personal Messaging user-to-user and ROBLOX-to-user messaging inside the ROBLOX website
In-Game Chat user-to-user messaging inside the ROBLOX game client
Forums user and staff collaborative help and interest forums
Wiki user and staff collaborative help and tutorial pages
Text Filtering all user-generated text is pre-filtered for inappropriate content
Text Filtering Black List list of inappropriate keywords and word patterns
Image Moderation all images are pre-filtered by human moderators
Abuse Reports all users and content can be reported for abuse or inappropriateness
Effective Date December 13 , 2011
Last Updated August 20 , 2013

Last updated on October 1 , 2013
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification TRUSTe Children privacy certification
Rockstar Games , Inc. , a United States company , its parent and its subsidiaries ( collectively the `` Company '' ) , respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products , services , and websites accessed through any internet-capable hardware platform including gaming consoles , personal computers , mobile computers , or smart phones , or in-game applications or any software platform including third-party hosts ( collectively the `` Online Services '' ) .
We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect , store , disclose , transfer , protect , and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) .
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY .
BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES , YOU AGREE THAT ( i ) WE MAY TRANSFER , PROCESS , AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY ; ( ii ) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY ; ( iii ) YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY ; AND ( iv ) YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS , CODE OF CONDUCT , AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER .
In connection with specific websites , the Company has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability , and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
THE TRUSTe PROGRAM COVERS SPECIFIC WEBSITES ; IT DOES NOT COVER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE .
This Privacy Policy will explain :
Who this Privacy Policy applies to
What this Privacy Policy applies to
What personal and other information may be collected
What gameplay information we may collect
Special Notes Regarding Certain Information , Including Public Information , Resumes , Investor Relations , Email Correspondence , and Member Names/Gaming Console IDs
The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information
How we use cookies , track IP Addresses , or use other passive means to collect information
Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information and how it will be used
With whom , if anyone , your personal information will be shared
What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information
Links to other parties
Whether personal information is collected from Children under 13
How we protect your information
Your California Privacy Rights .
Where information is stored
What other Company terms apply
What other third-party terms apply
How to ask questions or file a complaint
WHO THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This Privacy Policy applies to all Online Services users and , except as noted , all Online Services are being offered in the United States by the Company .
For Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union , the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited , ICO Registration No .
Z1336431 , is the data controller responsible for your personal information .
Back to top of policy
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO
This Privacy Policy applies to the Company 's Online Services , including the TRUSTe certified Company websites , mobile applications , and other services that link to it or display it .
In addition , the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels , feature its products , or point to its websites , and we may from time to time add new sites and services .
To view a complete list of these TRUSTe certified Company sites , please click on the TRUSTe seal on this page .
The Company complies with the U.S. - E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services , and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline .
In addition , this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations ( such as those who promote the Company 's products and services or sell related items ) and the Company can not and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties .
In addition , please note that we may hire vendors ( agents or contractors ) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy .
These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes .
We use the third-party service provider Arvato Digital Services as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions .
Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions ; please review the Terms & Conditions of each product for more details .
As indicated at the point of purchase , such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service provider 's privacy policy and terms of service .
We also use third parties for various services related to the Online Services , including customer support , technical support , contest data collection , and email fulfillment .
When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter , we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf .
These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own marketing purposes .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our home page .
If necessary we will give you additional choices regarding such change in these notices .
Your continued use of the Online Services will signify your acceptance of these changes .
You may choose to voluntarily provide us with various personal information and non-personal information through your use of the Online Services .
We also may use `` cookies '' and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain non-personal information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services , such as the pages you visit and the features you use .
Our cookies are linked to personal information .
Back to top of policy
WHAT PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT
Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline .
The Company collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis .
When you submit personal information to the Company , it will usually take the form of :
Registration for Online Services , websites , jobs , products , contests , and special events ;
Subscribing to newsletters or alerts ;
Posting in or commenting on our message boards , forums , news blogs , chat rooms , or other Online Services ;
Purchasing a product or services through our online stores ;
Purchasing DLC , virtual items , or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services ;
Using `` tell a friend , '' `` email this page , '' or other E-Card features ;
Requesting technical support ;
Downloading demos , programs , or other software ;
Participating in polls , surveys , and questionnaires ; or
Otherwise through use of our software , including console products , mobile products , and personal computer products , and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation .
The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity .
The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name , e-mail address , phone number , photo , mailing address , or payment information .
In addition , we may collect demographic and non-personal information about you or your systems , such as your age , gender , date of birth , zip code , hardware configuration , console ID , software products played , survey data , purchases , IP address and the systems you have played on .
If such information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information , we may combine the information with your personal information .
Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment .
If you use , purchase , or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console 's network service , an internet based gaming service , or a social network website , or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account , then limited user account personal information may be transferred to the Company as part of the registration process and we may be able to collect information about your use of the Online Services .
For example , if you purchase virtual currency through a gaming console service , that gaming console service will provide us with information to effectuate the transaction , including the amount of virtual currency purchased and a means to identify your Online Service account .
When you use an application on a Social Networking Site ( `` SNS '' ) , you allow us to access certain information from your profile from that SNS .
The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS .
For example , our Facebook applications may access and store some or all of the following information , as allowed by you , the SNS and your preferences : your `` basic information '' you have shared with everyone on the SNS ; your profile picture or its URL ; your friends list , your user ID number , which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo ; or other information indicated as part of the `` Request for Permission '' prompt from the SNS .
Your agreement to share this information takes place when you `` accept '' ( or similar terms ) one of our applications on an SNS .
Once your information is received from an SNS , that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
The Company is not responsible for the terms , policies , disclosures or actions of any SNS .
When you use Facebook Connect , OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service , those ID services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form .
Depending on your account settings , multisite IDs may also provide other information to us .
Please check the terms of those services before using them to log into an Online Service .
When you play certain software products published by the Company , information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games ( collectively and individually your `` Internet Connection '' ) .
See `` What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect ? '' below for further details .
Back to top of policy
WHAT GAMEPLAY INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT
When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware , the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you .
The Company will not receive personal information such as your name and address , but may receive other information such as a console ID , gaming service ID , game achievements , game scores and performance , IP address , MAC address , or other device ID , other console/device use information , or other information and statistics regarding your usage of the games .
Information about gameplay may be collected while you are offline and transmitted to the Company when you next connect to the Internet whether or not you are currently logged into your Internet Connection from your console , handheld , mobile device , computer , or other gaming platform .
The Company may use such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy whether or not you register for or use the Online Services .
Back to top of policy
SPECIAL NOTES ABOUT CERTAIN INFORMATION
Member Names & IDs/Gaming Consoles/Social Network Services/Other Third-Party Services : Certain Online Services offered by the Company , including multiplayer gaming and specialized websites , use third-party services to ( i ) provide authentication for Online Services ; or ( ii ) associate a Company service account with a third-party account such as a Gaming Console ID , Gaming Network Service account , or Social Network Service account .
When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account , you will be asked to provide account information associated with that third-party account .
Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service , such as your friend 's list on that gaming network or social network service .
Public Information Including Message Boards , User Generated Content , Forums , News Blogs , Comments , User Profiles and Chat Rooms : Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board , chat room , comment field , or profile page , that information can be collected and used by other people .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information , and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there .
You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you .
If you post a video , image , photo , or other content through an Online Service for public view , you should be aware that these may be viewed , collected , copied , and/or used by other users without your consent .
If your screen name or an ID contains your real name , then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere .
Therefore , you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services .
We are not responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services .
E-mail Correspondence : We may provide e-mail addresses or forms to which visitors can send us questions or comments , or which visitors can use to request customer support .
In the process of receiving and responding to such requests , we may collect personal information about you , such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message .
By allowing you to send us these requests , we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you .
We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support .
In most cases , your message is deleted immediately after we 've resolved your inquiry ; however , in some instances , copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records , for quality control purposes , or to provide ongoing support services you have requested .
If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we 're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen , we delete the child 's e-mail address and message immediately after responding .
In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists , we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary .
You may not opt out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you do not wish to receive them , you have the option to deactivate your account .
Resumes : The Company allows for the online submission of resumes .
Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings , and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy .
Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents , subsidiaries , or affiliates .
Investor Relations : The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites .
Personal information collected on the investor relations ' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software , Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy .
Back to top of policy
WHAT HAPPENS IF I REFUSE TO PROVIDE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your refusal to submit personal information may limit your ability to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes or the use of certain Online Services .
However , as described above , regardless of registration we may nonetheless publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain certain information as a result of your use of the products , such as your player ID .
Back to top of policy
DO YOUR ONLINE SERVICES USE COOKIES , TRACK IP ADDRESSES , OR USE OTHER PASSIVE MEANS TO COLLECT INFORMATION
The Company uses cookies , web beacons , and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information that is not personal .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , it may be linked to the non-personal information stored by these technologies .
Cookies : A `` cookie '' is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user 's computer .
Our cookies do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information ; they are typically used to quickly identify a user 's computer , browser , or device and to `` remember '' things about prior visits ( such as the user 's use of various features on the service ) .
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer ; however , disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain Online Services .
Flash Cookies : We may also use flash cookies , also known as `` shared objects , '' on our sites that employ Flash technology .
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site 's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site .
Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate .
Like normal cookies , Flash cookies are represented as small software files , do not include people 's names , e-mail addresses , or other personal information , and are not tied to your personal information .
You can clear flash cookies already on your device by setting the Flash local storage setting to zero .
Web Beacons : A `` web beacon '' is an electronic image that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements .
Web beacons , like cookies , do not include personal information .
Internet Log Files : The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons .
An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet .
Depending on your network configuration , it may also identify your computer , or other device .
A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware .
These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances , such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company .
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies : Other information that may be passively collected by the Company includes log files that record information about your hardware , product use , service use , or website use , including website navigation and game telemetry activity .
We also use these log file entries for our internal marketing , service design , technical support , and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you .
Advertising Service Providers : Some of our Online Services are supported by advertising provided by the Company or various third-party advertising agents , such as ad networks , data exchanges , traffic management service providers and marketing analytics service providers ( Advertising Service Providers ) .
Such Online Services may place and use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services .
The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect , or we may share with them , includes your device 's type , IP address , MAC address or other device ID , browser type , language , operating system and generalized geographic location ; the types of pages , content and ads you , or others who are using your device , visited or viewed and the frequency of your visit/viewing ; and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service ( e.g. , time spent using a mobile application or your purchases ) .
This information may be collected or shared when you use an Online Service , click on a webpage or an advertisement , or launch one of our game or other mobile applications that you have installed , and may be used : ( 1 ) to ensure that an Advertising Service Provider is accurately and properly paid for an advertisement it placed on our behalf ( e.g. , an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games or other mobile applications ) ; ( 2 ) to help prevent you from seeing the same ads over and over again ; ( 3 ) to help select and display targeted ads or other content on your computer or other device ( such as on a website you are viewing or a mobile application you are using ) that may be of particular interest to you ; ( 4 ) to measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic in our Online Services and determine the popularity of certain content ; and ( 5 ) to monitor and analyze the usage of our Online Services , so that we can continually enhance and improve them .
Third-party Advertisers : The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies to collect information .
Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors , their privacy policies , and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs .
Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies .
We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies , and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties .
In addition to visiting the websites of each of the vendors listed above , you may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance .
Back to top of policy
WHO IS COLLECTING MY INFORMATION AND HOW WILL IT BE USED
When you submit information to the Company via our Online Services , or information is collected as described in this Privacy Policy , that information is received by the Company .
The Company uses this information to send you promotional materials , to provide you with access to our services , to fulfill product orders , to fulfill `` tell a friend '' requests , and to respond to questions or technical problems .
We also use your personal and other information for our internal marketing and demographic studies , so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs .
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection , use , storage , transmission and public display of statistical data ( such as your scores , rankings , and achievements ) generated through your participation .
Users of certain Online Services , such as the Rockstar Games Social Club , may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services .
Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name , game activity , and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see .
Therefore , the Company will automatically post certain information , such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics , within the game , on Social Networking Services , on Online Services , or on specialized game websites .
However , we will not post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you ( such as your real name or email address ) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use .
As with other gameplay information services , your gameplay , leaderboards , and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets .
We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly , including on our websites , in our games , or in multiplayer game lobbies .
For example , if you associate your Company website account with a game console account , your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements .
Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter .
Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account , such as your friends list .
Some SNS services also give you the option to post information about the Online Services to their websites to share with others .
If you choose to use these features , your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
Some of our Online Services offer SNS features and Widgets , such as the Facebook `` Like '' button , Google + button , or the Share This button .
These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them , such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site .
SNS features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly by our Online Services .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
From time to time , the Company may employ vendors to perform services on the Company 's behalf .
These vendors provide internal support to the Company by operating some of the services we provide you such as contest entry collection and email services .
Although these vendors , not the Company , may collect , use , or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services , the Company still requires that they adhere to the Company 's stated privacy policies and that they not share your personal information with third parties or use the information for their own marketing purposes .
Back to top of policy
WITH WHOM DOES THE COMPANY SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Company may also share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
The Company may share your personal information to fulfill a request you have made , such as signing up for an email list or requesting customer support .
In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party , we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion .
In addition , we may share aggregate information ( not personal information ) regarding Online Service usage statistics and user demographics with third parties , but this information will not include personal information .
We may share your personal information with third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringements , or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability , including as required by law enforcement or other government officials .
We also may share your personal information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights , property , operations , users , or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , investigate , or enforce our terms and conditions , combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on the Company .
In addition , your personal information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger , acquisition , reorganization , bankruptcy , or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company , the Company 's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign .
Back to top of policy
HOW YOU CAN CONTROL THE COLLECTION , USE , AND/OR DISPLAY OF DATA OR REVIEW AND CORRECT YOUR DATA
If you are a member of an Online Service , you may use that service 's account and privacy settings to personalize the collection , use and/or display of your data via that service .
If you do not want to receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers , you may decline consent at the time your personal information is collected or later opt-out by using the methods listed below .
In addition to the methods below , along with every communication sent to you , the Company gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications .
If for any reason you wish to unsubscribe to Rockstar Games mailing lists please log in to manage your account or use the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message .
Please note that , even if you opt out of participation in the Social Club , your gameplay information may still appear on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties such as console manufacturers ( including copies of those boards hosted on the Social Club ) and the Company will continue to collect and store information regarding your usage of its games for internal purposes .
Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence .
Data Retention : We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services contact us as described above under `` How You Can Control the Collection , Use , and/or Display of Data or Review Your Data . ''
If your account is inactive for a period time it may be deleted .
If information is changed or deleted , we may still retain some of your information in our files to resolve disputes , enforce our user agreement , administer our services , comply with technical and legal requirements , and/or other constraints related to the security , integrity , and operation of our Online Services .
In all cases for all Online Services , we will respond to your request for access to update , delete , or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days .
Back to top of policy
WHAT IS YOUR POLICY REGARDING LINKS TO OTHER SITES
You should be aware that while you are on our websites you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control .
The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement , authorization , or representation of our affiliation with that third party .
Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards , we recommend reading the privacy policy of the website you link to before you submit any of your personal information
Back to top of policy
DO YOU COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13
The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has submitted information to the Company , we delete this information immediately .
We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses , or phone numbers , without permission , when using the Internet .
Back to top of policy
WHAT SAFEGUARDS ARE USED TO PROTECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
To protect your personal information , the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security , integrity , and privacy of the information you have provided .
The Company has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
Personal information collected by the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public ( e.g. , locked rooms ) .
To prevent unauthorized electronic access to personal information , the Company maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store .
However , no system can be 100 % secure and human errors occur , so there is the possibility that there could be unauthorized access to your information .
By using our services , you assume this risk .
Back to top of policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Since 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
If this Privacy Policy states that any personal information may be shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , you may send inquiries regarding our disclosure policy to :
Attn : Internet Privacy Policy Administrator
New York , New York 10012
Back to top of policy
TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
All information collected or received by the Company in connection with the Online Services is collected in , processed in , or transferred to the United States of America and other countries .
While your information is in another jurisdiction , it may be accessed by the courts , law enforcement , and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions .
By using our services , you expressly consent to such collection , transfer , and processing .
Backup data , matchmaking data , and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries .
Back to top of policy
Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms , conditions and disclosures prescribed by the Company , console manufacturers and/or other partners , including : ( i ) the Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement that accompanied the purchase of the game ; ( ii ) terms of service , privacy policy , and code of conduct for our Online Services ; ( iii ) other terms and disclosures which are made available to you by the Company ; and ( iv ) the terms , conditions , and disclosures made available to you by third parties in connection with the use of their gaming consoles and/or Online Services .
All such terms , conditions and disclosures are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
Back to top of policy
OTHER TERMS FOR THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS
You may be able to sign up for or access the Online Services through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles , mobile devices , other websites and social networking services .
When you submit personal information to the Company via a third-party platform , your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service , privacy policies and/or code of conduct .
Please review each company 's governing policies before using their services .
Back to top of policy
HOW DO I ASK A QUESTION OR FILE A COMPLAINT
If you are a Rockstar Games Online Services user located in the European Union , please indicate that in your email , letter , or phone call .
Back to top of policy

December 17 , 2012
Protecting Your Privacy and Servicing Your Needs
Rodale and its subsidiaries , ( together `` Rodale '' ) the world 's leading healthy lifestyle company , publishes some of the best-known health and wellness lifestyle magazines , including Prevention , Men 's Health , Women 's Health , Runner 's World , Running Times , Bicycling , and Organic Gardening , and is one of the largest independent book publishers in the United States .
Rodale brings you the ideas , insights , and information that inspire and enable people to improve their lives and the world around them .
We 're a family-run business that values integrity , and we 're deeply committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information you share with us .
We believe you have the right to know everything regarding the information we collect about you , how this information benefits you , and how you can say `` no '' to the use of any of this information .
This privacy policy applies to all information gathering activities of Rodale , on and offline .
The policy describes how we handle information provided to us or collected on Internet sites where this privacy policy is posted .
It also explains how we handle information provided to us or collected on applications we make available on or through third-party sites or platforms , if it is disclosed to you in connection with your use , purchase or download of the application .
How We Use Your Information
Your California Privacy Rights
Transfers for Legal Purposes
Cookies and Web Beacons
We care about the safety of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personal identifying information .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves ( such as , their names , e-mail addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience and to share your interest in our sites with your young ones .
Rodale collects personal identifying information ( `` PII '' ) from you when you visit our website ( s ) , through e-mail , and through the use of our mobile applications .
We also collect PII during transactions , sponsored events and contests/sweepstakes .
PII includes your name , postal address , e-mail address , telephone and cell phone numbers , wireless service provider , and all other information that identifies you .
We may collect information about your interaction with Rodale sites , applications and services .
For example , we may use website analytics tools on our site to retrieve information from your browser , including the site you came from , the search engine ( s ) and the keywords you used to find our site , the pages you view within our site , your browser add-ons , and your browser 's width and height .
We may also use technologies , such as cookies and web beacons ( described below ) , to collect information about the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services .
Additionally , we may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit , such as your IP address , browser type and language , access times and referring website addresses .
When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Rodale , we may use web beacons ( described below ) , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Rodale , information collected through one Rodale site , application or service may be combined with information obtained through other Rodale sites , applications or services .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies .
How We Use Your Information
The information we collect allows us to customize the content and/or layout of our sites and applications for you and each other visitor .
Plus , it enables us to notify you about updates to our websites and applications , contact you with special offers of interest , and customize your experience .
In addition , Rodale may make certain PII and other information available to trusted third parties that work with us to provide products and services to our customers , that help us with marketing campaigns , or that intend to market products and services to you directly .
These companies are obligated to protect the information they receive .
Your California Privacy Rights
As described above , from time to time , we make your PII available to third parties .
This notice is designed to comply with California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , but the opt-out option is available to all of our users .
Updating Your Account and Contact Information
Upon request , we will update your personal account information ( e.g. , customer number ) , access your account status ( outstanding balance ) , and update your contact information ( i.e. , name , address , phone number ) .
If you prefer , you may write to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 .
What if I do n't want commercial/promotional e-mail from Rodale
If you do not want to receive commercial/promotional e-mail or online newsletters that you have subscribed to , please let us know by updating your email preferences at preferences.rodale.com , by utilizing the unsubscribe option available on commercial e-mail communications , by calling us at 866-387-0509 , or by writing to us at Privacy Request , Rodale Inc. , 400 South Tenth Street , Emmaus , PA 18098 .
Transfers of Information for Legal Purposes
Rodale may need to disclose certain information to comply with a legal requirement , such as a law , regulation , court order , subpoena , or search warrant , in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request .
If there is a change of control in Rodale 's business ( whether by merger , sale , or otherwise ) or a sale or transfer of its assets , your information could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction and your PII and other information potentially used by the Purchaser or other recipient of said information .
Mobile Devices/Third Party Fees
From time to time , Rodale may make mobile device application and mobile marketing campaigns available to you and may allow you to register for services that involve messages and/or e-mails being sent to your mobile device .
You are responsible for obtaining access to the mobile device services and that access may involve third-party fees , including mobile carrier , text messaging , or airtime charges .
You are solely responsible for those fees , including any and all fees associated with the use of the applications , delivery of the messages , e-mails or other materials to your mobile device .
Please consult your mobile service provider 's pricing plan prior to purchasing or downloading any application or registering for any such service to determine the charges for sending and receiving text messages from/to your mobile device .
You will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving text messages or emails to your mobile device at the time you register and with each message or email you receive .
Mobile marketing campaigns may involve your sending an e-mail from your mobile device to Rodale or a third-party campaign operator .
An e-mail or other response will then be sent to your mobile device .
Opting to participate in a campaign is 100 % your choice .
When you engage in these mobile marketing campaigns , Rodale and the third-party campaign operator may collect your cell phone number , the name of your wireless service provider , images that you send using your cell phone as part of the campaign , and other relevant information .
What are `` Cookies '' and `` Web Beacons '' and what do they do for me
In order to provide better service when you return to our site , Rodale may use Cookies and Web Beacons to store your preferences and information about such things as items added to your shopping cart , purchases you have made with us , what pages you visit , and past activity at a site .
Rodale may also employ Web Beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites .
`` Cookies '' are tiny pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are also used to ensure that you are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and to customize webpage content based on your browser type ( Netscape or Microsoft Explorer , for example ) .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
Web Beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs or clear gifs - are used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
We may include Web Beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
If you want to disable cookies , there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to turn off cookies .
Please remember , however , that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of our sites .
We may use third-party advertising , data analytics and online targeting companies to serve ads when you visit our sites or use our applications .
We may also provide certain PII and other information to these third-parties to allow them to more effectively target advertising to you .
These companies are obligated to protect your information , but you may opt-out of this sharing through the process described here .
When advertisements are displayed to you on our sites and applications , one or more persistent cookies may be placed on your computer or device by us or a third party .
Some of these third parties may use information ( including PII ) about your visits to this site and other websites and usage of applications in order to provide data and targeting recommendations based on which you may receive advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
To learn more about this practice and the third-party companies we may currently be using , click here .
To opt out of this practice , please click here .
Rodale sites may , on occasion , contain links to other sites with information gathering practices different from our own .
Visitors should consult privacy policies for all other sites , as Rodale has no control over information submitted to or collected by such third parties .
Rodale sites sometimes offer contests , sweepstakes , or promotions sponsored or co-sponsored by third parties .
These third parties may obtain PII that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest , sweepstakes , or promotion .
Rodale has no control over the third-party sponsor 's use of this information .
The Rodale site will notify you at the time of requesting PII if third-party sponsors will be provided with such information .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Rodale may need to change this privacy policy from time to time in order to address new issues , evolving technologies , changes on our sites , or business practices .
Rodale will post those changes so you will always know what information we gather and how we might use that information .
Please refer back to this policy regularly .
What about data security
To ensure the security of your data - including address information and credit card numbers - Rodale always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site .
We have appropriate security measures that protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of information that we have collected from you .
We appreciate the opportunity to serve you
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy statement or if you feel that this site has not followed its stated information policy , feel free to contact us .
You can reach customer service by telephone at 866-387-0509 .
Rodale complies with all the stringent standards of ethical conduct set forth by the Direct Marketing Association .

Effective Date : December 20 , 2013
To understand how we use third party analytic tracking technologies ( e.g. , cookies ) and how you can opt out , click here
To opt-out of direct mail promotions , click here
To opt-out of email promotions , click here
To understand how location tracking is used when you access RS Applications through a mobile device , click here
Your California Privacy Rights : Note to California Users , click here
To learn how to contact Rolling Stone regarding this Privacy Policy , click here
The website rollingstone.com is owned and operated by Rolling Stone LLC and its affiliates ( collectively , we , our or us ) .
This privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) explains our information collection practices at rollingstone.com , other websites owned by us and our other interactive properties , including but not limited to our mobile websites and applications ( each , an RS Application ) and through offline means .
It explains the types of information we collect regarding users of the RS Application and subscribers to our magazine and how we may use that information so you can make an informed decision about whether to view the content and/or use our services ( `` Services '' ) .
Thus this Privacy Policy applies to information we collect via ( 1 ) the RS Application ( however accessed and/or used , whether via personal computers , mobile devices or otherwise ) ; ( 2 ) email or electronic newsletters ; ( 3 ) offline means such as telephone and traditional mail ; and ( 4 ) any other means or applications in which you connect with us .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the RS Application 's Terms of Use .
Each time that you access or use the RS Application you signify that you have read , understand , and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use , and this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue using our Services .
Information That Is Collected
When you provide us with contact or other information in connection with a particular activity , product or service , including your email address or telephone number , you expressly consent to our communicating with you about our products or services using the information you provided to us .
You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you .
This means we may contact you , in person or by recorded message , by e-mail , telephone and/or mobile telephone number ( including use of automated dialing equipment ) , text ( SMS ) message , or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving .
( a ) Information You Provide To Us
We may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information , including information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally , such as your name , gender , e-mail address , date of birth , physical address ( or elements thereof such as zip code and state ) .
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the RS Application , including magazine subscription forms , account registration forms , contact us forms or when you otherwise interact with us .
Billing and Credit Card Information .
To enable payment for subscriptions , we collect and store billing and credit card information .
This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction .
Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit cards .
Social Networking Services .
You may be given the option to link your account on third party social networking service so that you can comment on the RS Application or take advantage of other features of the RS Application .
In that case , the authentication of your login credentials are conducted through that third party service provider .
If you choose to share information from the RS Application through any social networking service provider , you should review the privacy policy of that social networking provider .
You should make sure that you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to us by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share and provide access to all information that we receive through third party social networking services in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy .
( b ) Information Collected As You Access and Use the RS Application
In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to us , we and our third-party service providers and advertisers on the RS Application may use a variety of technologies ( including cookies , flash cookies , web beacons/GIFs , embedded scripts ) ( Tracking Technologies ) that automatically ( or passively ) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the RS Application ( Usage Information ) .
This Usage Information may include the browser that you are using , the URL that referred you to our RS Application and all of the areas within our RS Application that you visit , among other information .
We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes .
In addition , we collect your IP address or other unique identifier ( Device Identifier ) for your computer or other device used to access the RS Application ( any , a Device ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the RS Application , and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier .
If you accessed content through an email account , a third party provider may make a hash of your email address , which is a bit of text that uniquely identifies the email address but is designed to prevent reverse engineering so that the email address is not revealed ( Hash ) .
Information gathered from your use of the RS Application may be combined with information from third party sources to identify your location by state and region ( Region Location ) .
More specific information about your geographic location may be collected for certain RS Applications ( `` Geolocation '' ) , as more clearly spelled out in this policy .
A few of the Tracking Technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include , without limitation , the following :
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the RS Application .
We use cookies to collect information for record keeping purposes , to make it easier to navigate the RS Application .
Cookies are stored on users ' hard drives .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the RS Application and expire when the user closes his/her browser .
Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the RS Application easier for returning users by remembering a user 's login information .
Persistent cookies stay on a user 's hard drive from one session to the next .
Flash cookies , known as local shared objects , are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit .
Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookies may be used for many purposes , including , without limitation , remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages .
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies .
However , cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
If you choose to disable cookies on your Device , some features of the RS Application may not function properly .
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as 1x1 GIFs or clear GIFs ) may be included in our web pages and messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the RS Application , to monitor how users navigate the RS Application , to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the RS Application , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the RS Application , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
We use HTML5 in the Rolling Stone mobile website and certain mobile applications for the iphone or ipad ( and any other Apple iOS device ) .
HTML5 has browser web storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies .
Like Flash cookies , HTML5 cookies are not stored in a browser cookies file and , like Flash cookies , can be used to track users across websites .
To our knowledge there is currently no known way for a user of a mobile device to remove HTML5 tracking and storage .
Geolocation RS Applications .
For certain of the mobile RS Applications that have search functionality , we may , and may enable a third party such as an advertiser to , ask you if you wish us to collect your geolocation in order provide you with information about goods and services within your geographic location .
If you agree to have your geolocation collected , we and the third party , if applicable , will maintain information about your geolocation to facilitate your searching .
In addition , when you have geolocation software running on your mobile phone , computer or other Device , we may collect that information as controlled by your privacy settings on those Devices .
( c ) Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the RS Application , such as sending an invitation to a friend , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , etc . ) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise .
If that person becomes a subscriber to our magazine or newsletter , his/her information will be treated in the same manner as all other subscribers .
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our RS Application , your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend .
( d ) Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you provided or we collected automatically , such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic information and lifestyle information .
We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect , to target our communications so that we can inform you of products , services and offers that may be of interest , and for internal business analysis or other business purposes .
We may also acquire information from other sources about your visits over time and across other third party web sites , in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the RS Application .
How We Use and Share the Information Collected
( a ) Provide , Manage and Improve our Services
We use the information that we collect and obtain to provide our goods and services , to administer the RS Applications and Services and for other lawful business purposes .
We may provide access to information , including personal information , to certain vendors that are performing services on our behalf , including fulfilling magazine subscriptions , managing our email lists and sending email messages on our behalf , processing payments , providing customer support and performing other administrative services .
These service providers are provided access to this information only for the purpose of carrying out the services on our behalf .
We may also use the information that we collect and obtain about you to measure and improve our Services , to customize certain features of the RS Application , to deliver relevant content and to provide you with an enhanced experience based on the type of device you are using .
We also use the information collected to serve advertising on the RS Applications that we believe is most likely to be of interest to you .
( b ) Transactional Communications .
We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account , your subscriptions and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled .
These may include order confirmations , renewal notices , invoices or customer service notifications .
We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so ; for instance , if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , or the delivery of a product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered .
If you are a print subscriber to our magazine and do not wish to receive email bills , renewal notices and other communications regarding your magazine subscription by email , you can click here and select this option on the RS Application 's customer service page .
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving subscriber communications by email , we may continue to send you subscriber communications by direct mail .
( c ) Email Newsletters .
We may send you our email newsletter ( s ) .
If you wish to unsubscribe from our email newsletter ( s ) , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email newsletter or click here to manage your newsletter preferences .
( d ) Email Marketing Offers .
We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our products and services or on behalf of third party marketing partners who we think can offer services and products of interest to you .
We may also share your name and email address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed , with reputable companies that provide marketing offers through email .
If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you email offers , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails or you can click here to manage your email marketing preferences .
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails , we may continue to send you electronic service notifications that are related to your account ( s ) and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled .
( e ) Direct Mail Marketing Offers .
If you subscribed to our print magazine either by mail , online or other method , we may send you offers through direct mail that we feel might be of interest to you and/or share your name and mailing address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed , with reputable companies that provide marketing offers through direct mail .
If you do not want us to send you any offers from third parties through direct mail or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you direct mail offers about their products and services , please write to us at the street address set forth at the end of this document or click here .
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional direct mail offers , we may continue to send you service notifications by direct mail that are related to your account ( s ) and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled .
( f ) Reader Surveys .
We may collect Personal Information from you in connection with voluntary surveys about your readership of our publication , your household/personal characteristics and your purchase behavior .
The information you provide in response to optional survey questions will only be shared in the aggregate with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection .
You may always elect not to receive any surveys from us by following the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any survey .
( g ) Use of Tracking Technologies ( e.g. , Cookies ) by Third Party Service Providers ; Advertising
We may work with third parties to provide services on the RS Applications .
For example , we use analytics services supported by third party companies to perform analytics and track trends .
We work with other third parties to provide certain functionalities on the RS Applications and to improve the effectiveness of the RS Application and its content .
Those third party companies may use Tracking Technologies to collect and store information about you and your usage of the RS Applications and may combine this information with information they collect from other sources .
If you access the RS Applications through a mobile device or app , we may also share your information with mobile carriers , operating systems and platforms .
We may use Tracking Technologies to collect information about your usage of the RS Applications to deliver ads that are relevant to you .
We may use information about your visits over time and across the RS Application and other third party web sites , as well as information received from other sources , in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the RS Applications .
To provide ads on the RS Applications , we use a variety of third party advertising service providers , including networks , data exchanges , ad servers , analytics providers and others .
These third parties may use technology to send , directly to your Device , the advertisements and links that appear on the RS Application .
They automatically receive your Device Identifier when this happens .
Their tools may also limit the number of times you see the same ad on an RS Application and help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns .
The third party service providers , as well as the advertisers themselves , may collect and use information about your visits over time and across the RS Application and other third party web sites , as well as information received from other sources , in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the RS Application .
Third parties may also use information gathered from your usage of the RS Application to serve targeted advertisements to you on third party websites and applications .
We do not control Tracking Technologies used by third parties , and their use may be governed by the privacy policies of the third parties employing the Tracking Technologies .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties to see your options for opting out of their use of such devices .
If you would like more information regarding which third party companies we use to provide advertising and other services and who may be serving cookies or using other Tracking Technologies on the RS Applications , please click here .
Google is one of the companies that we use to serve advertising on some of the RS Applications .
They use the DART cookie to serve ads .
We also use the Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange Network on some of the RS Applications .
Some of the advertising service providers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads in this manner , you will continue to receive advertising messages after you opt-out , but they will not be customized to you based on your use of the RS Application and/or third party websites .
Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied .
( h ) Browser Do Not Track Signals
Some third party browsers provide do not track machine readable signals for websites which are automatically applied by default and therefore do not necessarily reflect our visitor 's choice as to whether they wish to receive advertisements tailored to their interests .
As a result we do not respond to these signals .
( i ) Co-branded Areas .
Certain areas of the RS Application may be provided to you in association with third parties , such as retailers , sponsors or advertisers ( Co-Branded Areas ) , and may request that you disclose Personal Information .
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party .
If you elect to register for or purchase products and/or services at Co-Branded Areas , you may be providing your information to both us and the third party .
Your personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party .
We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of such third party .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third parties to learn more about their privacy practices .
( j ) Sweepstakes , Contests and Promotions .
We may offer sweepstakes , contests , and other promotions ( any , a Promotion ) that may require registration .
By participating in a Promotion , you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion .
If you choose to enter a Promotion , Personal Information may be used and disclosed as set forth in this Privacy Policy , as well as in connection with the administration of such Promotion and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion 's official rules .
( k ) Administrative and Legal Reasons .
We may access , use , preserve , transfer and disclose your information ( including Personal Information ) , including disclosure to third parties : ( i ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , subpoenas , governmental requests or legal process if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law ; ( ii ) to protect and/or defend the RS Application 's Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the our Services , including investigation of potential violations thereof ; ( iii ) to protect the safety , rights , property or security of the RS Application or any third party ; and/or ( iv ) to detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues .
Further , we may use Device Identifiers and other information to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners , internet service providers , wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies , including disclosing such information to third parties , all in our discretion .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
( l ) Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets .
We may share your information , including your Personal Information and Usage Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliates for internal business purposes .
In addition , in the event that we , or any of our businesses , are sold or disposed of as a going concern , whether by merger , sale of assets or otherwise , or in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership , Personal Information may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction .
Information about our visitors and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing , investment , support or funding .
In such transactions , use of such information will be subject to the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy .
Information You Disclose Publicly
The RS Application may permit you to submit photographs , user profiles , writings , music , video , questions , comments or other content , which may include Personal Information ( collectively , User Content ) .
We or others may reproduce , publish , distribute or otherwise use User Content in any media or format ( currently existing or hereafter developed ) .
Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties .
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Content .
Please note that we do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly , share with others or otherwise upload onto the RS Application .
We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through the RS Application .
For the full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the RS Application , please review our Terms of Use .
Third Party Content and Links To Third Party Sites
The RS Application may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect RS Application usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the RS Application are served to your browser .
In addition , when you are on the RS Application you may be directed to other web sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or third party web sites .
For example , if you click on a banner advertisement , the click may take you off the RS Application onto a different web site .
These other web sites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
We encourage you to note when you leave our RS Application and to read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any Personal Information to those sites .
Consent to Transfer Information To The United States
The RS Application is operated in the United States and is intended for users located in the United States .
If you are located anywhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including Personal Information , will be transferred to , processed and stored in the United States .
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States .
By using the RS Application or providing us with any information , you consent to the transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States .
You are also consenting to the application of United States federal and New York state law in all matters concerning the RS Application and this Privacy Policy .
The RS Application is for general audiences and is not intended for use by children .
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , and we will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
If you believe a child under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) has disclosed Personal Information to us , please write to us at the street address provided in the Contact Us section set forth at the end of this Privacy Policy .
We have incorporated safeguards to help prevent the loss , misuse and alteration of information under our control .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure and we can not anticipate all potential misuse of data over the Internet .
Please note that we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us , and your use of the RS Application indicates that you are willing to assume this risk .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
Your California Privacy Rights : A Notice to California Users ( California Civil Code Section 1798.83
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Opting out of Direct Mail Marketing : If you do not want us to send you any offers from third parties through direct mail or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you direct mail offers about their products and services , please write to us at the street address set forth at the end of this document or click here .
If you write to us , please include your account number , name and mailing address in the body of your letter , and please include Direct Mail Opt-Out in the subject line .
Opting out of Email Marketing : If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your Personal Information with other companies so that they can send you emails about their products and services , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails or you can click here to manage your newsletter and email marketing preferences .
California customers may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Us section located at the end of this document .
Disputes ; No Rights of Third Parties
If you choose to access the RS Application , subscribe to our magazine or use any of our Services , any dispute over privacy is subject to our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the laws of the United States , and the State of New York .
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties .
How Do I Contact You about My Magazine Subscription
If you have a question or issue relating to your Rolling Stone magazine subscription , such as wanting to change your mailing address , cancel a subscription or report a missing issue , please click here to go to the RS Application 's customer service page .
Contact Us : Privacy Policy Coordinator
If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this policy , please contact our privacy policy coordinator at the address set forth below .
1290 Avenue of the Americas
New York , NY 10104

Effective October 10 , 2011
Previous version of our Privacy Policy :
February 12 , 2010
Thank you for visiting Flixster , including Rotten Tomatoes ( together with the other Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group companies , `` we '' `` us '' , or `` our '' ) .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on Web pages or for services where this policy is posted .
If you also have downloaded the Flixster Collections software , please read the Additional Privacy Disclosures for Flixster Collections Software to learn more about the additional information collection practices that are specific to that offering .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At some of our Web sites , applications and services ( `` Services '' ) , you can order products or purchase content , enter contests , play one of our games , read critic and user reviews , vote in polls , rate movies , TV shows and other content , or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in our online forums or communities .
In the course of using the Services , we ask you to create an account by providing us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you , as well as to administer your account .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card and billing information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
Information about others/inviting friends .
You also can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to share content or recommendations , and if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
Some of our Services also allow you to invite your friends to join our services and to connect with you through social media features .
Inviting friends is always optional .
To do so , you may provide their contact information or may enter your log-in credentials to import email addresses from your address book from other sites that support such functionality ( e.g. , Yahoo ! and Gmail ) .
You select the friends you want to invite to share in this experience .
Information from other sources/social networking sites .
You can also engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through ( 1 ) third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , ( 2 ) third-party social media plug-ins and applications , and ( 3 ) our social media plug-ins and applications that may be available through third-party sites or our Services .
You may also choose to link your account with us to third party social networking sites .
When you link your account or engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , social media plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have ongoing access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the 'likes ' you make ) .
We may also maintain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc . ) from your interaction with our content .
When you provide information from your social media profile , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly with the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you post information on blogs , public forums or similar functions at our Services , or when you interact with our Services through social networking sites ( depending on your privacy settings ) , social media plug-ins or similar applications , this information could be seen by anyone on the Internet .
Therefore , we can not prevent further use of this information .
You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social networking sites .
For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy help guides , privacy policies and terms of use .
Instant Personalization on Rotten Tomatoes .
At some of our Services , we enable a feature that allows you to instantly personalize your experience using Facebook 's Instant Personalization .
Instant Personalization lets you bring your friends and movie interests with you as you explore our Services where we have this feature enabled .
To use this feature , you must have a Facebook account , be signed in , and ensure Instant Personalization is turned on in your Facebook privacy settings .
Once enabled , Instant Personalization will provide the Service using this feature with the public information you make available from your Facebook account .
For example , you may see your first name , profile picture , and your friends ' reviews the next time you access Rotten Tomatoes .
You can turn off Instant Personalization at any time by going to the privacy settings of your Facebook account and disabling the feature or by logging out on the Rotten Tomatoes site .
To learn more about Facebook 's Instant Personalization , click here .
Information collection from mobile devices .
If you access our Services on your mobile telephone or other mobile device , we also collect your unique device identifier and may collect location information .
We also may collect your telephone number and other information you choose to provide , such as username or e-mail address ( e.g. , to receive updates about movies and other content ) .
Technical and usage information .
We also may obtain certain technical information when you use our Services , such as the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using ( e.g. , Windows 7 , Mac OS , iOS , and Android ) , and the name of your Internet service provider or mobile carrier .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , and to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our user agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , to confirm purchases you have made through our Services , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your invitations , gifts or offers .
From time to time , we also may use this information to offer our products , programs , or services to them .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
If you choose to submit content for publication , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
When you access our Services on a mobile device , we may use the information collected to enable you to do things like watch trailers and video clips ; get entertainment news and updates ; get information about movies or TV shows ( e.g. , find show times for theaters near you ) ; buy movie tickets ; play games ; follow blogs ; and read critic and user reviews .
We may also use this information to offer you products and services we believe may be of interest to you and otherwise tailor your experience .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Services and to enable us to personalize your experience with our Services .
We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Services , as well as for us and for other partners to offer you products , programs , or services .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
In addition , we may transfer information about you if we or one of our business units are acquired by , sold to , or merged with another company .
Our agents and contractors may have access to personally identifiable information to help carry out the services they are performing for us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy ( e.g. , other marketers , publishers , retailers , participatory databases and non-profit organizations ) that want to directly market products or services to you .
If we share personally identifiable information with such companies , we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses .
We may , on occasion , combine information we receive from you with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
We provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving information about products and services from us and selected third parties when you interact with us .
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTY SITES , AD SERVERS , AND SPONSORS
Some of our Services contain links to or integrations with other sites ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter ) whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' or services ' privacy policies before submitting any information , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
We sometimes may offer content or programs ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications or social network integrations ) that are sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
Our Services will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
At some of our Services , reputable third parties may present or serve the advertisements , provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , site analytics , as well as assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit , or set their own cookies .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
For more information about third party ad servers at our Services and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties , visit the Network Advertising Initiative and/or Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION
We , our third party service providers , and our partners may send `` cookies '' to your computer or use similar technologies to enhance your experience with our Services .
`` Cookies '' are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information ( including click through and click stream data ) .
Cookies manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through us and/or other networks or sites .
Cookies can either be permanent ( i.e. , they remain on your computer until you delete them ) or temporary ( i.e. , they last only until you close your browser ) .
Some of our Services may use locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) to provide certain content , such as video on demand , video clips , or animation .
Adobe 's Flash player ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences , and usage similar to browser cookies .
Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser , but you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's website .
We may also use `` Web beacons '' that monitor your use of our Services .
Web beacons ( or Web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data , such as the IP ( Internet Protocol ) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears , the URL ( Uniform Resource Locator ) of the page on which the Web beacon appears , the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed , the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server .
When we correspond with you via HTML capable e-mail , Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail .
On their own , cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information .
However , if you choose to furnish personally identifiable information , this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/Web beacons .
By accepting this Privacy Policy , you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein .
You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site .
Additionally , by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only , you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
However , certain areas of our Services can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect online .
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION
If you have downloaded one of our apps , you can access and change user settings , such as turning off location functionality , from the options/settings menu on your device .
Methods for uninstalling will vary depending on your device .
To uninstall one of our apps , please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
We operate internationally and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States , your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If you create a user account at our Services as a visitor from outside the United States , you consent to the collection and/or processing of your personally identifiable information in the United States , which includes the use of cookies as described above .
From time to time , we may update this privacy notice .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site or by sending you an email message .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you know our current privacy practices .
HOW TO CONTACT US

We know that your privacy is very important to you .
We make it our business for it to be as important to us .
We aim to be as clear as possible about how and why we use information that we collect about you and this privacy policy explains how we collect , use , share and protect your information .
If your questions are not fully answered by the information below , please contact us .
We 'll be happy to help .
Please see the section below headed Maintaining the information we hold for you for our contact details .
What information we collect
We may collect the following types of information about you :
Your name , your email address and other contact details that you provide to us from time to time .
Your company 's name , your position in the company , the company 's address and telephone number .
Your payment information such as credit or debit details .
Your use of our websites ( please see the section below headed Cookies ) .
Information that you provide when filling in forms , posting information on our website , or when you contact us directly .
Why we collect information about you
The reasons that we collect information about you are :
To provide you with services that you may request including but not limited to online services .
Each service has different requirements .
Therefore the information we need , and what it is needed for , can differ .
For full details please refer to the terms and conditions for each service .
To enhance or improve your experience on our website and/or with us generally .
When you indicate your preferences through our registration forms or through your use of our website , we will use this information to personalise the website and/or our services to better meet your needs .
To provide you with information about products and services that we , or third parties we have carefully selected , believe will be of interest to you ( please see the sections below headed Who sees your information and Important information about opting-in and opting-out ) .
To keep your information secure .
To minimise the risk of unauthorised access to your information , we use some of your information to authenticate you when using the website and our customer service helpdesk .
Who sees your information
The information we collect will be used within the Royal Mail group of companies .
Click here for a current list of those companies .
Opens in new window
Exactly who sees your information depends on the context in which you provided it and the purpose for which it is being used ( please see the section above headed Why we collect information about you ) .
Sometimes we 'll share your information with carefully selected third parties outside the Royal Mail group .
We may do this for the following reasons :
To provide you with a service .
Some of our services are provided in conjunction with our business partners , and we 'll need to disclose your information to them to provide you with the services .
We make it clear in the terms and conditions for each service whether information will be passed to third parties or not .
We may also share your information with certain third parties performing services for us where this will help us to provide services to you , or to improve the quality of the services that we provide to you .
To provide you with information about special promotions and offers .
If you have given your consent by choosing to opt in on the registration form , we may share some of your information with carefully selected third parties so that they can provide you with information about products and services that may be of interest to you .
To protect the Royal Mail group or others .
We may share your information with third parties ( including the police and other law inforcement agencies ) when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our or another person 's rights , property , or safety .
This includes exchanging information with third parties to protect against fraud and to reduce payment risks or disclosure of personal information to the police and other law enforcement authorities in connection with the prevention and detection of crime..
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets and if this happens we may disclose your information to the potential seller or buyer of such business or assets .
We will only deal with third parties that we trust to act in our customers ' best interests and who treat our customers ' information with the same stringent controls that we apply ourselves .
Where do we store and process your information
Generally we will store and process your information within the UK .
However , the information that we collect about you may be processed in , transferred to , and/or stored at , a destination outside of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) where privacy laws may not provide the same level of protection as within the EEA .
By registering to use our website , you agree to this processing , transfer and/or storage outside of the EEA .
Please be aware that we will take all steps that are reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy even when your information is processed in , transferred to , and/or stored at , a destination outside of the EEA .
How long do we keep your information
How long we keep your information depends on the context in which you provided it and the purposes for which we use it .
We will only retain information for as long as is necessary for such purposes .
We will keep your information that is necessary for us to provide you with a service you have requested or purchased for as long as it takes us to provide you with that service .
We will keep your contact details for marketing purposes for as long as we have your consent for : ( i ) us to send you marketing information about our products and services by you not opting-out of receiving this marketing information ; and/or ( ii ) third parties to provide you with information about products and services that may be of interest to by you opting-in to receiving this marketing information .
We will keep records of any transactions you enter into for up to six years .
This is so that we can respond to any complaints or disputes that arise in that period .
We will keep other information about you if it is necessary for us to do so to comply with the law or to protect our own or other persons ' interests .
Maintaining the information we hold for you
You can see the information you have provided to us through the website by accessing the Edit Your Profile page .
You can also use this profile page to change or delete this information including the consents you have given us ( please see the section below headed Important information about opting-in and opting-out ) and we encourage you to do so in order to ensure that the information we hold about you is up-to-date .
You can be deleted from the website 's databases by accessing the option for 'My profile ' once you have logged on to the website .
Here you can select the option for deregistration where you can cancel your registration with us .
This will not delete your information that : ( i ) was not collected through the website and which is held on other Royal Mail databases ; ( ii ) that which we need to continue to hold for the purposes specified above under the heading 'How long do we keep your information ' ; or ( iii ) is on third party databases .
You can request details of all the information Royal Mail holds about you , including on the website 's databases , by contacting the Information Rights Team at Royal Mail .
They will send you an application form which you should complete and return .
The charge for this service is 10 for each request .
To contact the team please write to :
( Data Protection Act )
Tel : 0114 241 4217
Important information about opting-in and opting-out
You can allow us to provide you with information about products and services that we , or third parties we have carefully selected , believe will be of interest to you .
We will only do this with your consent .
You give us your consent to receive marketing information from us about our products and services we believe will be of interest to you by choosing not to opt-out on your registration form .
You give us your consent to receiving marketing information from third parties about their products and services by choosing to opt-in on your registration form .
You can change your mind and remove or add your consent at any time through the Edit your profile page .
We will endeavour to comply with your request as soon as we are reasonably able to do so .
If your information has been passed to third parties with your consent you may need to contact them if you change your mind in relation to their continued use of your information .
Please also note that the opt-ins and opt-outs on this website ( unless specifically stated otherwise ) cover all means of communicating with you , including by email , post , phone , SMS text message and other electronic means .
When you choose to opt-in or opt-out through the website , this opt-in or opt-out will only apply to the information stored about you on this website 's databases .
If you have provided information to a business in the Royal Mail group through another channel , the use of that information will not be affected by the opt-ins or opt-outs you select on the website .
There are some consents on this website that are specific to individual services and these will be identified to you .
These are independent of the registration process and currently can not be changed through the 'Edit your profile page ' .
We are actively looking into incorporating these into the Edit your profile page ' mechanism .
How you can help keep your information secure online
There is a lot that you can do to help keep your information safe - not just on our website , but whenever you provide information online .
Here are some simple ways you can improve the security of your information .
Use a strong password
Read our advice on choosing a strong password .
This will help you choose a password that will be difficult for other people to guess but easy for you to remember .
Use a secure password hint
Do not make your password hint the same as your password ! Your password hint should not give away your password to someone you know well , for example 'my road ' or 'my dog 's name ' .
Keep your password private and secure
Your password is a key to your personal information and online identity .
Do n't tell anyone your password or write it down .
If you are concerned that somebody else knows your password , you can change it on our website by going to the Edit Your Profile page .
We recommend that you change your password from time to time .
Use a secure browser
Modern browsers are more secure than older versions , so always keep your browser up to date .
If you browse with Internet Explorer , set Windows to update itself automatically to keep your private data safe .
If you want to learn more about online security , visit our dedicated resource for online safety tips .
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to the hard drive of your computer when you use a website .
Our website uses both persistent and session cookies .
Persistent cookies are cookies that stay on your computer permanently until you 'manually ' delete them .
Session cookies delete themselves automatically when you leave a website and go to another one or shut down your browser .
The table below explains the cookies our website uses and what they do .
Cookie When is it placed ? What does it contain ? When and why is it read ?
Application cookie When you first visit our website .
It is a persistent cookie that is updated continuously during your first and subsequent visits .
All the applications used by you while you are on the website for example , the Royal Mail online shop ) .
It does not contain any information identifying you .
We read the information each time you enter an application on our website .
This allows us to personalise the applications for you by serving you with content you are likely to be interested in based on your previous use of our website .
Site cookie When you first visit our website .
It is a persistent cookie that is updated continuously during your first and subsequent visits .
Your current session ID and , if you are registered for our website , your user ID ( being an ID number linked to your details on our database ) .
We read the information each time you enter our website .
This allows us to calculate the number of unique users of , and visits to , our website .
Application session cookies When you register for or use certain applications , such as Postcode Finder .
These cookies are session cookies .
The information varies depending on the application , but the cookies will not contain any information identifying you .
We read the information to make the relevant applications work .
Website Analytic cookie When you first visit our website .
It is a persistent cookie that is updated continuously during your first and subsequent visits .
Information about your activities on our website and your user ID ( being an ID number linked to your details on our database ) .
We read the information each time you visit our website so that we can perform website analytics ( see above for more ) .
Where we have your consent , we use this information to provide you with information about our products and services we believe will be of interest to you .
DoubleClick 'Spotlight ' advertising cookie When you see one of our advertisements or text links on a third-party website .
Information about your activities on our website .
It does not contain any information identifying you .
We use pixels , or transparent GIF files placed on pages of our website to enable DoubleClick to recognise the 'Spotlight ' advertising cookie on your web browser .
This allows us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website .
Postcode/Address Finder Cookie When you register for or use our Postcode/Address Finder application for the first time .
It is a persistent cookie that is updated continuously during your first and subsequent visits .
Your current session ID and if you are registered for our website , your user ID ( being an ID number linked to your details on our database ) .
We read the information each time you enter the Postcode/Address Finder application on our website .
This allows you to access the Postcode/Address Finder application without having to log in each time you use the application .
It also allows us to monitor the number of address or postcode searches that are available to you .
Of these cookies , only the Website Analytic cookie can be deactivated through our website .
For the other cookies you can change the preferences on your browser so that your computer does n't accept cookies from our website or allow them to be updated .
Alternatively you can make your browser give you the option to accept or reject the cookies each time our website tries to create or update a cookie on your computer .
Neither of these options will remove cookies that have already been placed on your computer or prevent them from being read .
To delete existing cookies you will need to search your hard drive for the relevant cookie files and delete them .
But please note that a deleted cookie will often be replaced the next time you visit the website that put it there .
If your browser is set up to reject application session cookies , some applications on our website will not work .
Because the cookie may contain or refer to some of your personal information we recommend you do not register for our website from a publicly available computer .
Personalisation and Website Analytics
We use information collected through the Website Analytic cookie to personalise the website based on your previous activity and to provide you with information about our products and services that we believe will be of interest to you .
When you use the website , a Website Analytic cookie will be saved on your computer .
Some pages of our website have web beacons - or 'tags ' - coded into them , and when you visit those pages , register or enter into certain transactions , the Website Analytic cookie will record that you have done so .
Over time the cookie will build up a history of the pages you visit and the applications you use on our website .
We use a marketing company called Omniture to log the information collected by the Website Analytic cookie .
This information , together with similar information from other users , helps us learn things like what kinds of customers our website attracts , which of our products and applications most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see ( called website analytics ) .
This in turn helps us make our website more effective and useful and , where we have your consent ( please see the section above headed Important information about opting-in and opting-out ) , we will also use this information to provide you with information about our products and services we believe will be of interest to you .
Although Omniture logs the information for us , it is only allowed to process the information according to our instructions .
Nobody sees the information except us .
Links to other sites
This website includes links to other sites .
We make every effort to provide links to high quality , reputable sites but we 're not responsible for their privacy practices or , site content , or the services they offer .
If you call any of our customer service telephone numbers , or use any of our 'Phone me ' services , we may record your call .
These recordings are used for training and quality control to ensure that we continuously monitor and improve our customer service standards .
If you are not happy with the way in which your personal information is being handled by any Royal Mail group company you can complain to the Information Commissioner at the following address :
Information Commissioner 's Office
Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time and if we do this we will notify you on our website .
Please refer to the 'last updated ' date to see if and when the policy changed .
Last updated : 8 August 2011

RxList Privacy Policy Summary
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices .
This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :
What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information
How to contact us with questions or concerns
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information .
Information Collected About You
We may collect `` Personal Information '' about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :
When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ;
When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ;
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ;
When you use our `` Email a Friend '' service ;
When you participate in an online survey ; or
When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum .
We may collect `` Non-Personal Information '' information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD .
Information Collected About You
What Choices Do I Have
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information .
If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information , you should delete your information as described in this Policy .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD .
Read more about `` What Choices Do I Have ? `` , `` Cookies '' and `` TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices ''
How Information Collected About You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you to :
Administer your account ;
Provide you with access to particular tools and services ;
Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ;
Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ;
Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ;
Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ;
Conduct research and measurement activities ; or
Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or :
To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ;
To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or
In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others .
WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information
We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect .
Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ?
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the `` WebMD Web Sites '' ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or `` App '' ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to `` WebMD '' mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
`` Personal Information '' means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the `` Watch This Discussion '' link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the `` My Profile '' section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the `` from '' email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums
WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
`` Non-Personal Information '' means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
`` Cookies '' are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
`` Web Beacons '' are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
WebMD 's Sites ( including our mobile sites such as m.webmd.com ) and WebMd 's Apps ask for your consent ( via an opt-in ) before using information from pin-pointing technology like GPS or cell tower information .
You can withdraw your consent ( opt-out ) for the use of `` location '' by WebMD at any time by changing your location services in the `` Settings '' function on your mobile device .
We use location services on our web sites and Apps to provide you content based upon your location , local search results , and local offers .
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may `` Opt-out '' of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The `` opt-out Cookies '' are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the `` TRUSTe Window '' ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled `` Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites . ''
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :
administer your account ,
provide you with access to particular tools and services ,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services ,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings ,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened ,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and
conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an `` opt-in '' authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses `` Changes to This Privacy Policy . ''
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( `` Third Party Web Sites '' ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as `` Powered by '' or `` in association with '' followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Education Center on WebMD .
WebMD is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date : May 06 , 2013
2013 WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .

yanair Website Privacy Statement
Ryanair is committed to protecting your privacy , our website Privacy Statement sets out what information we collect , how we collect it , what we do with it and how we protect this information .
In order to process your booking , we collect personal details from you .
These details may include ( where applicable ) passenger names , addresses , passport or Government issued EU National ID card numbers , telephone numbers , e-mail and IP addresses , credit/debit card or other payment details .
In some instances we may also collect information regarding medical conditions ( only for passengers who have special medical requirements ) which may affect the chosen flight arrangements .
Your data may be used for the following purposes : contacting you in the event of a flight time change or cancellation , credit or other payment card verification/screening , immigration/customs control safety , security , health , administrative , crime prevention/detection , legal purposes , statistical and marketing analysis , systems testing , customer surveys and customer relations communications .
We may also disclose your information to contracted companies who act as `` data processors '' on our behalf , or with your agreement to ancillary service providers such as hotel , car hire and credit card providers .
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of passenger information .
Our security procedures require that we request proof of identity before we disclose sensitive information regarding your flight reservation .
From time to time we may contact you with information regarding flight promotions and ancillary products via email .
However , you will have the choice to opt in or out of receiving such communications by indicating so at booking stage .
You will also be given the opportunity on every e-communication that we send you to indicate that you no longer wish to receive our direct marketing material .
We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the websites .
This software does not enable us to capture any personal passenger information .
This site uses cookies to enable us to improve our service to you and to provide certain features that you may find useful .
Cookies are small text files that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser to enable us to recognise your browser and help us to track visitors to our site ; thus enabling us to understand better the products and services that will be most suitable to you .
A cookie contains your contact information and information to allow us to identify your computer when you travel around our site for the purpose of helping you accomplish your reservation .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but , if you wish , you can set your browser to prevent it from accepting cookies .
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
The cookies we use do not detect any information stored on your computers .
Links to Third Party Websites
This privacy statement only covers websites that we own and control .
It does not cover links to other websites and accordingly any information collected by those parties that own and control those websites or their use of cookies .
Please be aware that individual organizations operate their own policies regarding the use and sale of personal information and the use of cookies .
If you have a concern regarding the way your personal information will be used on other sites then you are advised to read the relevant privacy statement or in the absence of such a statement on the site , contact the company concerned .
Any data stored by third party websites are stored completely separately by third party .
We take great care to ensure the security of this site .
The data you provide to us is protected using SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
SSL is the industry standard method of encrypting personal information and credit card details so that they can be securely transferred over the Internet .
You have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you ( for which we may charge a maximum fee of 6.35 ) and also to correct any inaccuracies in your information .
Our registered address is :
Changes to Privacy Statement
Our Privacy Statement may change from time to time and any changes to the statement will be posted on this page .

Last Updated October 23 , 2013 .
Thank you for visiting our website , which is part of the Saks family of company sites , including Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH ( collectively , Saks ) .
We are committed to providing an exciting and safe online shopping experience and elevated level of personal service synonymous with Saks .
This commitment includes respecting and protecting the privacy of personal information that we obtain through our sites , via mobile , and from visits and purchases at our stores .
This privacy policy provides you with information about how we collect , use and share your personal information , and our privacy practices in general .
We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding our privacy practices .
Please feel free to contact us through one of the following methods :
By Mail : Saks Direct , Inc .
Jackson , MS 39289
What information does Saks collect ?
How does Saks use the information collected ?
What information does Saks share with others ?
How can I view , update or remove my information ?
What choices do I have about receiving communications from Saks ?
Is there a Saks credit card ?
What about security ?
How does Saks communicate changes to this Policy ?
What about other websites ?
Whom do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy ?
What are California Privacy Rights
Why is my billing address required for online purchases ?
What information does Saks collect ?
A : The Information You Provide to Saks
In a purchase , we collect information such as your name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address and payment or gift card information .
During website registration , product review , surveys , or other programs you participate in , we collect information such as your name , email address , password , telephone number , loyalty program membership information , gender , age or other demographic information , your interests , and preferences .
When you participate in sweepstakes , contests or other promotions , we collect information such as name , email address , telephone , zip code and gender , birth month and day , or other information you provide .
When you send a gift or virtual gift card to a person , we collect information such as that person 's name , telephone number email , and/or shipping address .
When you ask us a question or request a catalog , we collect your name , email address , or other contact information .
In a purchase at a co-branded designer boutique within a section of a Saks Fifth Avenue store ( these boutiques are leased by the third party designer ) , we and the boutique collect information such as your name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address and payment or gift card information .
From Saks ' interactions with you : We collect information about you and your transactions and other interactions with us , including the products or services you purchase , use and return .
From Third Party Sources : We may combine your information with information we collect or receive about you from other online and offline sources , which helps us to customize our services .
Personalized Site Visits : We , or our service providers , may use cookies , web beacons/pixel tags , log files , and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our website , use of our online services , and interactions with our emails and online advertisements , such as your browser type and operating system , viewed webpages , links that are clicked , IP address , sites visited before coming to our website , emails we send that you open , forward , or click through to our website .
Collecting this information , and linking it with your personal information , helps us to tailor our website and enhance your online shopping experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site , and to help identify site features , promotions , advertisements , and offers that may be of particular interest to you .
Personalized Third Party Advertisements : We also may use third party advertisements placed by ad networks to support our site .
Some of these advertisers and ad networks may use technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site , which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information including your IP address , your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site , and whether you have Flash installed .
Some of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous data , such as demographic data , received from third parties to assist in the delivery of advertisements to you .
These advertisers and ad networks use the information described above to provide you relevant advertisements based on your online behavior , search activities on our site and on other third party sites , demographic information and/or relevant to your general location , so that the advertising and offers you see on our site more closely reflect your interests and needs .
For example , if you search for or browse a particular designer or item on our site , you may see an advertisement from a third party with information about , or an offer similar to , that for which you were searching or browsing on our site , or an offer related to a third party whose site you have visited in the past .
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new cookies , to receive notice when you receive a new cookie , to disable existing cookies , and to omit images ( which will disable pixel tags ) .
Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt out of advertising cookies .
You can learn more about and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative 's opt-out page here .
Without cookies or pixel tags though , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our website features .
Mobile Information : We offer mobile applications ( `` apps '' ) which allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about store events , or receive other information from us .
All personal information collected via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy .
We , or our service providers , may also collect , use , or disclose personal information and non-personal information from and about you on our mobile websites and through your interactions with us on your mobile device .
This information may include a telephone number and mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device or wireless carrier , as applicable .
You do not have to provide your location information to use our mobile applications however , store-specific services require a zip code to function and we will save your zip code ( s ) for future reference .
When you download our mobile application , you may choose to allow it to obtain your precise location .
In this case , we will determine your zip code from the precise location data received from your mobile device .
We do not store precise location data ; we only store the zip code associated with the location .
Our mobile applications offer automatic ( push ) notifications .
We will provide push notifications only to those who opt-in to receive them .
If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings .
We may offer updated or enhanced versions of our mobile applications that include additional features created by us or using third party functionality .
Our applications or the third party may automatically collect information about your precise location from your device , but only if you allow it .
How does Saks use the information collected ?
To complete your purchase transactions and provide the services you request .
To send you catalogs and other offerings on- and offline .
To contact you about the status of your orders .
To identify your product and service preferences , so that you can be informed of new or additional products , services , and promotions offered by the Saks family of affiliated companies ( including Saks Fifth Avenue , Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH , and future additions to the Saks family ) , and other marketing partners that might be of interest to you .
To improve our sites , products/services , customer service , and customer shopping experience .
What information does Saks share with others ?
A : Saks Family : We may share collected information within the Saks family of affiliated companies ( including Saks Fifth Avenue , Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH , and future additions to the Saks family ) .
Co-Marketing Partners : Saks may team with another company to conduct joint sales programs ( such as in co-branded designer boutiques in our stores ) , sweepstakes , promotional campaigns , and other jointly sponsored events .
In those cases , each of the participating co-marketing partners may receive information about you .
Legal Disclosures : Saks may disclose the information we receive from and about you to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in accordance with applicable law .
We also reserve the right to share information with legal authorities and other companies for fraud protection and credit risk reduction , or to avoid injury to our rights or the rights of any other person .
Sale of Business : During the normal course of our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires all or a part of a business within the Saks family of affiliated companies , information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity .
In addition , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against a business within the Saks family of companies , such information may be considered an asset of the company and may be sold or transferred to third parties .
Should a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
Saks Credit Card Accounts : We may share your information with the financial institution that issues Saks credit card accounts ( please see the `` Is there a Saks credit card ? '' section for more information ) .
Service Providers : We use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf when the information is necessary for them to perform their duties .
These third-party service providers are prohibited from using personal information for any other purpose and are contractually required to comply with all applicable laws and requirements , which may include Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards if they are processing payments for Saks .
How can I view , update or remove my information ?
A : If you have registered for an account or made a purchase , you may view and update your account information by logging into the `` Your Account '' section of the website with your email address and password .
Once logged in , you can view or update your name , address , telephone number or email address .
You can also call , write or email a Customer Service representative to access or update any of this information .
What choices do I have about receiving communications from Saks ?
A : To receive promotional offers from the Saks family of affiliated companies , you can sign up on our website or contact a Customer Service representative .
If you register for an account or make a purchase , you will automatically receive promotional emails and direct mail from the Saks family of affiliated companies .
You may opt out from receiving promotional emails from the sender only by clicking the unsubscribe link in any of the promotional emails you receive .
In addition , if you have a saks.com account , you may change your email preferences regarding email from saks.com by logging into the `` Your Account '' section of the website or unsubscribe here .
You may change your email preferences regarding email from Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH by clicking here .
Our customers receive standard order status communications , such as order confirmation and shipping dates , via email .
Your choice to opt out of promotional emails will not affect email notifications regarding your order with us .
If you would like to be removed from our Saks Fifth Avenue catalog mailing list , please contact a Customer Service representative by mail , phone or email to stop receiving paper catalogs .
Saks also communicates via mobile text alerts to customers who opt-in to the SAKS Alerts program .
Users can opt-in here .
You will receive up to 3 messages per week .
No purchase necessary .
Automated messages will be delivered to the phone number you provide at opt-in .
For help , text HELP to short code 75283 .
To stop receiving alerts , text STOP to 75283 .
Message and data rates may apply .
Supported carriers : AT & T , Verizon Wireless , Sprint PCS , T-Mobile , Virgin Mobile , US Cellular
Is there a Saks credit card ?
A : The Saks Fifth Avenue MasterCard and the Saks Fifth Avenue private label credit cards are issued by Capital One N.A . and are serviced by its affiliates , Capital One .
Saks does not collect or process any online applications for these credit card products .
Those applications are made directly on the issuer-operated website and are subject to its privacy policy and practices .
MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International , Incorporated .
To obtain a privacy policy , opt-out information , or contact information for the Saks Fifth Avenue MasterCard and the Saks Fifth Avenue private label credit cards , you may contact Cardmember Benefits .
What about security ?
A : Protecting the security of your information is very important to us .
When you transmit sensitive personal information ( such as credit card information ) from your computer to our servers , your information is protected by both a `` firewall '' ( a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network ) and industry standard SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption .
For our mobile website , we protect your payment card information using encryption technology when you place an order .
Once we receive your transmission , we will take reasonable precautions to secure and protect the information on our systems .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be 100 % secure and , accordingly , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online .
However , we strive to protect your information and privacy .
How does Saks communicate changes to this Policy ?
A : Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be noted on the home page of this website with a link to the revised policy .
Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes .
If we change the policy in any material way , we will provide appropriate notice to you .
What about other websites ?
A : Our website may include links to third-party websites that are not affiliated with Saks .
These websites may send their own cookies to visitors , collect data or solicit your information .
The privacy policies of these other websites may be very different from our policy .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites and can not guarantee the security of any personal information you provide to or collected by such third party sites .
Whom do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy ?
A : If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or our privacy practices , please contact Customer Service by Email , or telephone .
What are California Privacy Rights ?
A : If you are a California resident and would like a copy of our notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates that received your information in the past year , please submit a written request to the following address specifying that you want a copy of Saks ' `` California Privacy Rights '' notice : Saks Direct , Inc. , P.O .
Box 10327 , Jackson , MS 39289 , attn : California Privacy .
Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request .
You may submit such a request once per year .
Why is my billing address required for online purchases ?
A : We ask for your billing address in order to prevent against fraudulent use of credit cards and reduce the costs to Saks and its customers .
We do not use billing addresses for marketing purposes .

Effective and Last Modified : July 18 , 2013
This policy ( Privacy Policy ) informs you of the policies of Salem Communications Corporation and its subsidiary entities ( collectively , Salem ) concerning the collection , use and disclosure of personal information from this and other Salem-related websites ( the Website ( s ) ) .
Because we may gather certain types of information about our users and understand your privacy is important to you , we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information .
Even though we may need to collect information about you to provide some of the products and services we offer , you may not want us to disclose that information to others .
Accordingly , what follows is a description of how we gather and use information about you ( collectively Your Information ) .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our Websites , what we do with that information , and how to safeguard personal information you provide to us .
Please note that by visiting this Website you consent to the collection of Your Information by Salem as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure of Personal Information to Outside Parties
Except as set forth in this policy , Salem does not sell , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
However , Salem may provide aggregate statistics about our customers , traffic patterns , and related Website information to third-party vendors .
Generally , these statistics will include no personally identifying information .
Salem may also release Your Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is reasonably necessary to ( i ) comply with the law , ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms of our Terms of Use applicable to this Website , ( iii ) enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules , or ( iv ) protect the rights , property or safety of Salem , our users , or others .
Also , we may give some or all of Your Information to third-party vendors who assist us in fulfilling some of the functions of this Website .
Finally , we may provide Your Information to third parties if you authorize us to do so .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
a ) Voluntary Information You Provide Us .
If you contact us by email , complete our registration forms , surveys , or entry forms , subscribe to our services or newsletters or participate in any of our contests or sweepstakes , we will ask you for Your Information .
The information we ask for in this context may include contact information ( such as your name and email address ) and/or demographic information ( such as your zip code or age ) .
Below you will find descriptions of how Salem may use these types of information .
b ) Registration Data .
Registration data is voluntary personal information provided directly by you in order to receive optional access to certain services or Website areas and which may include information such as your name , age , email address , zip code or telephone number .
In addition , registration data may include preference information such as usernames , passwords , desired newsletters , etc .
Here are some of the ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To alert you to news , events , contests , and other items if you so request ;
To allow you entrance into restricted areas of the Website , as appropriate ;
To send you information about Salem and our Websites ;
To compile statistics and conduct basic research ; and
To give to third parties , who may send you promotional material .
c ) Surveys .
Sometimes Salem posts optional surveys in which we ask for Your Information .
The choice is yours you do n't have to answer surveys , but if you do , please understand that Salem may use Your Information and that we may share Your Information with third parties .
If we 're asking for optional information , we may mark it as such so that you can skip that portion if you would like .
Here are some ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To send you information about Salem and our Websites ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To give to our content partners , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to our advertisers , who may send you information about their products and services ;
To share in aggregate form with our partners and advertisers ;
To compile statistics and conduct basic research ; and
To give to third parties , who may send you promotional material .
d ) Contests , Sweepstakes and Promotions .
From time to time Salem runs contests and sweepstakes in which we ask for Your Information , which may include but is not limited to your name , age , email address , and telephone number , so we can determine if you 're eligible for the contest and to notify you know if you win .
Sometimes we request additional information such as your gender , marital status and income level .
Here are some of the ways we might use Your Information in this context :
To determine if you 're eligible for the contest ;
To notify you if you 're a winner ;
To give to content partners , who may send you promotional email ;
To help us create and deliver the content that is most relevant to you ;
To give to advertisers , who may send you email about their products and services ;
To share in aggregate form with our partners and advertisers ; and
To compile statistics and conduct basic research .
e ) Special Offers .
From time to time , Salem and its affiliated entities are able to provide to you special offers of products and services .
When providing these offers , we need to gather Your Information , which may include but is not limited to your name , age , email address and telephone number .
Your acceptance of these offers is completely voluntary , but if you do not correctly provide Your Information as required , you may not receive the product or service offered .
Here is how we may use Your Information in this context :
To deliver services that you request or purchase such as newsletters , offers , message boards , forums and other items ;
To ensure proper delivery of the product or service ;
To view statistics and conduct basic research ;
To give to select parties on our Website , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to select radio stations , who may send you promotional material ;
To give to third parties , who may send you information about their products and services ; and
To compile statistics and conduct basic research .
f ) Online Commerce Services .
This Website may offer shopping and other online commerce services , which may be offered by Salem or by a firm that operates a store under contract with us .
If our Website offers such services , you will use a customer order form to request information , products , and services .
The order form will ask you to give us contact information ( e.g. , name or email address ) , financial information ( e.g. , account or credit card numbers ) , and demographic information ( e.g. , zip code or age ) .
We will use the financial information that you provide to bill you for products and services .
By giving our Website your credit card and related personal information , you are authorizing our store to give that information to the merchant and credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your order .
We will use contact information from the order form to fulfill your orders .
We may also use contact data to get in touch with you when necessary .
We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval .
g ) Information We Obtain From Other Sources .
Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( e.g. , mobile devices , third-party services and embedded video players ) , from co-branded partners and websites ( e.g. , on our Facebook pages ) and from commercially available sources ( e.g. , data on aggregators and public databases ) .
The following are examples of Your Information that we may collect from other sources :
Name , address and telephone number ;
Demographic data , such as age , gender and income level ;
Your interests and purchase behavior ;
Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos and other online postings ; and
Other navigation data , such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on .
h ) Combining Information .
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Salem Websites .
i ) Public Forums .
This Website makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users .
Any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
We can not safeguard the privacy of any such information you choose to disclose online in this manner and you must do so carefully and at your own risk .
j ) User-Generated Content .
Some Salem Websites enable users to submit their own content for contests , blogs , videos , message boards and other functions .
Publication of user generated content on the Salem Websites is subject to the terms and rules contained in our Terms of Use for our Websites .
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial and other information in a submission .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety .
k ) Banner Advertising .
We license ad-server software from another company to place banner advertising on our Websites .
All of the data provided and generated by such software will remain in our possession and no data will be transferred to the licensor of the software .
This feature of our Websites may , on occasion , set cookies on your computer .
Any information collected or stored by the ad-service or the cookies is treated in the same manner as other information as described in this statement .
Third-party companies serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information through Audience Management tags when you visit our Websites .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
24/7 Real Media and Google , Inc. are our ad serving providers .
Select the company checkbox to opt-out .
l ) Confirmed Opt-In .
Salem acquires no personal or registration data about our users except what you explicitly and voluntarily provide ( i.e. , via opt-in ) .
We reserve the right to use this information specifically for the purposes related to your registration in addition to any other purpose set forth in this Privacy Policy .
m ) Feedback Data .
Feedback data is voluntary information ( e.g. , success stories ) provided directly by you for the purposes of assessing the products or services provided through Salem Websites .
There are areas on Salem-owned Websites which allow you to submit feedback .
Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes the property of Salem , and we reserve the right to use this information for the purposes of marketing , quality control , or to contact you for further information .
n ) Usage ( Log ) Data .
Salem also gathers and analyzes usage or log data including your IP ( internet protocol ) address assigned by your ISP ( internet service provider ) , the type of operating system you are using on your computer , and the type of web browser you are using to view our Website .
Salem management uses usage or log data to help diagnose problems with and optimize performance of the server .
This information also allows us to evaluate user traffic patterns into , out from , and within our Website .
These uses , however , do not allow us to connect your IP address with your personal identity .
o ) What About Cookies ? Cookies are small pieces of information that your web browser stores on your computer 's hard drive which may contain personally identifying information .
From time to time our Website may place cookies on your computer 's hard drive that enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide you with certain features .
Use of cookies also provides information about your web usage , which helps us compile demographic and statistical information about visitors who are utilizing our Website .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser to prevent that .
Updating and Deleting Personal Data
a ) Correcting and Updating .
You may correct or update your registration data by either signing into your online account or by contacting us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
b ) Delete/Deactivate/Opt-Out of Email Subscriptions .
You may delete or deactivate your account by either signing into your online account or by contacting us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website and submitting a request to be removed from our database .
Salem will comply with all such requests within a reasonable period of time .
Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations ; for example , some of your information may remain in backup storage even if you ask us to delete it .
In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the possession of information that we hold relating to you .
Information Shared With Third Parties
a ) Information Sharing With Third Parties .
From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by Salem to provide additional features on our Websites .
These special relationships may include powered by partners , business partners , sponsors , and co-branded sites ( referred to here as co-branded pages ) .
You should look for a specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page .
Any personal information that you provide when signing up at one of those co-branded pages may be shared with our third party partner .
You should also check our partner 's website for information regarding its privacy policies .
Additionally , the nature of some features of our Website may require that we share personal information about you with persons or companies outside of the Salem corporate enterprise .
For example , this may occur with a feature that enables you , via our Website , to ask questions of persons or entities that are not part of the Salem enterprise .
By responding to those features of the Website , whether by email or direct entry of information on our Website , you are consenting to our transferring of that information to such persons or entities .
b ) Links to Other Sites .
When you visit Salem Websites , you may be linked to other outside sites .
This includes links to sites operated by advertisers , sponsors , and partners that may use Salem 's logo as part of an agreement with Salem .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit Your Information .
These other sites may be developed by people over whom Salem exercises no control and , as such , are not subject to the Salem Privacy Policy .
Salem is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other sites , nor for the use of any of Your Information that these sites may collect .
c ) Sale of Our Company .
Salem may include any information we collect through this Website in our customer information database .
This database is considered an asset owned by Salem .
As in any business venture , the sale of Salem is always a possibility , either as an entire corporate entity or through an asset sale that may include our customer information database .
Should another entity ever purchase or acquire Salem or its assets , all information contained in our customer information database will be considered a transferred asset and become the property of the purchasing or acquiring entity .
a ) Children 's Privacy .
Consistent with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , this Website does not collect , use or disclose personal information ( including online contact information ) of children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
In the event that a child under the age of 13 attempts to register on our Website ( s ) , we will not knowingly accept that registration and will delete information received from the child .
In the event that a child posts personal information in a public forum such as a chat room , we will attempt to delete that information once we become aware of it .
Parents can give written parental consent for their child to use Salem Websites , however , by completing the Salem Parental Consent Form .
To request this form , or if you have any questions or comments regarding children 's privacy at Salem , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
b ) Your California Privacy Rights .
Beginning on January 1 , 2005 , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Salem who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
a ) Information Security .
The security and confidentiality of Your Information is extremely important to us .
Accordingly , we believe we have appropriate security measures in place , consistent with standard industry practice , to protect against the unauthorized access , alteration , disclosure , misuse or destruction of data .
Please be aware , however , that despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
As such , while we want you to feel confident using the Salem Websites , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
b ) Enforcement .
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy and will respond accordingly to any formal written complaints , including , if necessary , working with the appropriate regulatory authority to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly .
a ) Leased Content .
No third-party licensor shall have any liability for the accuracy or completeness of information or services provided thereby via this Website or any component thereof or for delays , inaccuracies , omissions , or other defects therein , nor for any claims or losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby , including , without limitation , any lost profits , indirect , special , or consequential damages .
Any such third party licensors have exclusive proprietary rights from the information received via the service .
Customer , end-user , or visitor , as applicable , shall not use or permit anyone to use the information provided through the service for any unlawful or unauthorized purpose .
Customer , end-user , or visitor , as applicable , is not authorized or permitted to furnish such information to any person or firm for reuse or retransmission without prior written approval of the source of such information .
Provision of the information on the service is subject to termination in the event that any agreement between a third party licensor and a provider of information distributed through the service is terminated in accordance with its terms .
Third party licensor and its subsidiaries , affiliates , information providers and content partners shall have no liability for investment decisions based on the information provided hereby .
b ) General Information .
This Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website shall be governed by , construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia , as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state , without regard to conflict of law principles .
You agree that any cause of action you or Salem brings to enforce this Policy and/or the Terms of Use , or in connection with any matters related to this Salem Website and/or the Privacy Policy , shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in Richmond , Virginia .
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Virginia for any cause of action arising out of this Policy .
If any provision of this Privacy Policy , or the application thereof to any person or circumstances , is held invalid or for any reason unenforceable including , but not limited to , the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations , then such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid , enforceable provision that matches , as closely as possible , the original provision , and the other provisions of this Policy shall remain in full force and effect .
The failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this Privacy Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right .
Unless expressly provided otherwise , this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website are the entire agreement between you and Salem with respect to the use of this Salem Website and shall not be modified except in writing , signed by an authorized representative of Salem .
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy , you may contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
You must send any official correspondence via postal mail to : 4880 Santa Rosa Road , Camarillo , CA 93012 .
c ) European Union and Other Foreign Nations .
This Salem Website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and is intended for enjoyment of residents of the United States .
Salem makes no representation that this Website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations .
By using this Website and submitting Your Information , visitors from outside of the United States acknowledge that this Website is subject to U.S. law , consent to the transfer of personal data to the U.S. and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws .
d ) In Summary .
We understand your privacy is important to you .
Accordingly , we do not sell , trade , or rent Your Information to others subject to the provisions listed above .
Please note , however , that Salem may use Your Information and may disclose it to select third-party vendors as described in the above provisions .
If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us , please contact us by clicking the Contact Us link on our Website .
Remember to list each of the email accounts you have given us .
e ) Your Consent and Changes to this Policy .
By using our Website , you consent to the collection and use of Your Information by Salem as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Additionally , your visit and any dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use applicable to this Website .
Salem may at any time amend , modify , restate , or revise this Privacy Policy by updating this posting and you should therefore periodically visit this page to view the then current Privacy Policy that is in effect .
If we make any material changes , we will revise the Effective and Last Modified date at the top of the Privacy Policy .
Your continued use of this Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates .
f ) Audience Management Tags Third-party companies serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information through Audience Management tags when you visit this web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
24/7 Real Media is our ad serving provider .
Select the company checkbox to opt-out .

Salesforce.com 's full Privacy Statement contains more information about the Company 's Web site privacy practices .
Salesforce.com is a certified licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Seal .
The Company is also a certified licensee of the TRUSTe EU Safe Harbor Seal and abides by the EU Safe Harbor Framework .
When you request additional information or register on salesforce.com 's Web site , the Company will ask you to provide basic contact information .
When you purchase salesforce.com 's applications or services ( the Services ) , the Company will ask you to provide billing information .
Salesforce.com uses common Internet technologies , such as cookies and Web beacons , to keep track of interactions with the Company 's Web sites and emails .
When you register for or attend corporate events , the Company will ask you to provide basic contact information , billing information , and information on your participation in the events on salesforce.com 's Web sites .
Salesforce.com uses common Internet technologies , such as cookies and Web beacons , to keep track of interactions with the Company 's Web sites and emails .
For more information about salesforce.com 's information collection practices , please click here .
Salesforce.com uses information collected to provide you with the services you request .
Salesforce.com may use information collected to provide you with additional information about the Company 's Services , partners , promotions , and events .
Salesforce.com may use information collected to improve the Company 's Web sites and Services .
Salesforce.com does not share , sell , rent , or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes .
Salesforce.com may share information collected with other companies that work on Salesforce.com 's behalf .
For more information about salesforce.com 's use of information collected , please click here .
Customers of salesforce.com may electronically submit data or information to the Company 's services ( Customer Data ) .
Salesforce.com will not review , share , distribute , or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the salesforce.com Master Subscription Agreement , or as may be required by law .
In accordance with the salesforce.com Master Subscription Agreement , salesforce.com may access Customer Data only for the purposes of providing the services , preventing or addressing service or technical problems , at a Customer 's request in connection with customer support matters , or as may be required by law .
Every marketing email from salesforce.com contains instructions on how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails from the Company .
If you provide salesforce.com with contact information , you may choose how the Company uses your information by clicking here .
For more information about managing communications you receive from salesforce.com and instructions for updating information provided when registering for the Company 's services , please click here .
How to contact us
For more information about salesforce.com 's information practices , please view the Company 's full Privacy Statement .
Questions regarding salesforce.com 's Privacy Statement or information practices should be directed here or by mail :
San Francisco , CA 94105
If salesforce.com does not adequately respond , please click here to contact TRUSTe .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with salesforce.com .

Last Revised July 1 , 2013 .
We respect your privacy , and we want you to know how we use the information you provide to us .
( Salon , us or we ) , collectively our Services , unless a different policy is provided on a particular website or application .
In this Privacy Policy , we describe the information we collect , how Salon uses and discloses the information , and your choices regarding our information collection practices .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
By visiting our Site and Application and using our Services , you agree that your information , including your personal information , will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy , which is incorporated by reference into this Terms of Service .
We collect information from and about you , including personal information and information about your use of the Site , the Application , and our Services .
Specifically , we collect information : ( 1 ) directly from you , such as when you register to use our Site , request our newsletter , or participate in contests , sweepstakes , or other offers ; ( 2 ) from third parties , such as when you log in through a social networking site or our Refer a Friend program ; and ( 3 ) automatically , as you move through our Site and our Application , such as Site usage , browser types , IP addresses or device IDs , and other data , as discussed below .
Information We Collect Directly From You .
We request information from you when you register for an account for our Site ( our legacy Salon Core members ) , request our newsletter , participate in our contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions , and contact us .
Depending upon the particular activity , we may request the following information from you : your name , email address , zip code , gender , age range , income range , username , password , and , for Salon Core members , credit card information .
Information We Collect About You From Third Parties .
Refer a Friend .
The Site offers an email a friend about this story feature , allowing Site visitors to send email to friends to inform them about an article that might be of interest .
For this feature to function , we ask for email addresses for the recipient ( so we know who to mail the message to ) and from the sender ( so we can tell the recipient who sent the email ) .
We do not store or save these addresses and neither you nor your friend will receive email or other communications from Salon or its partners as a result of having used this feature .
While this tool should not be used to send mass spam mailings , Salon has no control over how our visitors use it , and any email sent through it originates with , and is the responsibility of , the sender , not Salon .
Social Networking Sites .
You may log onto our Site through social networking applications , such as Facebook and Twitter .
From time to time , we may add the capability to log into our Site through different social networking sites .
If you log into our Services through a social networking site , we will request your name and certain basic information .
We also may request certain permissions from you , which vary based on the social networking site .
For information about how the particular social networking site may disclose your information , including any information you make public , please consult their privacy policy .
We have no control over how a third party social networking site uses or discloses the personal information that you provide to it .
We store the information that we receive from the social networking site along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you .
Information We Collect Automatically .
We use cookies , web beacons , Flash , and other automated devices to collect information about you when you visit our Site and our Application .
Specifically , we collect the following information about your use of our Site via these technologies : your browser type and operating system ; web pages you view ; links you click ; your IP address ; your interaction with the Site ; length of time you are logged in to our Site ; and websites visited before our Site .
With regard to the Application , we may collect your mobile device ID ; location and language information ; device name and model ; operating system type , name and version ; your activities within the Application ; and the length of time that you are logged into our Application .
We will request your information before we collect your location .
Please see the section Use of Cookies , Flash Cookies , HTML5 , Web Beacons , and Other Tracking Devices below for more information about our use of these tracking devices .
We may use the information gathered through these methods in anonymous or aggregated form to analyze ways to improve our Services .
This information may be associated with your username and may be combined with other information , including personal information that we collect about you .
If you are using our Application , we also may collect your location .
We will request your permission prior to doing so .
We may combine your location information with other information that we have collected about you .
Use of Cookies , Flash Cookies , HTML5 , Web Beacons , and Other Tracking Devices
When you interact with our Services , we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful .
We or our third party service providers use cookies , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs , and similar technologies to track user activity and collect data about our Site , Services , and our users .
As stated above , we may combine this data with the personal information we have collected from or about you .
We use browser cookies on our Site .
Cookies are a website 's way of remembering who you are .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer 's hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer 's memory .
There are two kinds of cookies , and we use both types of cookies on our Site : session cookies and persistent cookies .
Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer and retain information for later use tomorrow , next month or whenever they are set to expire .
We use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our Site .
Also , we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this Site .
Most Web browsers accept cookies automatically .
You can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule .
If you decline to accept cookies , you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this Site .
Other companies that place advertising on our Site also have the ability to assign their cookies to you .
You can opt out of the collection of certain information about you by many online advertisers .
Please see the section below entitled Advertising for additional information .
Use of Flash Cookies and HTML5 .
Our Services enable the use of the Adobe Flash Player .
Your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates flash cookies ( also known as persistent identification elements or local shared objects ) .
The Adobe Flash Player ( and similar applications ) uses flash cookies to remember user settings , preferences and usage in a manner similar to the browser cookies referenced above .
Flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your Web browser .
( Users running the Windows operating system can generally view flash cookie files in this folder : \Documents and Settings\ [ username ] \Application Data\Macromedia\Flash Player .
Users running the Apple operating system can generally view flash cookie files in this folder : /users/ [ username ] /Library/Preferences/macromedia/Flash Player .
Flash cookies , or LSO files are stored typically with an .SOL extension .
If you do not allow flash cookies on your computer , you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of our Services .
HTML is the software language used for building most of the sites on the internet .
Some HTML5 code may allow your responses to advertising and other activities to be monitored across websites , and for such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device and accessed by others you do or have done business with .
Salon accesses user activity information stored through this feature of HTML5 .
As with cookies , other companies that place advertising on our Site may have the ability to access information using this feature of HTML5 .
Salon does not control and is not responsible for any such access or for their use of information obtained .
Our Web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a Web beacon , which is sometimes also called a clear gif , that allows us to monitor and collect certain information about our users , such as the type of browser requesting the Web beacon , the IP address of the computer that the Web beacon is sent to and the time the Web beacon was viewed .
Web beacons can be very small or invisible to the user , but , in general , any electronic image viewed as part of a Web page or email , including HTML-based content , can act as a Web beacon .
We may use Web beacons to count visitors to our Web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our Site , and we may include Web beacons in email messages in order to count how many of the messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon .
We use Web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Site and our marketing campaigns .
Each time a visitor comes to the Site or uses our Application , our servers collect information , including , for example , the visitor 's domain name ( e.g. , the website that you came from ) , referral data ( e.g. , depending on your browser , the address of the last page or series of pages you visited prior to clicking through to our Site ) , and browser and platform type .
We also count , track and aggregate each visitor 's activity as part of our analysis of general traffic flows at our Site and on our Application ( e.g. , tracking where traffic comes from , how traffic flows within the Site and our Application , etc . ) .
We collect some of this data directly , and we also engage third party service providers ( e.g. , Google Analytics ) who use the technologies described in this section , to collect this information and to assist us with our analytics .
Salon makes efforts to protect your information .
However , no website , Internet transmission , computer system or wireless connection is completely secure .
Salon can not guarantee that unauthorized access or disclosure , hacking , data loss or other breaches will not occur .
Your use of the Site and our Services is at your own risk .
Salon urges you to take steps to keep your information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place ( separate from your account information ) , logging out of your account , and closing your Web browser .
In addition , you should not provide your password to others .
By registering for or using our Services , you are responsible for any use of the our Services accomplished through the use of your password .
We can not and do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Salon and you do so at your own risk .
Use of Your Information
We use your information , including your personal information , to provide our Services to you and for the following purposes :
To communicate with you , to respond to your inquiries , and for other customer services purposes ;
To provide information that you have requested to receive from us ;
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you , and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Services ;
To improve our Services ;
For research purposes ;
For marketing and advertising purposes ; for example , we may send you emails about new features of our Site and our Application as well as about our products and services , as well as products and services of third parties , that we believe would be of interest to you ;
To better understand how users access and use our Services , both on an aggregated and individualized basis .
We may provide information , including your personal information ( collectively , information ) , to non-affiliated and affiliated parties for a variety of purposes as described in this section and throughout this Privacy Policy .
Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Third Parties .
We may disclose your information to affiliates and non-affiliated companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you , so that they can contact you with offers .
If you are a California resident , you have a right to obtain information about this sharing ; please see the Special Notice to California Consumers below .
If you respond to an offer and provide information directly to another company , that information will be subject to their privacy policy , not this Privacy Policy .
If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information , you will need to contact the third party directly .
Salon is not responsible for the manner in which other businesses collect or use your personal information .
Joint Marketing Events/Partners .
We also may partner with third parties for joint marketing events .
If you participate in such as an event , including a promotion as discussed below , we may share your information with the third party .
Third parties providing services on our behalf .
We may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business .
Examples of these services include : ( a ) distribution of marketing and promotional material ; ( b ) website evaluation and analytics ; ( c ) fulfilling magazine , newsletter or other subscriptions ; ( d ) data collection , storage , management , analysis and , where applicable , cleansing , and ( e ) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential .
These third parties may have access to information about visitors to our Site and our Application , including personal information , for the purpose of performing their duties and functions .
Investigations and security .
We may release information about you when legally required to do so , at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation , in response to a subpoena or other legal process , or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site , Application , and applicable laws .
We may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of Salon , or any of our respective affiliates , business partners , customers or others .
We may disclose aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes , including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties , such as advertisers , and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy .
Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this Site or Application during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Site or Application .
If you choose to enter a contest , sweepstakes or promotion offered by Salon , your information may be disclosed to third parties for purposes of posting your entry with attribution or otherwise as permitted in the official rules for the contest , sweepstakes or promotion in question , fulfilling your prize or including your name on a winners list , or as otherwise necessary for purposes of the contest , sweepstakes or promotion .
We may also require you to consent to the use of your information , such as name , voice or likeness , in advertising , promotional and marketing materials , in which case the rules will so state .
In addition , we may offer promotional content , including sweepstakes and promotions , sponsored by or co-branded with a third party , who may obtain the personal information that you submit .
Please refer to the rules of the particular contest , sweepstakes or promotion for additional information .
Salon may from time to time conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the Site to obtain aggregate demographic information about them .
Such information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with advertisers and other third parties .
If we are acquired by or merged with another company , if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company , or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding , we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company .
Certain portions of our Services permit registered users to post content , including , for example , commenting on an article , posting a picture , etc .
Any information that you post to our Services may be viewable by other visitors to our Services .
We are not responsible for the privacy of your submissions , or for the accuracy of any information contained in those submissions .
Any information that you disclose becomes public information .
We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy , the law or your personal privacy .
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Site and other websites you have visited .
This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
Third party ad network providers , advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you .
These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis .
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks .
Opting out of one or more NAI members or DAI members ( many of which will be the same ) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you , but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Site or other websites .
You may continue to receive advertisements , for example , based on the particular website that you are viewing .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different computer or change web browsers , your NAI or DAI opt-out may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on NAI 's and DAI 's websites accessible by the above links .
Special Information for California Consumers
California residents may request a list of all third parties to which Salon has disclosed certain personal information about you for the third party 's marketing purposes .
You may make one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response to you .
You may request this information in writing by contacting us at :
Salon Media Group , Inc .
Attn : California Consumers
101 Spear Street , Suite 203
San Francisco , CA 94105
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us .
We do not collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our Services is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , you are not permitted to use our Services .
If you are aware of anyone under the age of 13 using our Site , please notify us .
Upon confirmation , we will terminate any account that user may have , and we will eliminate any personal information we may have obtained from that user .
Unsubscribe and Data Removal Policies
If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us , please follow the opt-out instructions in the text of the email .
Please note that it may take up to ten days to process your request .
Please also note that if you opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us , we may continue to contact you with via email with service related communications .
Other Sites and Services
Salon may contain links to , or advertisements about , non-Salon websites .
Other sites may also reference , advertise or link to the Site .
Salon does not endorse or sponsor other websites , is not responsible for their privacy practices or content , expressly disclaims any statements or assertions made on such websites , and denies all liability associated with your use of , and the content on , such other websites and advertisements .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through other websites .
We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our Services and to read the privacy policies of each website that you use .
Consent to Processing in the United States
Our Services are operated in the United States .
By providing any information to Salon , all users , including , without limitation , users in the member states of the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , fully understand and consent to this Privacy Policy .
By using our Site , participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage and processing of your information to and in the United States .
In addition , you waive any restrictions on such collection , transfer or storage of your information imposed by the laws of any country other than the United States .
Revisions to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right , in our sole discretion , to modify , update , add to , discontinue , remove or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy , in whole or in part , at any time .
When we amend this Privacy Policy , we will revise the last updated date located at the top of this Privacy Policy .
By providing information to us or using our Services in any way after this Privacy Policy has been revised , you consent and agree to the revised Privacy Policy .
The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy , including all revisions and amendments thereto , and any disputes arising from or relating to this Privacy Policy or your use of our Services , is governed by the laws of the State of California , without regard to any conflict or choice of law principles that would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction .
Questions about our Privacy Policy

This policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Sam 's Club retail stores and through our websites .
Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our operations in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center .
We collect your information from the following sources :
Information you give us , such as during transactions , Member services , surveys , and online registrations .
Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and
Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras .
Read more about Information We Collect
How We Use and/or Disclose Your Information
Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information .
Sam 's Club Membership uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions .
These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
We may combine all the information we collect .
We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances :
with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products ;
with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs , if you apply for Sam 's Membership , to help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information ;
with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest , you may opt-out of this sharing ;
in order to respond to Member inquiries from the account 's primary Member or from an officer or principal of a Business Member ;
for certain business Members who purchase business resale merchandise , such as tobacco products , we may share information with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates .
with your consent , and
when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , Members , or associates , or when otherwise required by law ;
we may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following communication standards :
We will not contact you via text message without your express consent ( opt in ) ,
We use an opt-out standard for all other marketing communications .
This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to .
( opt out ) .
Learn more about how to opt out in the `` Your Choices '' section below .
Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and
Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras .
Read more about Information We Collect
How to contact us
Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions .
Email Privacy Office - for privacy or Sam 's Club Privacy Policy feedback/questions .
We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust .
Read our entire privacy policy .
We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us .
Visit our corporate Privacy & Security Information Center for general tips and resources .
Privacy Policy - Full Policy
Sam 's Club recognizes the importance of our Members ' privacy .
We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance - it is one of trust .
We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual .
This policy describes :
How and why we collect your personal information .
How your information is used and protected .
When and with whom we share your information .
The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information .
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices .
This policy applies to Member information obtained by Sam 's Club in connection with its operations , both in Clubs and online , in the United States and Puerto Rico .
Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations in our retail stores .
This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center .
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience .
We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection .
Information You Give Us
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Sam 's Club , both in Clubs and online .
Some examples are when you :
Sign up for a Sam 's Club Membership ;
Make an online or in-Club purchase from us ;
Use a gift registry ;
Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as purchasing certain cold medications ) ;
Request Member service or contact us ;
Submit a Sam 's Club related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ;
Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or
Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication .
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you .
The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information .
When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients .
For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well .
Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud .
In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products .
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising .
Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns .
Some examples include :
We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your computer 's operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our web pages .
We use `` cookies '' to recognize you as you use or return to our sites .
This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you .
A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser on your hard drive .
We may also use web beacons .
Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective .
Our Clubs utilize cameras Clubs for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns .
Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally .
How We Use Your Information
Sam 's Club uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions .
These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions .
Some examples include :
To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ;
To register and service your account ;
To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ;
To provide Member service and alert you to product information , including recalls ;
To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ;
To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business .
To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information , including information from third parties .
We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes .
Sam 's Club may also receive and share information within the family of Walmart companies to better understand Member needs and improves services .
How We Disclose Your Information Outside Sam 's Club
Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances .
We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations .
Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites .
Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Sam 's Club maintain facilities .
We require our service providers to keep your information secure .
In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf .
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may disclose your information in other special circumstances .
These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , our Members , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law .
Examples include protecting the health or safety of Members , or addressing crimes committed on Sam 's Club property .
Data from in-Club security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request .
Sam 's Club may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
If you apply for a Sam 's Club Membership , we may share your information with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs .
To help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information .
Similarly , if you qualify for a credit account and are not offered a credit account by a Sam 's Club Associate we may share your information with our partner , so that they may extend the offer of credit as required by law .
However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of consumer credit from all companies , including prescreened offers of Sam 's Club credit , by calling 1.888.567.8688 .
From time to time , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest .
To opt out of this sharing click here and follow the instructions .
These opt-outs do not apply to the Sam 's Club co-branded credit card or to data sharing regarding business customers that purchase business resale merchandise .
We may share information regarding a Business Membership with the account 's primary Member or an Officer or Principal of the business in order to respond to their inquiry .
We may share information about Business Members resale merchandise purchases , such as tobacco products , with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates .
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control .
Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure
Sam 's Club collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy .
The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed .
For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law .
In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing .
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us .
Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements .
We use the following communication standards :
We use an opt-in standard for text messages .
Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent .
We use an opt-out standard for email or for other marketing communications like mail .
Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will not conduct the activity on your request .
You may opt-out of receiving different types of Sam 's Club marketing material in the following ways
Online : By logging on to your samsClub.com account and clicking `` edit '' on the Member profile section .
By Mail : Sam 's Club , 2101 SE Simple Savings Drive , Bentonville , AR 72716-0745 , Attention : Membership Department
By Phone : You may call Member Services by dialing 1.888.746.7726 .
In Club : You may request to opt out at the Membership desk of your local Sam 's Club .
If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , Membership number , and the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information .
For instance , if you would like to opt out of mail , include your mailing address .
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed .
It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests .
Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes .
Some examples are contacts for Member service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls .
We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds .
How to Access and Update Your Information
Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :
If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the `` Contact Us '' section at the bottom of this policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the `` Contact Us '' section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to `` Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information . ''
You can deactivate your Sam 's Club account if you wish .
Please contact our Member Service Department by calling 1 ( 888 ) 746-7726 for further instructions about deactivating your Samsclub.com account .
Joint or Co-branded Marketing Material :
We may also share your personal information with partners when we team up to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions that are of value to Members .
If you would like to opt-out of this type of sharing , click here and follow the instructions .
Please note your choice to opt-out under any of the above will apply only to the individual cardholder Membership .
If there are several cardholder Memberships under a single Account ( such as a spouse 's card or add-on card ) , each person with a Membership card must opt-out .
The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) .
Online Operations and Advertising
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising .
For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us .
Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features .
To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your computer , follow these links :
You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising .
Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior .
The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests .
We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests .
As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website .
Advertisements may relate to Sam 's Club or our advertising partners .
We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them .
We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes .
In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites .
You may see ads for Sam 's Club on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites .
We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites .
You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above .
Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well .
If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior .
Ads Displayed on SamsClub.com
Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Sam 's Club or our advertising partners that are more relevant to your interests .
Learn more about your options , including how to opt out of this type of advertising .
Please note : If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads on SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop .
Sam 's Club Ads Displayed on Other Sites
Some websites may belong to ad networks that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites ; the displayed ads may include advertising for Sam 's Club .
To learn more , and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on these sites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative home page .
Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for interest-based advertising .
Sam 's Club Advertising
Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests .
If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads while browsing SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop .
Your current settings allow you to see interest-based advertisements while browsing or shopping on SamsClub.com .
Once you have opted out , we will no longer use your browsing and shopping behavior to select which ads are displayed to you on SamsClub.com .
You will continue to see ads on our site .
To successfully opt out , you must have cookies enabled in your Web browser ( see your browser 's instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them ) .
Opting out only applies to your current Web browser on your current computer .
If you use multiple computers or multiple Web browsers , you must opt out using each one .
Once you opt out , if you delete your browser 's saved cookies , you will need to opt out again .
How to Access and Update Your Information
Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete .
You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :
If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account .
Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated .
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the `` Contact Us '' section at the bottom of this policy .
Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures .
Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect .
We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request .
If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party .
Please contact us via the `` Contact Us '' section below .
If you need assistance accessing records related to your Optical , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to `` Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information . ''
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority .
Whether you are shopping online or in our Clubs , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information .
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account .
Please keep this password confidential .
We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet .
When you enter a secure portion of a website , which is any page containing any of your account information , an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window .
If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear .
This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Sam 's Club web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server .
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections
Personal information that is maintained in our offices or Clubs is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well .
Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage .
When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable .
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information
Pharmacy and Optical Centers
When you use our Pharmacy and Optical Center services , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request .
We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies .
Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it .
This notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Optical Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Sam 's Club .
Financial Products and Services
When you obtain financial products and services from us , and our partner , GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , we may collect and use certain financial-related information .
We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies .
Find out more about GECRB 's Privacy Policy .
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions .
We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing Member information .
These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies .
Changes to the Sam 's Club Privacy Policy
Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes .
We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy policy .
Email Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions .
Contacting the Privacy Office
Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this policy or about how your information is handled .
You can also contact us via the addresses below :
Sam 's Club Corporate
Privacy Office , MS # 505
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville , AR 72716-0160
Your California Privacy Rights
Our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes .
The policy and rights apply to all Members , including California residents :
We share information with others outside of Sam 's Club , unless you ask us not to ( opt-out ) .
See How We Share Your Information Outside Sam 's Club .
We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Walmart .
See How We Use Your Information .
Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above .
Effective : September 25 , 2013

This Samsung Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) applies to online and mobile websites , interactive applications , services and products ( each , a Service , and collectively , the `` Services '' ) that link or refer to this Privacy Policy , and that are provided and operated in the United States by or for Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. , principally located at 129 Samsung-Ro , Maetan-3dong , Yeongtong-gu , Suwon-si , Gyeonggi-do , 443-742 Korea , or its subsidiaries in the United States , including Samsung Electronics America , Inc. , Samsung Telecommunications America , Inc. and Samsung Information Systems America , Inc. , and their respective affiliates ( together Samsung , we or us ) ( unless a different policy is provided on a particular Service , site or application , in which case such different policy shall govern and control ) .
This policy sets out how we use the information that you provide to us or that we otherwise collect through your use of the Services .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
Your use of any of the Services indicates that you have read , accepted and agreed to the Samsung privacy practices , as outlined in this Privacy Policy , and any other applicable terms .
We may update this Privacy Policy over time .
We will notify you of these changes by updating this page , so please check it from time to time in order to ensure that you are aware of any changes .
For changes to this Privacy Policy that we consider to be material , we will place a notice on the Website for a period of time .
Continued use of any of the Services will signify that you agree to any such changes and the updated Privacy Policy .
Please see the end of this Privacy Policy for the date this Privacy Policy was last updated .
What information do we collect about you
In general , you can use many of our Services without giving us any personal information .
However , for some Services or certain features within some Services , we will request information about you , such as your name , email address or telephone number .
You can choose whether or not to provide this information , but you will be able to access our full Service features only if you have submitted the information required for the registration process .
If you want to fully utilize the sharing feature of some of our Services , we may also ask you to create an account and/or a publicly visible profile .
One or more of the Services may contain an online or cloud-based store from which you can purchase certain products .
We will be required to collect certain information such as name , contact information , shipping and billing address ( es ) , and credit card information in order to process your order .
We may also keep records of your transactions with us .
Some of the information that you provide will be Personal Data .
This means data related to you and which identifies you personally .
In this Privacy Policy , we use the terms Personal Data , your information and information about you interchangeably .
Information we obtain from your use of the Services
Beyond the information you provide , we may collect information about the Services that you use and how you use them , such as when you view and interact with content offered through a Service .
For example , when your computer or mobile device contacts our web servers , such as when you visit the Website or view an HTML e-mail , our web servers automatically collect usage information .
Such usage information includes information about how our visitors use and navigate our Services .
Other information we collect may include :
- Device information ( e.g. , your hardware model , IMEI number , unique device identifiers , MAC address , IP address , operating system version , device settings ) ;
- Log information ( e.g. , details of how you use the Service or applicable hardware devices , such as time and duration of your use of the Service , browser cookies , web cookies , flash cookies and web beacons ( as explained in a separate section below ) ; and
- Location information ( further explained in a separate section below ) .
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to regularly check and monitor their children 's online activities and use of online services .
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) without parental consent .
If we learn that a child under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) has provided us with any Personal Data , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such Personal Data as soon as possible .
What do we do with your information
We may use information about you for any of the following purposes : - to register you for a Service or to administer our Service features ( including processing any searches or requests for information about our products or services , or providing customized advertisements and sponsored content ) , and to allow you to use those features ( e.g. , blogs , open forums and discussion pages ) ;
- to register you for a Service or to administer our Service features ( including processing any searches or requests for information about our products or services , or providing customized advertisements and sponsored content ) , and to allow you to use those features ( e.g. , blogs , open forums and discussion pages ) ;
- for assessment and analysis of our market , customers , products and services ( including asking you for your opinions on our products and services and carrying out customer surveys ) ;
- to enable us to monitor , review and improve the products and services we offer ;
- for internal record keeping purposes ;
- for marketing purposes ; and
- to conduct free prize drawings , prize competitions or promotions , as permitted by applicable law .
We may , from time to time , transfer or merge any Personal Data collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format .
We may also combine Personal Data we collect online with information we obtain from other sources , including information received from our affiliates , marketing companies or advertisers .
We may share Personal Data and non-Personal Data with any Samsung affiliate .
A list of Samsung affiliates is available upon request .
Each of the Samsung affiliates with whom we share your Personal Data will use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
We take reasonable steps to ensure that we retain information about you only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected , or as required under any contract or by applicable law .
What about anonymous information
We may automatically collect information which alone can not be used to identify you when you connect to or use the Services .
We collect such information to help us identify users ' browsing preferences .
This information is used for internal purposes so that we can carry out research on user demographics , behavior and interests .
Anonymous or generic information from which you can not be personally identified is not Personal Data .
What about location-based services
Our location-based services or functionalities ( `` Location-Based Services '' ) , such as Samsung 's Find My Mobile Service , work by collecting , storing , transmitting or processing location data tied to your Samsung device after you consent to the use of such Location-Based Services .
We may combine this data with your personal information so that we can provide you with Location-Based Services .
Any location information that is also Personal Data will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
To whom do we disclose your information
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties for their own independent marketing or business purposes without your consent ; however , we may disclose your Personal Data as follows :
- to a Samsung affiliate ;
- to service providers that help us provide the Services to you to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions ;
- to our professional advisers ;
- when legally required to do so , at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services and applicable laws .
We may also disclose such information when we have good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights , property or safety of Samsung , or any of our respective affiliates , business partners , customers or others as required or permitted by law ;
- to the purchaser or potential purchaser of our rights and obligations relating to our Services , in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be a transferred asset of any purchase , and we may transfer your personal information to such third party ; or
- where it is necessary in order to pursue our legitimate interests , or if we are required to or are permitted to do so by law .
Consent to International Transfer of Data
By using or participating in any Service and/or providing Samsung with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage and processing of your information outside of your jurisdiction of residence , consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may use information about you to provide you with information about third party products , promotions , and other matters that may be of interest to you ( Direct Marketing ) .
You may set your Direct Marketing preferences when you complete the Service registration process or by adjusting the privacy setting on the relevant device .
You can change your mind about your Direct Marketing preferences by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the Direct Marketing communication , adjusting the privacy setting on the relevant device or by updating your user or account profile .
If you do so , we would not remove your Personal Data from our database ( s ) to the extent that it is still required by us to offer the applicable Service , but we would note your changed Direct Marketing preferences as soon as reasonably possible .
Accessing your information/ Your California Privacy Rights
Under the laws of some jurisdictions , you may have the right to request details of your Personal Data which we collect .
If permitted by law , we may charge you a small fee for providing you with such information .
If you would like to make any such request , please contact our customer service department at the email address provided below .
California residents are entitled once a year , free of charge , to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure , if any , of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year ( e.g. , requests made in 2013 will receive information about 2012 sharing activities ) .
As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we comply with this law by offering our visitors the ability to tell us not to share your Personal Data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Samsung may need to ask you to provide follow-up information in order to duly process your e-mail request .
Please help us to ensure that your information is accurate and up to date .
If you think that any of your information is incorrect or incomplete , please write to our customer service department .
What do we do to keep your information secure
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure .
In order to do so , we have put in place reasonable physical and technical measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect through the Services .
This has been done with a view to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing of your Personal Data , and accidental , unauthorized or unlawful access , use , processing , copying , alteration , transfer , loss or destruction of , or damage to your Personal Data .
Although we take reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data , no website , Internet transmission , computer system or wireless connection is completely secure .
Samsung will respond to unauthorized access , hacking , data loss or other breaches in accordance with applicable laws and regulations .
We protect the security of your information by :
- using encryption where appropriate ;
- using password protection where appropriate ; and
- limiting access to your information ( that is , only employees who carry out the purposes referenced above have access to your information ) .
You must also take appropriate steps to keep your information secure by not using an obvious login name or password , changing your password regularly , and ensuring that you do not divulge your password to any other person .
Samsung may offer you the possibility to connect your accounts from third party social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter ( each , a Social Networking Site ) , with the Services by an application programming interface ( API ) or other software .
If you allow Samsung to connect the Services with your accounts on such Social Networking Sites , we may access your account information and other information , which may include Personal Data , from such Social Networking Sites .
In addition , we may collect , use and store such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and we may combine this information with other information in our records .
While your account from such Social Networking Site is connected to the Services , we can display on the Services information about your social networking activity and account .
It is your choice whether to use any such Social Networking Site , and you understand that in some instances such Social Networking Sites may request permission to access and publish information about you or your friends that is included in your Samsung account .
The Service may link to other websites and services which are outside our control .
Once you leave the Service , we can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide on other websites or to other services .
You should exercise caution , and review the privacy statements applicable to the websites you visit or the services you use .
We have no responsibility or liability for your use of third party websites and services .
Cookies , flash cookies , web beacons and other technologies
As mentioned earlier in this Privacy Policy , we may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons , and other technologies in certain areas of our Services .
Cookies are files that store information on your hard drive or browser .
They enable us to recognize whether you have visited the Services before and allow us to provide the Services to you .
Cookies help us to understand which sections of the Services are the most popular because they allow us to see which pages visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on the pages .
By studying these types of information , we are better able to adapt the Services and provide you with a better user experience .
When you use a web browser to access the Services on applicable devices , you may configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is sent .
Each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences .
Please note , however , that the websites providing Services may be designed to work using cookies and any disabling of the cookies may affect your usage of the Services , such as preventing you from fully using the Services we provide .
We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers , except with third parties working with us to provide services to you .
Our Services enable the use of the Adobe Flash Player .
Adobe 's Flash Player is used by many websites that offer video and other interactive content .
By default , your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates flash cookies ( also known as persistent identification elements or local shared objects ) .
The Adobe Flash Player ( and similar applications ) uses flash cookies to remember user settings , preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced above , but flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser .
You can control the degree to which you accept flash cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools directly through the settings manager for Adobe Flash .
If you do not allow flash cookies to take any disc space on your computer , you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of the Services .
The Adobe Flash Player is not the only technology used in online and mobile content environments .
HTML5 is an increasingly popular web standard used for presenting content , especially content delivered to mobile devices .
Some HTML5 code may allow your response to advertising and other activities to be monitored across websites and such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device .
Technology solutions that allow users to opt-out of or block this sort of tracking continue to evolve .
The Services and the communications generated from using and/or registering on the Services , such as promotional emails , may contain electronic images known as `` web beacons '' .
Web beacons generally work in conjunction with cookies , and we may use them in the same way we use cookies .
This Privacy Policy , including all revisions and amendments thereto , is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in the United States where you are a resident , without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction .
By using the Services in any way , you unconditionally consent and agree that : ( 1 ) any claim , dispute , or controversy ( whether in contract , tort , or otherwise ) you may have against the officers , directors and employees of Samsung and its parent , subsidiaries , affiliates ( all such individuals and entities collectively referred to herein as the Samsung Entity ( ies ) ) arising out of , relating to , or connected in any way with the Services or the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate , will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by JAMS and conducted before a sole arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS ; ( 2 ) this arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce , and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act ( FAA ) , 9 U.S.C . 1-16 ; ( 3 ) the arbitration shall be held in San Jose , California ; ( 4 ) the arbitrator 's decision shall be controlled by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and any of the other agreements referenced herein that the applicable user may have entered into in connection with the Services ; ( 5 ) the arbitrator shall apply California law consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations , and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law ; ( 6 ) there shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis , arbitration can decide only your and/or the applicable Samsung Entity 's individual claims ; the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated ; ( 7 ) the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against you or any Samsung Entity ; ( 8 ) in the event that the administrative fees and deposits that must be paid to initiate arbitration against any Samsung Entity exceed $ 125 USD , and you are unable ( or not required under the rules of JAMS ) to pay any fees and deposits that exceed this amount , Samsung agrees to pay them and/or forward them on your behalf , subject to ultimate allocation by the arbitrator .
In addition , if you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation , Samsung will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost prohibitive ; and ( 9 ) with the exception of subsection ( 6 ) above , if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed invalid , unenforceable or illegal , or otherwise conflicts with the rules of JAMS , the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid , unenforceable , illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein .
If , however , subsection ( 6 ) is found to be invalid , unenforceable or illegal , the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void , and neither you nor Samsung shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute .
If you have any specific questions , please contact us at :
Samsung Electronics Co. , Ltd .
129 Samsung-Ro , Maetan-3dong , Yeongtong-gu , Suwon-si , Gyeonggi-do , Korea

Thank you for visiting Saudi Arabian Airlines web portal and for reviewing our Privacy Policy .
The intent of this privacy policy is to inform you of what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit our website and how we may use that information .
Our web servers collect and store all information that your web browser sends when it requests a web page , including :
Name , domain , and numerical internet address of the `` host '' computer ( that of your Internet Service Provider , not necessarily your personal computer ) that you use for Internet access ;
The date and time when you accessed our site ;
The Internet address of the web page that you came from ;
The page requested from our site and the number of characters sent to your computer ;
The information your web browser software sends as its so-called `` User Agent , '' which typically identifies the browser software and may also indicate the operating system and type of CPU used in your personal computer .
Saudi Arabian Airlines intends to analyze these log files to learn how visitors use the site and what improvements we can make to improve user experience .
Personal information about users visiting our website will not be collected and used , unless the visitor chooses to provide such information .
As a policy , we do not attempt to identify individual users or share any information received with outside parties , with the exception of official and authorized law enforcement investigations , or in cases of suspected attempts to deliberately circumvent our system 's security with the intent of gaining unauthorized access or inflict technical damage ( e.g . an attack by hackers ) .
We use personal identifying information sent to us via e-mail to respond to your requests for information or assistance .
This includes forwarding your e-mail to other Saudi Arabian Airlines staff better able to handle your requests .
We do n't intend to retain or distribute e-mail addresses to outside parties .
Information collected through e-mails will be retained as long as necessary to complete our response .
`` If , at any time , you prefer not to receive email marketing information from us please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email . ''
Saudi Arabian Airlines uses cookies for anonymous visitor tracking .
Our web server assigns each visitor a unique numerical ID so that we can determine how many unique visitors visited the site .
Personal information based on the numerical IDs are not identified nor collected .
Information entered in our inquiry and reservation are not linked or related to the cookie data .
By using this site , you signify your agreement with Saudi Arabian Airlines Privacy Policy .
We reserve the right to change , revise , add or delete parts of this policy at any time .
Your continued use of this website following said possible changes to these terms indicates acceptance of those changes .
Saudi phone number : 00966 126860000
Box 620 , Jeddah 21231
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
All rights reserved .

Effective , November 2011
Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect , use , and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites , applications and services ( Services ) that are operated by , controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media , Inc. , including without limitation SB Nation and The Verge ( collectively , we , us or our ) .
This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us , write to us , or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services .
Because the Internet is global , information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to , processed in , and held in countries ( including the United States ) other than the one in which you reside .
By using the Services , you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information We Automatically Collect
We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Usage Data ) .
For example , each time you visit the Services we may automatically collect your IP address , browser and computer type , access time , the Web page you came from , the URL you go to next , and the Web page ( s ) that you access during your visit .
We will use such Usage Data to diagnose problems with our servers and software , to administer the Services , and to gather demographic information .
Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any individual .
Information You Choose To Submit
You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Personal Information ) .
If , however , you wish to register to become a member of the Services , you are required to provide certain Personal Information ( e.g. , your name and e-mail address ) , and we ask that you also provide a user name and password .
We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve our Services , and to contact you from time to time about us , and our products and services .
You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself ( for example your gender , birth date , or zip code ) by which someone could not personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Non-Personal Information ) .
We may also collect additional information about you when you visit certain features of the Services or the pages of certain of our partners when you interact with offers and advertisements , when you contact us for support , when you log into the Services with your account , when you complete a survey , or when you enter promotions .
Finally , you may choose to submit your alias , bio , email , photos or any other information that you would like to share with other users of the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Shared Information ) .
Our Information Sharing Practices
( a ) Generally .
Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy , we will never share your Usage Data , Personal Information , Non-Personal Information , or Shared Information ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as User Information ) with any third party without your permission .
( b ) Advertisers .
From time to time , we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you .
We will not share any such information , however , in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you .
( c ) Aggregated Data .
From time to time , we may share aggregated User Information with third parties .
We will not share any aggregated data , however , in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you .
( d ) Service Providers .
From time to time , we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us ( e.g. , data management and storage services or credit card processing services ) .
In those circumstances , we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information .
( e ) Other Disclosure Scenarios .
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary , we reserve the right , and you hereby expressly authorize us , to share any User Information : ( 1 ) in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish , protect , or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; ( 2 ) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , fraud , or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property ; ( 3 ) if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services ' infrastructure or the Internet in general ( such as voluminous spamming , denial of service attacks , or attempts to compromise the security of information ) ; ( 4 ) to our parent company , subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control with us ( in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy ) ; and ( 5 ) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity .
If you identify any User Information as public , you are authorizing us to share such information publicly .
For example , you may elect to make certain Shared Information ( such as your alias , bio , email or photos ) publicly available .
Also , there may be areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , discussion rooms , and other online forums ) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services .
By choosing to use these areas , you understand and agree that anyone may access , use , and disclose any information that you post to those areas .
We may set and access cookies on your computer .
Upon your first visit to the Services , a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser .
A `` cookie '' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website .
Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users .
Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent ; however if you reject cookies , you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services .
We uses cookies for the following general purposes : ( a ) to track your preferences , such as the address or local zip code you enter ; ( b ) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content ; ( c ) to display the most appropriate advertisements , based on your interests and activity on our Services ; and ( d ) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services .
We may also use `` pixel tags , '' which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time ( and length of time ) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer .
We may use pixel tags , either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks , to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you .
We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services ( e.g. , sharing buttons ) to collect Non-Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services , such as , web traffic , click-throughs , etc. , in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests .
We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services .
These companies may collect and use click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie , a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information .
None of them collect any personal information from your computer , such as your e-mail address .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies .
In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users , we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information provided by our users , including zip code and profile .
We do not provide this Personal Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement .
However , please note that the advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category ; for example , an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area .
Your Options and Information about Advertisers and Targeted Ads
You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by clicking here .
Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies .
We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services with our applications ( such as , GPS assisted navigation instruction , wireless tower location , triangulation or other available location technologies ) .
If you elect to use such location based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you .
By using the applications ' location based services , you authorize us to : ( a ) locate your hardware ; ( b ) record , compile and display your location ; and ( c ) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications ( e.g. , settings , user preferences ) .
As part of the applications , we may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as , users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers ( as applicable ) and users ' network access identifier information .
This information will be used to provide you the services accessed through our applications .
We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us .
If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request .
Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity , we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the Services ( e.g. , about changes to this Privacy Policy ) and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered .
Modifying and Deleting Your Personal Information
If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information you previously submitted to us , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request , and that if you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information .
Also , please note that we will maintain User Information in our database whenever we are required to do so by law .
We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized access or disclosure .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your User Information , we can not guarantee its security .
The Services may contain links to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites .
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13 .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information , we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services .
Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein .

Updated : Friday , January 3 , 2014
Save Email Print Share
Most web sites collect some sort of information about their visitors in order to gather statistics about how many visitors they get each month , what are the most and least popular pages on the web site , where there may be problems in serving certain pages to visitors , etc .
In an effort to answer questions such as these , ScienceDaily also collects certain basic information about its visitors .
Terms and Conditions of Use
Advertisers : Targeting ScienceDaily Using Google AdWords
Please note , however , that ScienceDaily has no interest in personally identifying its users .
This would be practically quite difficult , and quite an unnecessary task to accomplish anyway .
The only thing that ScienceDaily is interested in is the overall statistics of its readership .
Cumulative figures that provide a picture of visitor traffic to our site are vital in our efforts to attract advertisers -- upon whose support the site depends -- and to monitor how well our web server is keeping up with our ever-increasing readership .
Web Traffic Data Collection
So what information does ScienceDaily collect about its visitors ? Each time someone visits the site , our web server logs a number of details -- if they are available -- including the IP address of the visitor 's computer and/or Internet service provider , the domain name and country of origin of that computer , its operating system , and the type of web browser being used .
ScienceDaily uses certain third-party web traffic analysis services , such as Google Analytics and Quantcast , which collect similar information .
We also participate in certain web traffic services such as comScore , as part of web traffic reporting obligations to certain vendors and partners that may require such data in order to receive their services ( e.g. , news services that license content according to rates based on the number of visitors to our site ) .
In addition , third-party advertising agencies that we work with may also collect certain information through the use of banner ads and other forms of advertising and advertising-related data collection .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Such information can include certain location data pertaining to a user , if such information is made available from GPS , Wi-FI , or cell phone tower data in accordance with whatever settings may allow for the collection of such data in the user 's web browser or cell phone .
So , for example , a user may see ads of nearby businesses in the user 's locality , if a user 's browser has enabled location services and if an advertiser has the ability to target ads to users in certain geographical areas .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , third-party advertisers may also place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
For example , Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on ScienceDaily .
Google 's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to ScienceDaily and other sites on the Internet .
If you wish not to have anyone keep any records of your visit to our site , even though it is our policy not to personally identify individual users but only to gather overall cumulative information about our visitors , then we suggest that you use an anonymous web browsing service .
Such services typically hide all information about particular users from web sites , which log visits from the anonymizing service instead of the users ' own computers .

The Science Website is maintained by the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , 1200 New York Avenue , NW , Washington , DC 20005 .
AAAS is committed to protecting the privacy of our users .
We strive to provide a safe , secure user experience .
This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the Science family of websites ( also referred to as `` Science Online '' or the `` Science websites '' ) , currently including Science ( online version ) , Science Classic , Science Express , ScienceNOW , SAGE KE , Science Signaling , Science Translational Medicine , and Science Careers .
It also includes the order forms and member services accessible from those websites .
Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States .
If you access the Science Website outside the United States , your usage of that site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States .
The Science Website contains links to other websites over which we have no control .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Science Website .
Opt-in and Opt-out Choices
Disclosure of Information to Others
Additional Terms and Rules for Social Networking
Use of Web Beacons
Acceptance of These Terms
Changes to Privacy Statement
When you visit the Science Website there are two types of information you might provide to us : personal information you knowingly choose to disclose and website use information collected by us as you interact with our website .
In some areas of the Science Website , we request or may request that you provide personal information , including your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , credit card number , contact information , billing information , and any other information from which your identity is discernible .
In other areas , we collect or may collect demographic information such as your age , career focus and discipline , preferences , gender , educational degrees , ethnic background , interests , and household income range .
Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information .
Examples of areas on the Science Website where we collect or may collect personal or combined personal and demographic data are pages where you can sign up to use a service , post a resume , enter a contest , or purchase a product .
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our site , such as what areas you visit and what services you access .
Moreover , there is information about your computer hardware and software that we collect or may collect .
This information can include , without limitation , your IP address , browser type , domain names , access times , and referring website addresses .
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public and/or Social Network areas of the Science Website , such as in online forums or chat rooms , such information may be displayed to other users of these services and may be collected and used by others over whom we have no control .
We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Science Website .
We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of our website more efficient , practical , and relevant .
The information collected may be used by AAAS for the purpose of operating and improving the Science Website , fostering a positive user experience , and delivering the products and services that we offer .
We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from the Science Website or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered .
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail , postal mail , or other communications regarding updates at the Science Website , such as Job Alerts , newsletters , new opportunities , and additional listings which may be of interest to you .
We may also use it to send you information about third-party products and services that match your interests and preferences , if you opt in for this communication .
We do not release any of your contact information to third parties unless we have your permission .
The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you .
In addition , at the time of registration for certain services , such as Science Careers Job Alerts , or free partial access to any of the Science websites , you have the option to elect to receive additional communications , information , newsletters , and promotions relating to topics that may be of special interest to you .
We may share information , such as your IP address , with third parties as might be required for technical purposes , such as facilitating user discovery and access via web search engines .
OPT-IN AND OPT-OUT CHOICES
The registration forms and other sections of the Science Website where we collect your information provide you with relevant opt-in and opt-out choices regarding promotional activity and other communications with you .
AAAS members may opt in for third-party informational e-mails or opt out of all e-mail communication , with the exception of subscription renewal and association election information .
Members can provide data privacy instructions at the members-only Website , MemberCentral.aaas.org .
Select Member Services/Data Privacy .
Or contact AAAS Member Services .
Paid subscribers to AAAS publications including Science , ScienceNOW , Science Signaling , and Science Translational Medicine may also opt in for third-party informational e-mails or opt out of all e-mail communication ( with the exception of subscription renewal information ) by contacting AAAS Member Services .
Users of free online services provided by AAASsuch as free partial access to Science , Science Signaling , or Science Translational Medicine , access to ScienceNOW or SAGE KE , e-mail alerting services or Science Careers servicesare agreeing that AAAS may contact them by e-mail in exchange for these free services .
Users can also opt in for third-party informational e-mails .
Users who do not wish to receive e-mail may cancel their online services by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message from AAAS .
Users who download a free sample issue of Science Digital are agreeing that they may receive occasional e-mail messages from AAAS in exchange for this free content .
Users who do not wish to receive e-mail may follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any e-mail message from AAAS .
Science Careers registrants can change their communication options by clicking on My Science Careers/My Account .
The above are examples of opt-in/opt-out options and are not intended to describe every option on the site .
We have , or may have , an area where you can submit feedback .
Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property , and we may contact you for further information .
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO OTHERS
We do not disclose to third parties your personal information , combined personal and demographic information , or information about your use of the Science Websites ( such as the areas you visit or the services you access ) , except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs .
We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure .
For example we may use data we have about you ( such as the interests and preferences you have expressed ) to determine whether you might be interested in the products or services of a particular third party .
We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples may include hosting our web servers , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions , but they may not share that information with any other third party .
We may disclose such information if legally required to do so , if requested to do so by a governmental entity , or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process ; ( b ) protect the rights or property of AAAS ; ( c ) prevent a crime or protect national security ; or ( d ) protect the personal safety of users or the public .
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of the Science business , whether such acquisition is by way of merger , consolidation , or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets .
In addition , in the event any one or all of the Science websites become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding , whether voluntary or involuntary , the AAAS or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell , license , or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court .
The AAAS may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to Science websites with its clients , partners , and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to the Science websites and how those visitors use the site .
On Science Careers , we give you the option of putting your resume or CV ( collectively referred to as `` resume '' ) in our database .
There are two ways of doing this :
You can post your resume in our database as either a public or private resume .
Public resumes can be searched by parties with access to our searchable resume database .
If you allow your resume to be searchable , then all parties with access to our searchable resume database ( or copies thereof ) will have access to your resume .
We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database ( or copies thereof ) only to paying employers , recruiters , hiring managers , headhunters , and human resource professionals as well as law enforcement and national security agencies , but can not guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this database .
We are not responsible for the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are in our searchable database .
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time .
However , employers , recruiters , and others who have paid for access to that database or to obtain a copy of that database as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases .
We are not responsible for the retention , use , or privacy of resumes in these instances .
Please Note : It is not our practice to restrict access to our resume database to any particular customer ( s ) .
Please be advised that your current employer or an entity affiliated with your current employer might be a customer of the ScienceCareers.org sites .
We are not responsible for any actions or results that may occur as a result of any customer 's access to and/or use of your resume .
We reserve the right to remove from our database any resumes we consider to be illegal or offensive .
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND RULES FOR SOCIAL NETWORKING
Social networking services provided on the Science Website ( e.g . the Science Careers Community pages ) may have additional terms of conduct , privacy policies , and privacy settings that you will be required to agree to and set when you register for such services .
We use `` cookies '' to help personalize and maximize your online experience .
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server .
Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer , and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time .
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page .
For example , if you personalize pages or register for services on any of the Science websites , a cookie helps us to recall your specific information ( such as user name , password , and preferences ) .
Because of our use of cookies , we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience .
When you return to the Science Website , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the features that you customized .
We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing .
You may have the ability to accept or decline all cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer .
Alternatively , you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis .
It is possible to sign in to any of the Science websites without accepting cookies .
If you choose to decline cookies , however , that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience at the Science Website .
USE OF WEB BEACONS
Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons ( sometimes called single-pixel GIFs ) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information on the Science Website ; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Website usage .
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides .
It is important to us that we have your correct contact information so that you do n't miss out on further correspondence or experience problems with the delivery of publications and products .
We implement reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration , or disclosure .
In addition , all credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site , to protect you from any loss , misuse , or alteration of information collected .
However , we can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes .
When you place an order online at any of the Science websites , your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption utilizing Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol , the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders .
The SSL encrypts , or translates , your order information into a highly indecipherable code , which is processed immediately .
When you 've finished your transactions and begin the checkout process , you will move into the secure area of our site .
A warning window may pop up to notify you that you are entering this `` safe '' area .
Also , a key or closed lock will appear in the lower left-hand corner of your screen to notify you of this change .
You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process .
In addition , only the last four digits of your credit card number will be revealed on the screen when confirming an order .
Of course , we securely transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card service company during order processing .
The Science websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
Your use of the Science Website shall indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree with all of the terms herein , you should not use the Science Website or services .
CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for the Science websites , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and to whom we will disclose it .
We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem .
Thank you for using the Science Website .
American Association for the Advancement of Science
1200 New York Ave NW
Washington , DC 20005

Effective Date : January 26 , 2010
We at Scientific American , a division of Nature America , Inc. respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with you .
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on our websites and for our print products , how we may use that information , and with whom we may share it .
Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information we collect .
In addition , we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us .
We also tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information , contact us with general questions or comments , inquire about our company and its products and services , or answer questions you may have about our privacy practices .
You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , credit card information ) on our websites or when subscribing to our print products .
The ways you may provide information and the types of information you may submit include the following :
In order to properly process subscriptions , we collect email address , full name , billing address and credit card information .
In order to properly process gift subscriptions , we collect sender full name , sender billing address , sender email address , sender credit card information , recipient full name , recipient billing address , and recipient email address .
In order to properly deliver consumer requested newsletters and alerts , we collect email address , country and occupation .
For participation on our blogs , we collect name and email address .
We may occasionally ask visitors to our website to complete online surveys or participate on panels .
These surveys and panels help us understand the needs of our visitors .
For participation on panels , we may collect full name , email address , phone number , city and state .
Passive Collection of Information
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on the computer hard drives of visitors to their sites .
A cookie contains a unique code , which is used to recognize a computer when a user of that computer returns to a Web site that was visited previously .
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies , how to be notified when you receive a new cookie , and how to disable existing cookies .
However , in order to use certain features of our websites , users must have the `` cookie '' function on their browsers enabled .
We use cookies to store visitors preferences , record session information , such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart , alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site , record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and customize Web page content based on visitors ' browser type or other information that the visitor sends .
How We Use Information We Collect
When we collect information , we 'll use that information in connection with the purpose for which you submitted it ( for example , to fulfill your subscription , to deliver your newsletter or alert or to allow your participation in our blogs , surveys or panels ) .
We may also use the information we collect to send you information or products we think may be of interest to you and to customize our contacts with you .
Finally , the information we collect is used to improve our Web site , used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor and used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site .
We may share the information you provide with companies that are affiliated with Scientific American , a division of Nature America , Inc .
We also share information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf .
In addition , we may share information about you with non-affiliated third parties whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you .
These third parties may contact you about their products and services or we may contact you on their behalf .
We will not share your information with these third parties for their own marketing purposes if you request that we not do so .
We may , however , engage in joint marketing activities , such as contests or promotions , with selected third parties and may share personal information about you with them .
In addition , we may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , ( ii ) in response to legal process , ( iii ) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials , or ( iv ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets .
Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information you have provided in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice .
Links to Other Websites
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These sites may operate independently from our websites and may not be under our control .
These sites may have their own privacy notices in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
We may not be responsible for the content of these sites , any products or services that may be offered through these sites , or any other use of these sites .
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you , we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages .
As a result of your visit to our site , ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type , your IP address and click-stream information .
For further information , consult the privacy policies of the advertiser sites you are visiting .
We use technical , physical and administrative methods to protect your personal information .
When you submit information for a credit card transaction through our subscription pages , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software to encrypt the information during transmission .
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to financial information ( e.g. , credit card account information ) that we maintain about them , unique identifier information ( e.g. , customer number or password ) that we maintain about them , transaction information ( e.g. , dates on which customers made purchases , amounts and types of purchases ) that we maintain about them and contact information ( e.g. , name , address , phone number ) that we maintain about them .
We give you the option of requesting that we not contact you for marketing purposes .
We also give you the option of requesting that we not share personal information about you with third parties for their own marketing purposes .
Finally , we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information , financial information and unique identifiers .
Updates to this Privacy Notice
Note that by using the services and/or the sites you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
Changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when those changes are posted to the Site .
Your continued use of the services and the sites subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes .
Please review this statement periodically to ensure continuing familiarity with its most current provisions .

SCORE Association ( together with its affiliated entities , we , us , etc . ) know that visitors to and user ( you , your ) of score.org ( Website or Site ) care about how information about them is used and shared .
So we created this privacy and use policy ( Policy ) to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy .
Please note that if you use the Site , it means you consent and accept the terms in this Policy .
We may update our Policy periodically to reflect new uses , rules , regulations or technologies that impact your privacy .
If there are changes or additions to this Policy , we will post those changes here or in other formats for you to review .
Changes to this Policy will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Policy as well as to existing information held by us .
If we change our information practices or this Policy in such a way that your personal information may be used or shared in a manner not described in the Policy at the time you provided it , you may provide us notice ( at the address below ) that you would like to opt-out of having your information used or shared in that new manner .
This Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices .
We recommend that you review our Policy on a routine basis to view any changes .
Conditions to Use of Website
Access to SCORE Online Mentoring : You understand that access to our services , including but not limited to online workshops and counseling , are provided as services only to citizens of the United States and its territories .
You understand that when you submit a request to participate in online counseling , and when you participate in online counseling , you are signifying that you agree to the terms and conditions of our counseling outlined as follows : You request business management counseling from the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) .
You agree to cooperate should you be selected to participate in surveys designed to evaluate SBA assistance services .
You authorize SBA to furnish relevant information to the assigned management mentor ( s ) although you expect that information to be held in strictest confidence by him/her .
You further understand that any mentor has agreed not to : ( 1 ) recommend goods or services from sources in which he/she has an interest and ( 2 ) accept fees or commissions developing from this counseling relationship .
In consideration of SBA 's furnishing management or technical assistance , you waive all claims against SBA personnel , SCORE , Small Business Development Centers and their host organizations , and other SBA resource mentors arising from this assistance .
You understand that our mentors are not providing advice pursuant to the authority of professional certifications or licenses that they may hold and you will not treat information provided by our mentors as such .
You further understand that you are not entering into a relationship with our mentors that entitles you to client privileges that may be associated with any professional certifications or licenses that our mentors may hold .
Cooperative Agreement : We are funded by the U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) ( Cooperative Agreement No .
The support given by SBA to us through such funding does not constitute an express or implied endorsement by SBA of any of our opinions , products , or services .
Local Chapters : The support given by us to our various local chapters , whether in the form of funding or Web-hosting of local chapter information on its web site , does not constitute an express or implied endorsement by us of any of the opinions , products or services offered by such local chapters .
We make no warranty , express or implied , nor assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy , completeness , or usefulness of any information , apparatus , product or process disclosed on the Site , nor represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights .
Reference on the Site to any specific commercial product , process , or service by trade name , trademark , manufacturer , or otherwise , does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement , recommendation , or favoring by us .
The views and opinions of originators expressed on the Website do not necessarily state or reflect our own views and opinions .
WE TRY TO KEEP THE WEBSITE UP , BUG-FREE , AND SAFE , BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK .
WE ARE PROVIDING THE SITE `` AS IS '' WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , AND NON-INFRINGEMENT .
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL BE SAFE OR SECURE .
THE WEBSITE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS , CONTENT , INFORMATION , OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES , AND YOU RELEASE US , INCLUDING EACH OF THE ABOVE-NAMED ENTITIES , OUR DIRECTORS , OFFICERS , EMPLOYEES , AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES , KNOWN AND UNKNOWN , ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES .
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT , YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE 1542 , WHICH SAYS : `` A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO THE RELEASE , WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR . ''
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL , SPECIAL , INDIRECT , OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS STATEMENT OR THE WEBSITE , EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS STATEMENT OR THE WEBSITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ( $ 100 ) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS .
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES , SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU .
IN SUCH CASES , OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
Nothing in this Website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit ; and nothing in this Website disclaimer will exclude or limit our liability in respect of any fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on our part ; or any matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for the Website to exclude or limit , or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit , its liability .
By using this Website , you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this Website disclaimer are reasonable .
If you do not think they are reasonable , you must not use this Website or any of our products or services .
If any provision of this Website disclaimer is , or is found to be , unenforceable under applicable law , that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this Website disclaimer .
Third-party Internet sites that can be accessed through this Website by links contain information not under our control .
Accordingly , we disclaim any responsibility for the content , products or services of any such third-party websites or any site that links to the Website .
We do not necessarily recommend , endorse or approve of the content of or information gathered by any such sites .
Such links are provided on this Site solely for your convenience .
Your connection to any such linked site is at your own risk .
Furthermore , if you provide any information to third-parties who operate these websites , you may be disclosing personal information and different rules may apply to the collection , use , or disclosure of personal information on these sites .
We encourage you to review third-party websites ' policies before revealing any personal information or other sensitive information .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices , terms of use or the content of any third-party websites .
You may download content displayed on the Website for personal , non-commercial use .
You must maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices on downloaded and/or copied material .
You may not distribute , modify , transmit , use or reuse any of the content on the Website for any public or commercial purpose without our written consent or any third party we deem necessary .
Downloading for SCORE Chapters
SCORE chapters may download , duplicate and distribute proprietary Website content to clients , at SCORE-sponsored workshops and seminars .
You may not distribute , modify or transmit , use or reuse any of the content on the Website that is authored by a third party without our written consent or any third party we deem necessary .
We protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized alteration or disclosure by using industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls , coupled with carefully developed security procedures .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law and federal standards .
For example , we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access , which are located in controlled facilities .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email and you do so at your own risk .
Our Web-based services are password protected and we recommend that you do not share your password with anyone and should be changed frequently .
Remember that any information you voluntarily disclose online in any postings , discussions groups or chat rooms may be collected and used by others without your permission .
Remember also to sign out of our Web-based services and close your browser window when you have finished your work .
This prevents others from accessing your account if you share a computer or use a computer in a public place , such as a library or Internet caf .
For Website security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this Website employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this Website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
When using our website and creating a username and password , please be aware that information keyed into our website page is not encrypted with SSL encryption technology .
The content within our site is not considered high risk material and is not protected by SSL login technology .
It is recommended you do not use a username and password combination you might use on your personal banking site or other site you consider high risk information .
When you create an account on our site , password information will be sent to you via email .
Our database systems do not store any financial information or social security information on the site .
All of the passwords stored in our database are encrypted .
Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us , perfect security does not exist on the Internet .
While we strive to protect your information by employing reasonable Internet security methods and practices , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us over an unsecured Internet connection .
Scope : This privacy policy covers all of the Website .
By using or accessing our Website , you agree to our privacy practices outlined .
We value our relationship with you and place the highest importance on respecting and protecting your privacy .
We want you to feel comfortable and confident when using our services and with entrusting your personal and company information to us .
This privacy statement describes what we do with the information that we receive about you when you visit our Website .
The information that we receive about you depends on what you do when you visit our Website .
All submitted information is used only for the express purposes for which it is intended , and is not made available to any third party .
We only share information you voluntarily provide if required by law .
We never collect information or create individual profiles for commercial marketing .
However , when you join an online community and participate in online discussions , your name and other personal information you provide ( except e-mail ) are viewable by anyone visiting , unless you choose not to share this information with the public on your user profile page .
If you request to view a workshop on our Web site : We receive your name , email address and city and state when you submit your registration .
We also receive any other personal information that you provide in the text of your registration .
We use your name and email address to respond to send you additional information about SCORE and other program aspects that may interest you .
We use your zip code to identify the general area in which you live so that we can monitor the geographical scope and impact of our services .
If you request online mentoring : We receive your name , email address and zip code when you submit your request .
We also receive any other personal information that you provide in the text of your email request .
We use your name and email address to respond to your request for business counseling .
We use your zip code to identify the general area in which you live so that we can monitor the geographical scope and impact of our services and also so that we can provide counseling appropriate for your location .
The SCORE mentor that receives your email request will have access to other personal information that you provide in the text of your email request .
The SCORE mentor will keep this information confidential but may consult with other SCORE mentors about your situation in order to better serve you .
If you submit a testimonial or success story : We receive your name , place of business and email address as well as the information that you submit ( your testimonial or success story ) .
At our discretion , we may display on our site your testimonial or success story , including personal information that you provide as part of your testimonial submission .
Information Collected from Interactive Forms : The Website provides interactive forms that let you voluntarily submit personal information ( such as your e-mail address , name , or organization ) .
Use of Personal Information :
We do not sell or rent your personal information to anyone for promotional or marketing purposes .
We do not share your personal information with anyone for their promotional or marketing use without your consent .
We use your personal or financial information to provide you with information and services you request , to tell you about other products and services , and to give you a customized interactive experience as you use our products .
We also use the information for support , to develop new features , and to improve the overall quality of our products and services .
We may also use the information to show you a history of your activity , to provide you with statistics about you or your use of our product or service , or to provide you with a better user experience .
We may summarize information about you , in a way that does not identify you personally , and combine it with other information to understand how our products are used , to deliver products and services and to help us develop new products and services .
We may use service companies to help provide you products and services who are not allowed to use your information for their own purposes .
Children 's Privacy : Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online , we comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) .
COPPA and its accompanying FTC regulation establish United States federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet .
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13 .
We do not intend to solicit information of any kind from children under 13 .
It is possible that a child under 13 submits personal information to us or by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under 13 .
If we are notified of this , as soon as we verify the information , we will immediately obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from our servers .
Technical Information Collected and Stored Automatically : The Website automatically records website usage information that we analyze statistically to track operational problems , to prevent fraud and to improve the effectiveness , security and integrity of the Site .
This information does not identify you personally and we do not use this information to track or record information about individuals .
For each page that you visit , we collect and store only the following technical information :
Date and time of access
URL address of the Website or webpage visited
Internet domain and IP address from which our Website was accessed
Type of browser and operating system used to access our Site ( if provided by the browser )
URL address of the referring page ( if provided by the browser )
Completion or success status of the request for a webpage or other on-line item
File size of the webpage visited
This information is only used to help us make the Site more useful for you .
With this data , we learn about the number of visitors to our Site and the types of technology our visitors use .
We never track or record information about individuals and their visits .
Use of Cookies : As is standard practice on many websites , the Website uses cookies and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our Website are the most popular , where our visitors are going , and how much time they spend there .
`` Cookies '' to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience .
It is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server .
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and appropriate advertising on your later visits to these sites .
If you would like to view a video without the use of persistent cookies , a link to download the video file is typically provided just below the video .
Or , you can remove or block cookies by changing the settings of your browser .
To learn more about how to disable cookies in your browser use the following hyperlink :
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as providing customer support , hosting websites , or performing statistical analysis of our services .
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service .
They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than for delivering the service to us in accordance with our instructions and policies .
We may access or disclose information about you , including the content of your communications , in order to : ( a ) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process ; ( b ) protect our rights or property or our web site users , including the enforcement of our policies governing your use of the services ; or ( c ) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of other Website users or the public .
All graphics design elements on the site are copyrighted .
Use of the graphic design elements is forbidden without our expressed , written permission .
We neither warrant nor represent that your use of the content displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties .
Any product , service , content , program or technology on this Site may be the subject of intellectual property rights such as , but not limited to , copyright , trademark or patent rights .
Any such right that is not expressly given herein is reserved by us .
Additional copyrights for the mapping function , online counseling function and other technologies are below .
Images , graphics and photographs on the Site are either the property of , or are used with permission by us .
Use of these images by you or other third parties is prohibited unless expressly given through an authorized agreement with us or any third party we deem necessary .
Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws , trademark laws , the laws of privacy and publicity , and other applicable regulations .
You may also use snail-mail at the following addresses :
1175 Herndon Parkway , Suite 900
Herndon , VA 20170
Phone : 1-800/634-0245 or 703/487-3612
SCORE Association 1997-2011 .
All rights reserved .

North American Membership Group , Inc .
The services Scout offers include any Scout-branded URL , Premium Subscriptions , which allows users to view premium online content and participate in premium forums , magazine subscriptions , public forums and any other features , content , or applications offered from time to time by Scout in connection with Scout 's business , including when accessed via the Internet , mobile or other device ( collectively , the `` Scout Services '' ) .
As set forth in our Terms of Use , Scout.com is a general audience website , is not targeted to children , and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
This Privacy Policy describes Scout 's collection , use and sharing of personal information about users ( e.g. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) through Scout Services where that personal information is not otherwise publicly available on the Site .
This Privacy Policy also describes generally Scout 's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , user interests , demographics , or Site usage ) to the extent such non-personally identifiable information is associated with a particular user or user account .
This Privacy Policy applies to all `` users , '' including visitors ( users who use some of the Scout Services without being registered with Scout ) , `` Members '' ( users who have registered with Scout ) and `` Subscribers '' ( Members who have purchased a Premium Subscription or magazine subscription ) .
SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON WEBSITE
Membership Account Registration Information is the required information that a user must provide to us when they register as a Member with Scout.com ( `` Member Profile , '' also called a `` user account '' ) , and may include information such as an email address , password and a security question ( `` Required Registration Information '' ) .
When you register you will be required to register with a specific college , NFL , MLB team or high school page ( `` Preferred Team Website '' ) .
The Preferred Team Website may be operated or owned by a third party service provider selected by Scout
Premium Subscription Information .
If you elect to purchase a Premium Subscription through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information , including your credit card information , billing address or other payment information ( collectively , `` Personal Financial Information '' ) , full name , phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such Scout Services .
You must be 18 years of age or older to submit Personal Financial Information on the Site , including to place an order on the Site .
Public Forum Login Information .
If you elect to post comments on any of the public forums provided on the Site you will be required to select a username and provide your email address .
Your username will be public , which means it is available to everyone and will be displayed in search results on Scout.com and on external search engines .
Please select your username carefully .
We may also collect user submitted information in an offline or manual format , such as a postcard .
In such circumstances , you will be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy and other relevant information .
Site Activity Information .
When users visit the Site , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits .
For example , in order to permit your connection to the Site , our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information .
If you access the Scout Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it .
We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe flash technology including cookies ) , which are small bits of data that often include an identifier .
Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website .
We may use these technologies to gather information about your usage of the Site , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen .
Third parties that support Scout.com by serving advertisements or providing Scout Services , such as allowing users to share content , view premium content , or post to the forums or tracking aggregate Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information .
Scout does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies .
Scout may also work with third-party companies to display ads on Scout and elsewhere on the Internet .
These companies may use cookies ( a small text file ) , pixels , or similar technologies that are placed in browsers to gather information about your visits to Scout as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet .
These companies use this information to provide you more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising .
Some of these companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) .
The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use .
If you change computers or browsers , use multiple computers or browsers , or delete your cookies , you may need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether .
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through Scout Services .
To improve the quality of the Scout Services , we may supplement the information we collect with information that is collected or provided by third parties .
Means of Notice and Choice .
This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Scout provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information .
Scout will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission .
Privacy Policy Changes .
Scout may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information , we will notify you to seek your consent either through an email or a prominent posting on the Site .
Location of Data Storage .
The Scout Services are hosted in the United States .
If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to , stored and processed in the United States .
United States data protection and other relevant laws and regulations may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction .
As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care .
The Scout Services may also be linked to other websites operated by Scout ( `` Affiliated Site '' ) or third parties .
Scout is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Scout Services via a link , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site .
Additionally , users who visit an Affiliated Site should still refer to the Affiliated Site 's separate privacy policy , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or have its own privacy statements .
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party .
You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on the Site and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company 's privacy policy .
You further acknowledge and agree that Scout will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company 's use or protection of your Personal Financial Information .
You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company 's website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes .
You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information , Scout shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach .
You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach .
Scout 's Use and Disclosure of Information
We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe the sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy .
In addition , Scout may share your personal information with Affiliated Companies .
We use the information you provide us for the following purposes :
To provide and manage the Scout Services .
We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Scout Services and features to you , to measure and improve those Scout Services and features .
To allow third party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Scout Services .
Scout may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers such as contractors , vendors and agencies , who help us manage or provide Scout Services by , for example : developing or supporting the Scout Services and features ; collecting , transmitting , storing and/or processing Personal Financial Information , fulfilling Premium Subscriptions orders ; administering message boards , or processing data or statistics .
These third-party service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to you and Scout .
To contact you .
Scout may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or correspondence related to the Scout Services to the email address you provided to us at registration .
If you want to stop receiving correspondence from Scout , you can change your `` My HotList '' Preferences settings under `` My Profile , '' or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email .
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Scout Services or policies .
To protect the rights of Scout and our users .
There may be instances when Scout may disclose user information without providing notice or choice , including situations where Scout has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Scout , our Affiliated Companies or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety and security of users of the Scout Services or members of the public including responding to emergencies where there appears to be a danger of death or injury to any person ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or ( iv ) comply with applicable laws , rules and regulations ( `` Applicable Laws '' ) or legal process .
To deliver relevant advertisements .
We strive to make the Scout Services interesting , relevant and personalized for our users .
The Site and its third-party advertising partners customize the advertising displayed to you based on non-personally identifiable information gathered via cookies or other tracking devices as well as your past activity on the Site .
For example , based on your team interests , we might display an advertisement informing about the schedule for such teams games .
To complete a merger or sale of assets .
If Scout sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Scout may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction .
Scout uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to help safeguard user information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification .
ACCESS , REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE
User Control and Account Cancellation .
Through the My Profile option , you can access and edit your Required Registration Information , Member Profile Information , Premium Subscription information and `` My HotList '' Preferences .
If you would like to deactivate your Membership Account you may email us , Subject Line : Deactivate Membership Account .
If you would like to terminate your Premium Subscription you can : ( i ) visit `` My Subscriptions '' and click on `` cancel my subscription ; '' or ( ii ) contact us directly , Subject Line : Terminate Premium Subscription .
Please refer to the Scout.com Terms of Use for our Premium Subscription termination policy and restrictions .
We may retain backup information related to your My Profile account and Premium Subscription on our servers for some time after deactivation for fraud detection or to comply with Applicable Law or our internal security policies .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact Scout at :
North American Membership Group , Inc .
Minnetonka , MN 55343
Last Updated : November 15 , 2013

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY HAS CHANGED EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 14 , 2012
This `` Privacy Policy '' applies to the Websites controlled by Scripps Networks Interactive , Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( `` Scripps Networks '' , `` us '' , `` we '' , or `` our '' ) where the Privacy Policy is posted .
`` Websites '' include sites hosted by one or more web servers { however accessed and/or used , whether via personal computers , mobile devices or otherwise ( collectively , `` Computer '' ) } and other interactive features , applications or downloads that are operated by us and that are available through , or interact with , Websites where this Privacy Policy is posted .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to our collection of information from other sources ( unless specifically stated ) .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain what information may be collected on our Websites , how we use this information and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Websites , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Websites .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Websites , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Websites and you should review it frequently , as we reserve the right to change it from time to time without prior notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
Scripps Networks will not use your personally identifiable information , however , in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected without your consent .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITES , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITES .
Our Websites typically collect two ( 2 ) kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Websites .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Websites .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , e-mail address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Websites , using our online store or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a product rating and recommendation on our Websites .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer or gain access to certain content on our Websites .
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We and/or our third party service providers obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We and/or our third party service providers also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Websites .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive , to provide you with marketing or promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( affiliated companies ) , to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Websites or with regard to your use of the Websites and , in our discretion , changes to the Websites and/or Website policies , for internal business purposes , or for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us , or direct that we not share your information in the future with any affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes , as set forth below in Section I .
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third-party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , deliver our merchandise , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc .
Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests .
In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with participating sponsors to a program or promotion ( e.g. , a sweepstakes or contest ) you enter via our Websites , and with third parties who assist us in using the content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Websites ( e.g. , production companies we may use ) .
Further , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use , or as set forth when you submit the information , your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to third parties without your consent .
In addition to any personally identifiable information or other information that you choose to provide to us on the Websites , we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies , now and hereafter devised , that automatically collect certain web site usage information whenever you visit or interact with the Websites .
This information may include browser type , operating system , the page served , the time , the source of the request , the preceding page view , and other similar information .
We may use this usage information for a variety of purposes , including to enhance or otherwise improve the Websites .
In addition , we may also collect your IP address or some other unique identifier for the particular device you use to access the Internet , as applicable ( collectively , referred to herein as a Device Identifier ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Computer , and we may identify your device by its Device Identifier .
When analyzed , usage information helps us determine how our Websites are used , such as what types of visitors arrive at the Websites , what type of content is most popular , what type of content you may find most relevant and what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising .
We may associate your Device Identifier or web site usage information with the personally identifiable information you provide , but we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information .
Web site usage information may be collected using various methods , such as the following :
Web Beacons - Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as 1x1 GIFs or clear GIFs ) may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Websites , to monitor how users navigate the Websites , to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
Cookies - A cookie is a data file placed on a Computer when it is used to visit the Websites .
Cookies may be used for many purposes , including , without limitation , tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the Websites .
You may be able to remove , reject and/or disable some types of cookies using your browser 's preferences or other programs .
Some features of the Websites may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable , delete , or refuse to accept cookies .
Some of the cookies we use may be Flash cookies .
A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Computer via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Computer .
While they are harmless , depending on your browser , these cookies may not be deleted when your cookies are deleted or disabled and , in some instances , they may cause your cookies to reappear in your browser .
Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted or disabled .
Mobile Device Identifiers - Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Websites through mobile devices .
Certain features of our Websites may require collection of mobile phone numbers , and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information .
Additionally , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service .
Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information .
Embedded Scripts - An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Websites , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Computer from our web server or a third-party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Websites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
Information collected through passive means may be non-identifying or may be associated with you .
In the latter case it will be treated as personally identifiable information .
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Information You Provide About A Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the Websites , such as sending Website content to a friend , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , etc . ) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise .
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Websites , your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We also may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Websites .
In those cases , we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal identifiable information received , unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your personally identifiable information .
If you send us an e-mail with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personally identifiable information , such as passwords , social security numbers or bank account information , to us by e-mail .
Further , we may send you e-mail under the following circumstances : ( a ) if you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves e-mail communications ; ( b ) if it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) ; ( c ) if we are sending you information about our other products and services ; ( d ) if you consented to being contacted by e-mail for a particular purpose ; ( e ) if you send us an e-mail , post information on the Websites ( i.e. , a blog ) or otherwise submit information to us electronically , we may e-mail you to follow-up or otherwise communicate with you with respect thereto ; ( f ) to provide you legal notices or notices with respect to your use of the Websites ; or ( g ) to otherwise facilitate a transaction between us .
In certain instances , we may provide you with tools on the Websites that will allow you to set your preferences for receiving e-mail communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may opt out of receiving future commercial e-mail communications from us by clicking the unsubscribe link or following the other instructions included at the bottom of most e-mails we send , or as provided below in Section I ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional e-mails such as customer service communications .
2.Transfer of Assets :
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to notices and counter-notices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Websites , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Websites ' users or the general public .
4.Sweepstakes Contests and Promotions :
We may offer sweepstakes , contests , and other promotions through the Websites that may require registration .
By entering any promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor ( s ) of the promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion .
If you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest or other promotion , personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion , including , without limitation , in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment , and as required by law or permitted by the promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners list .
5.Your California Privacy Rights :
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
You may request the information in writing at :
Scripps Networks , LLC
1180 Avenue of the Americas
New York , NY 10036
Attn : California Privacy Request
6.Third Party Ad Server Networks :
The Websites may use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Websites and may use traffic measurement services to analyze traffic on the Websites .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to the Websites and other websites you have visited .
Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
The Websites ' third party ad network providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies and other technologies on your Computer and track certain behavioral information regarding users of your Computer via a Device Identifier .
These third party cookies and other technologies are set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third party cookies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Third party cookies , web beacons , and other third party technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one .
Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members will no longer be able to deliver targeted content and/or ads to you , which will affect this and other web sites , but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different computer or change web browsers , your NAI opt-out may not , or may no longer , be effective .
Additional information is available on the NAI 's web site accessible by the above link .
We may offer chat rooms , message boards , bulletin boards or similar public forums where you and other users of our Websites can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personally identifiable information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Websites requiring personally identifiable information are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your personally identifiable information ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Websites may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Websites and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Websites and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
Third party applications may be available via the Websites .
The owners of these applications ( Third Party Owners ) may collect personally identifiable information from you and may have their own policies and practices .
We are not responsible for how Third Party Owners or their applications use your personally identifiable information .
These Third Party Owners may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same .
We are not responsible for these policies or the practices of Third Party Owners .
Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a third party application or otherwise interacting with it .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
The Websites may include subscription and registration management tools that allow you to make changes regarding your preferences for receiving communications .
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please , note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Websites .
Also , please note that it is not always possible to completely change , remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons .
Also , if you have made any public postings on the Websites such as in forums or blogs , these communications are generally not removed by us .
CONSENT TO TRANSFER INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES
The Websites are operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States .
By using the Websites or providing us with any information , you consent to this transfer and processing of your information in the United States .
This Privacy Policy as posted is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to the Websites , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Websites .

This web site or application ( `` Site '' ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee .
At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it .
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site .
Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy .
You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here :
Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes .
If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law .
Get answers and information about :
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ?
What Information Do We Share and with Whom ?
Can I Disable Cookies ?
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ?
What About Links to Other Sites ?
Interest-Based Ads Online Advertisements
Is My Information Secure ?
How Can I Access My Information ?
Can I `` Opt-Out '' of Receiving Promotional E-mails ?
Where Is My Information Stored ?
How May I Contact You ?
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It
We may collect personally identifiable information ( `` PII '' - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site .
We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Sites other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content .
We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Sites social networking features ; or provide you with other services .
Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts .
We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter .
This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account .
Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) .
Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that sites own privacy policy .
This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed .
We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friends name and email address .
We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties .
In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site .
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location .
Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies .
We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you .
For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location .
Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site .
Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags .
Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer .
We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click .
This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience .
This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you .
We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
What Information Do We Share and with Whom
We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy .
The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so .
Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher .
We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information .
We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site .
You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) .
Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site .
In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents .
Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information .
Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes .
We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities .
There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy
Can I Disable Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored .
Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function .
We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations .
If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel .
You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to `` information '' on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) .
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content .
If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites .
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children
This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age .
In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act .
What About Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites .
You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII .
Interest-Based Ads Online Advertisements
This Site may display ads from other companies .
We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites .
Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity .
For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf .
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page .
The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members .
If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process .
In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings .
Is My Information Secure
We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII .
While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII .
Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards .
How Can I Access My Information
You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member .
By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events .
Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site .
Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature .
Can I `` Opt-Out '' of Receiving Promotional E-mails
From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages .
If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail .
Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc . ) .
Where Is My Information Stored
Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country .
This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States .
How May I Contact You
Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us .

Last Updated : December 19 , 2012
We are strongly committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your personal information .
The policies below are applicable to Seattle Times Company network of websites , including the seattletimes.com , seattletimescompany.com , m.seattletimes.com , mobile.seattletimes.com and the various NW classified websites ( including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device ) ; all email newsletters published or distributed by The Seattle Times ; all apps published by The Seattle Times ; and all other interactive features , services , and communications provided by The Seattle Times ( Sites ) , however accessed and/or used , that are operated by us , made available by us , or produced and maintained by Seattle Times Company ( collectively The Seattle Times or we , us , or our ) .
We have established this privacy policy ( Privacy Policy ) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to these Sites , why we gather your information , what we use your personal information for , when we might disclose your personal information , and how you can manage your personal information .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online at our Sites .
It does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline , or to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us .
By visiting our Sites , you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Sites .
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice .
Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession , we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments .
Controllers of Personal Information
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored ?
Is Personal Information Collected From Children ?
How Do We Use Your Information ?
Who Do We Provide Your Information To ?
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure ?
Your Obligations to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website ?
What About Contests , Sweepstakes or Games ?
Public Areas , Chat Rooms , Reviews , and Community Areas
Notice to Non-US Users
Changes to This Policy
How Do I Opt-Out or Correct Information About Me
Your California Privacy Rights
Previous The Seattle Times Privacy Policy
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by The Seattle Times is controlled primarily by Seattle Times Company , 1000 Denny Way , Seattle , WA 98109 .
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored ?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites , personal information and non-personal information .
Personal information is information that you may supply to us , as described more fully below , i.e. , when you subscribe , place an order , complete a survey , register for a Site or any part thereof , enter a contest , upload content , participate in a community , or provide your e-mail address .
Personal information is any information that can individually identify you and includes , among other things , your name , e-mail address , telephone number , postal address , credit card , billing and contact information .
Non-personal information includes information that does not personally identify you , but it may include tracking and usage information about your location , demographics , use of the Sites and the Internet .
As a general matter , you can browse the Sites without submitting your personal information to us .
However , there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personal information .
The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your personal information .
Registration for an account on the Sites
Sign up to receive e-mail newsletters or e-mail alerts from us
Sign up to receive e-mail offers from The Seattle Times or The Seattle Times partners
Request for customer service or other assistance
Participation in surveys , panels , or market research
Participation in special events and promotions
Purchases on the Sites , including subscriptions to The Seattle Times publications and services
Posting a resume on the Sites
Placing an order for online or print classified advertisements
Creating a profile or submitting information to personals sections of the Sites
Entry in contests or sweepstakes
Participation on social media accounts involving The Seattle Times , our Sites and our brands
Participation in communities , chat rooms and comment threads , other fora , and other interactive services
Submission of user generated content on any part of the Sites that permit it
Submission of a job application
Any other place on the Sites where you knowingly volunteer personal information
Collection of Personal Information From or Through Social Media Sites
When you interact with any The Seattle Times property page or account on a social media platform , such as Facebook , Twitter , Google+ , Tumblr , LinkedIn , YouTube , or Pinterest , we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or handle .
However , we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms .
If you choose to link or login to your The Seattle Times account with or through a social networking service , The Seattle Times and that service may share certain information about you and your activities .
With your consent , we also may share information about your activities , including what you view on the Sites , with that social network 's users .
In addition , when you interact with the Sites , we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually and our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites ( Non-Personal Information ) .
Generally , we collect and store the following categories of Non-Personal Information :
Demographic data such as age , gender , and five digit zip code as part of collecting personal information
Device information about your computer , mobile device , or other device that you use to access the Sites .
This information may include IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language , and other transactional information .
Usage information about your use of the Sites .
This information includes a reading history of the pages you view .
We use this information to provide you a more customized experience on the Sites .
Additional traffic data such as time of access , date of access , software crash reports , session identification number , access times , and referring website addresses .
Your search terms and search results .
Other information regarding your use of the Sites .
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information
We collect and store your device 's source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the Sites .
Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data .
In addition , in some cases the Sites can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature .
If you enable that feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device which will be used by the Sites to serve you certain content tied to your location .
If you elect to have your location-based searches saved to your history , we will store such information on our servers .
Collection of Personal and Non-Personal Information From Other Sources
We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources ( including by us from our offline interactions with you ) to , among other things , enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to better customize your experience on the Sites .
Use of Cookies , Flash Cookies and Web Beacons
Like many websites , we use cookies , which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions .
We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services .
We may also use cookies to monitor traffic , improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use .
You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf .
We do not control these cookies , and these cookies are not subject to this cookie policy .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but , if you prefer , you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies .
If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies , some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed .
We may also use web beacons or flash cookies .
A web beacon or flash cookie ( also known as action tags , tracer tags , or single-pixel gifs ) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect non-personal information about your use of a given website .
We do not share or provide Personal Information we may collect through such web beacons , such as names , e-mail addresses and phone numbers without your express permission .
We may also use Web Storage to store data about your use of our Sites .
Web Storage is a feature in some browsers that permits websites to store data within your browser rather within a cookie .
This should make this data more secure and make your browser perform better .
We do not share or provide Personal Information we may store in Web Storage , such as names , e-mail addresses and phone numbers without your express permission .
We work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize flash or enhanced cookies or web beacons to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
These partners do not have access to or use your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal information from us .
They may , however , anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites .
Is Personal Information Collected From Children ?
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection and with parent or guardian consent ( for instance , in some of the educational areas on our Sites ) , The Seattle Times does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age you should not provide personally identifiable information to The Seattle Times without providing us with consent from your parents .
If The Seattle Times discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided The Seattle Times with personally identifiable information and we do not have parental consent , The Seattle Times will immediately delete that child 's information from the Sites .
How Do We Use Your Information ?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites .
We may use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways :
Provide you with the content , products and services you request
Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites , including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters , offers and promotions for our products and services , third party products and services , or special events by e-mail , text , or other another medium
Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Administer our loyalty programs
Administer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , and surveys
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate , and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical , demographic , and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns
Combination of Your Personal Information
We use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites , all of which are owned and operated by The Seattle Times , and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single customer record .
We also use and/or combine information that we collect off-line or we collect or receive from third party sources to enhance , expand , and check the accuracy of your customer records .
Use of Your Location Information
Specifically , we use your location information to :
Provide you with the products and services you request
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites , including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Personalize your newsletters , offers and promotions for our products and services , third party products and services , or special events
Personalize the advertising you receive , including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Optimize or improve our products , services and operations
Detect , investigate , and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical , demographic , and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns
Who Do We Provide Your Information To ?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy , we do not disclose information about your Personal Information collected online to any companies not part of the Seattle Times Company or its subsidiaries or related entities .
Although , as disclosed below , we may provide your information to our partners , in no event will we sell or rent your Personal Information as part of a customer list or similar transaction .
We have third party agents , subsidiaries , affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf , such as hosting , billing , content syndication , content management tools , social media integration , marketing , analytics , customer service , fraud protection , etc .
These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information .
They are restricted from using , selling , distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites .
Business Partners and Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information with our business partners or co-marketers from time to time .
We may also share your Personal Information with third parties that provide products and services that we think you may be interested in .
Although our treatment of your Personal Information is governed by this Privacy Policy , the business partner or third party 's treatment of your Personal Information will be governed by the business partner or third party 's privacy policy .
You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your Personal Information with business partners and third parties at any time by following the opt-out process described below .
We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Sites ; ( b ) protect and defend our rights or property , the Sites or our users , and ( c ) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us , our affiliates , agents , or the users of the Sites or the public .
Use of Non-Personal Information
We may disclose or share Non-Personal Information ( or other information , other than Personal Information ) in any other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary .
Among other things , we will disclose Non-Personal Information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites .
We will also disclose Non-Personal Information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites .
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure ?
We are concerned about ensuring the security of your Personal Information .
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your device to our servers .
Personal Information collected by our Sites are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public .
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you .
Please understand , however , that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it , no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Your Obligations to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
You promise to : ( a ) provide true , accurate , current and complete information about yourself and your business as prompted by a Website 's registration form ( such information being the `` Registration Data '' ) and ( b ) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true , accurate , current and complete .
If you provide any information that is untrue , inaccurate , not current or incomplete , or The Seattle Times has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue , inaccurate , not current or incomplete , The Seattle Times has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Sites ( or any portion thereof ) .
You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account .
Furthermore , you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account .
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website ?
These Sites may contain links to other websites operated by affiliates of The Seattle Times or third parties .
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for Seattle Times do not apply to information gathered through these other websites .
We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites .
What About Contests , Sweepstakes or Games ?
When we run a contest or sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites , it will be accompanied by a set of rules .
The rules for each contest , sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this Privacy Policy .
In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes , Personal Information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it to .
Public Areas , Chat Rooms , Reviews , and Community Areas
Please remember that any information you share in public areas , such as message boards or feedback sections , becomes public and anyone may take and use that information .
Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any Personal Information that you expect to keep private .
Please consult the applicable guidelines , if any , for use of our chat rooms and other community areas for more information .
These Sites are published in the United States .
We attempt to protect the Personal Information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the The Seattle Times services , but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws .
If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located , you should not submit your Personal Information to The Seattle Times .
Notice to Non-US Users
If you are located outside the United States of America , you should be aware that your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the United States of America , the laws of which may be deemed by the your country to have inadequate data protection .
If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personal information to us , you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to , and/or storage of that information in , the United States of America .
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Sites and services .
We may also sell certain assets associated with the Sites .
As a result , please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged .
Under such circumstances we would , to the extent possible , require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time .
Nevertheless , we can not promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy .
Changes to This Policy
As our Sites continue to develop , we may add new services and features to our Sites .
In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy , this document will be updated appropriately .
We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
We do , however , recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our Sites in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy .
We will not , however , materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of Personal Information we have previously collected from you without your express consent .
How Do I Opt-Out or Correct Information About Me
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail messages and newsletters from The Seattle Times .
We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us by going into your profile settings and choosing the appropriate options .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of The Seattle Times who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Previous The Seattle Times Privacy Policy
Certain Personal Information collected by The Seattle Times prior to the date listed at the top of this privacy policy may be governed by the previous privacy policy of The Seattle Times .
To view our previous privacy policy , click here .

The U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
Web Site Privacy and Security Policy
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Website Measurement and Customization Technologies ( e.g . Cookies ) Policy
If You Send us Personal Information
What are Your Rights under the Privacy Act of 1974 ?
Principal Purpose and Routine Uses of Information
Authority for Collecting Information
Links to Other Web Sites
False Statements and Documents
Thank you for visiting the Securities and Exchange Commission 's web site and reviewing our Privacy Policy .
The privacy of visitors to our web site is of the utmost importance to the SEC .
At the SEC web site we collect personal information only if you voluntarily choose to provide it to us .
You do not have to give us personal information to visit our site .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you choose not to provide us with personal information but merely browse our site or download information , we will collect certain information automatically for site management purposes .
The SEC 's web site will automatically collect the following information , as applicable :
Type of Internet traffic associated with a specific IP address ;
Type of Internet traffic associated with a specific time or event ;
Types of events ;
The location associated with an event ( such as apparent nation of origin ) ;
Malicious software identification ; and
Caller Identification logs , which provide a caller 's apparent phone number .
This data is used in summary form for statistical purposes , to assess system performance , identify problems with agency systems , and to improve the site for users .
In the event of computer security incidents , such data may be further refined manually to allow computer security specialists to identify Internet service providers and , in extreme cases , individuals attacking the agency .
Website Measurement and Customization Technologies ( e.g . Cookies ) Policy
The SEC uses web measurement and customization technologies , commonly known as cookies , to collect information about users ' visits to our site .
Use of these technologies makes our web site function better for you and allows us to better understand how the public is using the web site .
Cookies are files placed on your hard drive by a web site that allows the web site to monitor your use of that site , usually without your express knowledge .
Some cookies collect personal information to recognize your computer in the future .
That is not the case at the SEC 's web site , where we use only non-persistent cookies or `` per-session cookies also known as Tier 1 web measurement and customization technologies .
These cookies do not collect personal information on users and they are not stored on your computer 's hard drive .
They are stored only in memory during an active browser session , and they are erased as soon as you close your browser after visiting our web site .
The SEC uses a third-party analytics provider ( currently Google Analytics ) to analyze the data collected through the non-persistent cookies or per-session cookies .
Google Analytics does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and does not combine , match , or cross-reference sec.gov information with any other information .
The data is automatically sent from a cookie on your machine or device to the provider 's system which immediately aggregates that data .
The cookie and any data related to a particular visit to our web site are deleted from your computer immediately after the session ends .
The SEC uses the aggregated data for internal purposes and discloses to SEC employees and contractors who have a need-to-know in the performance of their official duties .
We employ safeguards to maintain the security , confidentiality , and integrity of the information we collect on our site .
You may opt out of having cookies installed on your machine or device by changing the setting of your browser to block them .
If you chose to block these technologies you will continue to have access to comparable information and services on our web site .
If You Send Us Personal Information
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiries or complaints .
Any personally identifying information you provide is voluntary .
If you choose to provide us with personal informationlike filling out a Contact Us form , with an e-mail address and zip code , and submitting it to us through the web site we use it to fulfill a request you make or to assist us in carrying out our mission ; it may be disclosed to others for such purposes .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
In some circumstances , including requests from Congress or private individuals , we may be required by law to disclose the information you submit .
Our web site does not collect information or create individual profiles for commercial marketing .
While you must provide an e-mail address and zip code for a personal response to any incoming questions or comments to SEC.gov , we recommend that you NOT include any other personal information , especially Social Security Numbers .
The Social Security Administration offers additional guidance on protecting your Social Security Number .
You may send us electronic mail ( e-mail ) containing your personal information , comment , question , or complaint .
If you send us e-mail , we may store your name and address in order to respond .
With the exception of comments made specifically in response to a Request for Comments issued by the SEC for rulemaking purposes ( see the Current SEC Rulemaking page ) , we do not share your e-mail with any other outside organizations except for authorized law enforcement investigations or in assisting investors with complaints and inquiries .
Comments made in response to a Request for Comments incident to rulemaking are public information and are posted on the site in the rulemaking section .
What are Your Rights under the Privacy Act of 1974
Under the Privacy Act of 1974 , federal agencies must not disclose any record which is contained in a system of records to any person , or to another agency , except at the written request of , or with the prior written consent of , the person to whom the record relates .
There are exceptions for certain disclosures within the Government and disclosures required by statute .
A record is any item , collection , or grouping of information about a person that an agency maintains and that contains the person 's name , or some other identifying number , symbol , or feature assigned to the person by the agency ( e.g. , a fingerprint or a photograph ) .
A system of records means a group of records under the control of an agency from which the agency actually retrieves information by a person 's name or by the identifying number , symbol , or feature that the agency has assigned to the person .
Because of this actual retrieval requirement , not all personal information collected online is covered by the Privacy Act .
Other major provisions of the Privacy Act require the SEC to :
Publish a system of records notice in the Federal Register explaining the existence , character , and uses of any new or revised system of records ;
Maintain in its records only information about you that is relevant and necessary to accomplish a purpose of the agency required by law ;
Keep information about you accurate , relevant , timely , and complete to assure fairness in dealing with you ; and
Allow you , upon request , to access , review , and request amendment of your information held in a system of records .
Principal Purpose and Routine Uses of Information
Our principal purpose for requesting information from you is to respond to inquiries and complaints from you and other members of the public .
As required by the Privacy Act of 1974 , all routine uses are published in SEC systems of records notices , found on the SEC Privacy Compliance web site .
As stated in the routine uses in SEC systems of records notices ( where applicable ) , the SEC may also use your information to determine whether any person has violated , is violating , or is about to violate the federal securities laws or rules that the SEC enforces , such as the rules of the securities exchanges and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board .
The SEC may use the information you provide in legal proceedings .
If the information points to violations of other laws or regulations , we may turn it over to other government agencies , including United States Attorneys and state prosecutors .
In order to preserve integrity of the investigation , we generally do not disclose to you whether we have done so or not .
The SEC will not agree to limit its use of your information in any way not required by law , unless the SEC or its staff explicitly agrees to do so in writing .
Authority for Collecting Information
The SEC is authorized to request information from you by various laws : Sections 19 and 20 of the Securities Act of 1933 , Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , Section 321 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 , Section 42 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 , Section 209 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Title 17 of the Code of Federal Regulations , Section 202.5 .
If a visitor under the age of 13 uses this Web site , no personally identifiable information is collected from them unless the information is voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services .
The information supplied is used to respond to the user 's inquiries or to provide services requested by the user .
Links to Other Web Sites
This web site contains hypertext links to information created and maintained by other organizations .
These links are provided for your convenience .
The SEC does not control or guarantee the accuracy , relevance , timeliness , or completeness of any information .
If you go to other web sites through these links , our privacy and security policy no longer applies to you and you are subject to the privacy and security policy of the new sites .
By using this site , you are agreeing to security monitoring and auditing .
For security purposes , and to ensure that the public service remains available to users , this government computer system employs programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or to otherwise cause damage , including attempts to deny service to users .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change information on any portion of this site are strictly prohibited and are subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 ( see Title 18 U.S.C . 1001 and 1030 ) .
False Statements and Documents
If you choose to furnish us with information that you know to be false or misleading , you may be prosecuted for any violations of federal law .
Section 1001 of Title 18 of the United States Code provides as follows :
Whoever , in any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States knowingly and willfully falsifies , conceals , or covers up by any trick , scheme , or device a material fact , or makes any false , fictitious or fraudulent statements or representations , or makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false , fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years , or both .
The information you give the SEC may be used against you in any federal , state , local or foreign administrative , civil or criminal proceeding brought by the SEC or any other agency .
You may refuse , in accordance with the rights guaranteed to you by the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States , to give any information that may tend to incriminate you or subject you to fine , penalty or forfeiture .
Please do not use the SEC seal or any of the other logos or artwork from this site .
In addition , please be advised that the EDGAR logo and the EDGAR and EDGARLink names are the SEC 's registered trademarks .
You may not use them in connection with an EDGAR-related business without a license from the SEC .

Thank you for visiting Sephora.com .
Sephora USA , Inc .
( Sephora ) is committed to protecting your privacy .
Topics covered in this policy :
> What Our Privacy Policy Covers
> What Personal Information Is Collected
> When Personal Information Is Collected
> How Sephora Protects Your Information
> How Sephora Uses Your Personal Information
> How to Avoid Receiving Newslettters and Other Sephora Materials
> Who Views Your Personal Information
> Cookies , Pixel Tags and Tracking
> Making a Purchase
> Children Under 13
> Social Commerce and Other Third Parties
> Questions About This Policy
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our beauty offerings and this policy will govern those new Sites when added .
You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device ( through an iPhone or iPad application , for example ) and this policy governs your use of our Sites regardless of the means of access .
Except as otherwise described below , this policy does not cover the privacy practices of those Third Party Sites , or of companies that Sephora does not own or control , or the actions of people that Sephora does not employ or manage .
You should check the privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through Third Party Sites .
Our terms of use for the Sites give you more information about how we can interact with you via Third Party Sites .
Our Privacy Policy may change in the future .
We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes .
If we make any material changes , we will post a notice on our home page and will obtain your consent if the material changes affect the way we use the personally identifiable information we have already collected from you .
By using the Sites or applying for BI Membership , you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy .
If you do not like the terms of our Privacy Policy , you should not use our Sites or apply for BI Membership .
For more information about the terms of use for this site , please visit our Terms of Use page .
What Personal Information Is Collected
Depending on how you use Sephora , we may ask you to share personal information with us .
Whether you choose to give Sephora information is completely up to you , but keep in mind that if you withhold information , you may not be able to use some of our services .
When Personal Information Is Collected
Sephora will ask you for information , including some personal information , if you use one of several services :
Becoming a Registered User of Sephora.com .
In order to become a registered user of Sephora.com , you need to share some personal information , such as your name and e-mail address .
You do not have to be a registered user to visit the Sites .
But , you will have to register if you want to place orders or make full use of our services .
Once you register , you will have an account with Sephora and a password to access that account .
You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password .
You should keep your registration current and complete .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password .
Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password .
We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission .
Making a Purchase on Sephora.com .
When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information .
By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com .
You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page .
If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions .
You can access this section using your registration password .
Applying for BI Membership .
You can apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or in person at a Store , including any Sephora Inside JCPenney ( SiJCP ) location operated by J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc .
( JCPenney ) .
You do not need a BI Membership to visit the Sites or to make a purchase at Sephora.com or a Store or a SiJCP location .
To apply for BI Membership , we ask you to share some personal information , such as your name , birthday , phone number , mailing address and e-mail address .
Once you have BI Membership , you will have an account with Sephora tied to the e-mail address provided upon application .
You can amend your information by ( i ) calling our Customer Service , ( ii ) visiting a Store or a SiJCP location and speaking with a cast member , or ( iii ) signing in to Sephora.com using the e-mail address you provided upon application , going to the My Account page and following the instructions .
You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password .
You should keep your BI Membership current and complete .
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password .
Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password .
We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission .
Sweepstakes , Contests and Surveys at Sephora.com .
If at Sephora.com you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or answer a survey , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't one already ) .
We may also ask you for some demographic information , such as your age .
If you choose not to answer , you probably will not be able to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or survey .
Our Interactive Services .
We have a number of ways to hear your opinions and feedback .
We like to answer your questions .
We offer several interactive services , including BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews and Question & Answer services .
We may offer other interactive services in the future and this Privacy Policy will govern your use of those services .
If you want to use any of these interactive services , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora .
Please review our terms of use for the Sites because they explain the way you can participate in our interactive services in more detail .
Our Ratings & Reviews or Question & Answer services .
When you use the Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora .
Gift Advisor and Beauty Advisor .
If you are not already registered and you send an e-mail to our Gift or Beauty Advisor , we will create a registration profile for you .
This will make you a registered user .
We may also collect information about e-mails that you send to our advisors .
We use this information for product and site analysis only .
Product Availability Notifications .
If a product that you want to purchase at Sephora.com is not in stock , you can choose to provide us your e-mail address so that we can notify you when the product becomes available again .
You do not need to be a registered user to receive a product availability notification .
Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format , such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook or Twitter or in the user-generated content elements of our own Sites , we consider that information to be public information - and not personal information .
How Sephora Protects Your Information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information .
We take that task seriously .
We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information .
We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( `` SSL '' ) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site .
SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception .
We never display your full credit card number once it has been entered .
We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes .
We urge you to protect your own privacy .
We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail .
Unfortunately , despite all of our efforts , there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions .
For example , we can not ensure the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of your data on an iPhone ( or other telephone device that can use iPhone applications ) or on your Twitter page or on another computer .
This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use .
As a result , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit , and you transmit all information at your own risk .
How Sephora Uses Your Personal Information
Sephora collects personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use .
We usually use this information for internal purposes , such as studying our customers ' preferences .
We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes .
In the event that another company buys the assets or stock of Sephora , your personal information may then belong to another entity .
How to Avoid Receiving Newslettters and Other Sephora Materials
We use e-mail addresses and mailing addresses to send out newsletters and other announcements with information about Sephora 's new products , gifts and special features .
In addition , if you use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location and your client profile indicates that you have not unsubscribed from receiving advertising , marketing materials and other communications from Sephora , JCPenney may help Sephora send those communications .
After you become a registered user of Sephora.com or have a BI Membership , you can choose not to receive these announcements by opting-out of delivery .
If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages , look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list .
You can also edit your e-mail preferences at Sephora.com 's My Account page .
Who Views Your Personal Information
Sephora may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us , such as fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mails , analyzing customer data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , investigating fraudulent activity , conducting customer surveys , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes .
Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies .
Except as otherwise described below , only Sephora has the right to access this information .
We currently share aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners .
This information does not identify individual users .
Any personal information that you include in your profile or in any content submitted when using our interactive services like BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services or through Third Party Sites will be displayed on our Sites , so please consider this before submitting any such content .
Please do n't submit any information that you do n't want the whole world to know !
Personal information may be disclosed if required by law .
Sephora does not currently sell or license personal information .
Before selling or licensing your personal information , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page .
If you apply for BI Membership at a SiJCP location or use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location , the personal information collected from you will be used and disclosed by Sephora as indicated above , but Sephora will also need to share that personal information with JCPenney so you can enjoy the benefits of your BI Membership at any SiJCP location .
JCPenney has agreed that any information obtained about you by JCPenney through your application for BI Membership or your use of your BI Membership at a SiJCP location ( SiJCP Information ) will be used only to administer the Beauty Insider Program , for internal analysis to make your shopping experience at the SiJCP locations better and to help Sephora communicate with you by e-mail or direct mail ( unless you have unsubscribed from e-mail or direct mail from Sephora ) .
JCPenney may also share SiJCP Information with its service providers solely to perform the above functions related to the Beauty Insider Program at SiJCP , subject to an agreement from such service providers to keep the SiJCP Information confidential .
JCPenney has also agreed that it will not otherwise use , rent , sell or share SiJCP Information .
If you do not wish to have SiJCP Information made available to JCPenney , you should apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or at any Store , but not at a SiJCP location and you should not use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location .
Except for personal information shared with JCPenney as set forth above , at this time , Sephora does not share any personal information with its other affiliates .
It is possible that this policy will change in the future .
If we do decide to share information with our other affiliates , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page .
If you choose to use Sephora 's Beauty Insider Pass in the Passbook application on your Apple mobile device , your email address and Beauty Insider status , point balance and any Beauty Insider rewards earned will be displayed on the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass on your Apple mobile device , so please consider this before downloading the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass .
We recommend that you use the Passcode Lock security setting on your Apple mobile device and always safeguard your device to prevent other people from accessing your Beauty Insider account or redeeming your rewards without your permission if you download the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass onto your Apple mobile device .
In addition , you will receive notifications that may be based on your personal information , including your accumulated Beauty Insider points , rewards status , birthday and/or your device 's location , and you must opt out of these notifications or location-based services on the back of the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass if you do not wish to receive these notifications or allow the Pass to use your location to send you location-based notifications .
Cookies , Pixel Tags and Tracking
Sephora wants to give you the best possible experience when you visit Sephora.com and our other Sites .
We like to constantly update and improve the features on our Sites , we like to personalize your browsing and shopping experience and we like to recognize you when you return to Sephora.com .
We have a variety of ways of doing this .
We collect information about how you use our Sites by setting and accessing cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small data file that identifies the web browser on a particular computer .
No personal information is stored in the cookie itself .
When you visit one of our Sites , a cookie will be sent to your browser and then stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We use these cookies to track information about how often you visit our web site , what pages you view , and where you go after you leave the site .
We also link the visitor ID from your cookie to a user ID in our database to help us analyze web traffic and statistics .
Other companies help us with data research and analysis , but they are prohibited from using that data for any other purpose .
Cookies also help us improve your shopping experience by , among other things , keeping track of your preferences , recognizing you if you are a registered user , and tracking your order as you shop on Sephora.com .
If any of your personal information needs to be accessed during that process , you will have to log in or otherwise authenticate yourself .
If you do n't like cookies , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it .
For instructions , look at your browser 's Help menu .
Note that certain features of Sephora.com may not be available if you delete or reject cookies .
We use pixel tags ( also called web beacons or `` clear '' gifs ) on our Sites .
They help us analyze what our clients like to do on our Sites and the effectiveness of our features and advertising .
They can also help us customize your browsing and shopping experience .
We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personally identifiable information .
We may also combine personally identifiable information you provide to Sephora with other personal information ( such as purchase history and demographic information ) .
We often work with other companies to help us track , collect and analyze this information but they are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose .
Sephora also works with advertising partners ( like Google and DoubleClick ) that use cookies , pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients , including Sephora , across the Internet , including to you after you have visited our Sites .
These advertising partners engage in remarketing , online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting .
With respect to Sephora , these advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet ( including our Sites ) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications .
This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet .
Sephora will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and can then use it in combination with personally identifiable information provided by you to Sephora to enhance your experience on our Sites .
We will not share that personally identifiable information with these advertising partners .
When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information .
By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com .
You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page .
If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions .
You can access this section using your registration password .
We comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 .
If you are under the age of 13 , you can look at our Sites , but you can not make a purchase .
You also can not become a registered user , apply for BI Membership , or use any service on our Sites that asks for personal information .
Our Sites are not designed for children .
We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 13 .
This policy is designed to protect children .
Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children 's privacy .
For more information about this federal law and about children 's privacy , click here .
If you register with us or apply for BI Membership , and we discover that you are under 13 , we will delete such registration or BI Membership .
We will send you a message if we do this .
If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase , please ask a parent to place the order for you .
Social Commerce and Other Third Parties
We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks .
Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace , Delicious and Digg .
All of these companies operate Third Party Sites .
We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network .
The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party .
Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered `` public information '' by us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available .
If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites , you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information .
We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed .
Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing .
If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information .
Sephora is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you .
However , we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you .
Facebook 's `` Like '' feature is a good example .
( Other third parties have or may have similar ways for you to express positive opinions about our products - now or in the future . )
We have agreed to allow Facebook 's `` Like '' feature to run alongside images of our products so you can `` like '' one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users `` like '' each of our products .
You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you `` like '' a product and may post that information to your `` News Feed '' on Facebook and to your Facebook profile 's `` Wall '' and `` Info '' pages .
So , the fact that you `` like '' one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network .
This would be true for your friends too .
If they `` like '' one of our products , you will see it on his or her News Feed , Wall or Info pages .
Finally , by `` liking '' one of our products , you consent to the display of that information by us .
If you do not wish this to happen , you should not click that you `` like '' a product and you should review your privacy settings on Facebook ( or similar Third Party Site ) .
Note that we are not obligated to display someone 's name , profile photo or other `` public '' Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user `` likes '' one of our products .
We reserve the right to remove the information of any person which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our company .
We may remove from our Sites , in our sole discretion , any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto .
We may decide to operate a Friends Store through Facebook ( or comparable store on another Third Party Site ) in the future .
If we operate a Friends Store , and you `` connect '' with Facebook ( using Facebook Connect or other connecting application ) to the Friends Store on the Sites , you will be able to browse to discover which products are `` liked '' by your Facebook friends and by the larger Facebook community .
If you are a Facebook user and you say that you `` like '' a product on our Sites or that you `` like '' Sephora , Sephora may then request that Facebook make your name , Facebook photo and other public profile information under the terms of Facebook 's privacy policy available to the Friends Store .
This information may then be displayed alongside the product in the Friends Store on our Sites to indicate that you `` like '' the product .
The actual information that may be displayed in the Friends Store will vary depending on what information is made publicly available on Facebook.com .
Sephora will collect and keep your Facebook profile identification only as long as is needed to operate the Friends Store .
If you would like to opt out of advertisers ' cookies that track anonymous information , click here
Questions About This Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , or the content or practices of our website , you can contact Sephora directly at :
Sephora USA , Inc .
525 Market Street , 11th Floor
San Francisco , CA 94105

Privacy policy at SFGate
For general inquiries , contact the Chronicle operator .
Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy .
( a ) This privacy policy describes how San Francisco Chronicle , a division of Hearst Communications , Inc. , publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , `` Newspaper '' ) , treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , `` Covered Sites '' ) .
For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an `` Affiliate '' , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests .
For the purposes of this policy , `` Personally Identifiable Information '' is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing .
By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy .
( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) .
This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site .
Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites .
( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy .
For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a `` Covered Site '' and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website .
( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes .
( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features .
All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy .
( a ) Information You Provide .
Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide .
For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities .
Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested .
If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view .
( b ) Cookies .
( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies .
Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media .
We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information .
Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 .
Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( `` Anonymous Information '' ) .
We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose .
( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf .
We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom .
( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them .
However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently .
Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted .
Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies .
We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content .
( c ) Gifs .
We may use `` clear GIFs '' ( aka `` web beacons '' or `` pixel tags '' ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message .
A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message .
A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information .
( d ) IP Address .
Your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university .
Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers .
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites .
We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others .
( e ) Location Information .
We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( `` WAP Services '' ) or mobile phone service ( `` Mobile Services '' ) .
We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service .
By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described .
( f ) Third Parties .
We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper .
Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy .
Use of Information .
( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested .
If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newspaper .
Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries .
We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers .
We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below .
( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes .
( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( `` User Registration '' ) .
You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) .
You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration .
You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) .
When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives .
We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes .
( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q & A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper .
If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you .
Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising .
( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you .
We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion .
Disclosure of Your Information
( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations :
( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( `` Service Provider Exception '' ) .
( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing .
Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection .
Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest .
The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies .
( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper .
( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) .
( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you .
( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc . ) ;
( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the `` Legal Exceptions '' ) .
( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( `` Acquisition Exception '' ) .
( b ) Social Networks .
If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( `` SNS '' ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( `` SNS Terms '' ) .
If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election .
The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them .
( c ) Third Party Partners .
Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis .
Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party .
In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features .
Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner .
We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect .
These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy .
One of our third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC .
The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry .
( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content .
( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you .
In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies .
In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content .
These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media .
Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media .
You may also visit sfgate.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate .
Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner .
( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies .
This may include information we received from you offline or online .
These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) .
We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them .
These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes .
( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights..
California 's `` Shine the Light '' law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing .
We have such a policy in place .
Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws .
Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities .
Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws .
For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users .
( b ) Mobile Opt-out .
We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( `` SMS Service '' ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 .
You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying `` STOP '' or following the instructions provided in the message .
( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper .
From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties .
If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at sfgate.com .
Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site .
If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link .
( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties .
From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes .
This may be information we received from you offline and online .
If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages .
( e ) Exceptions .
If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service .
Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above .
( f ) Device Settings .
Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings .
Wireless Email Address , Short Message Services and WAP .
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties .
Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services .
We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services .
If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes .
Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties .
To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States .
We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages .
We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies .
By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above .
You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages .
You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges .
Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information .
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information .
Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security .
Kids And Parents .
The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 .
If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties .
Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so .
There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online .
If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country .
By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York .
Changes to This privacy policy .
This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites .
Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
Last Update : October 18 , 2012

This section covers Shaadi.com 's treatment of personally identifiable information that Shaadi.com collects when you are on our site .
Read on for information on the following aspects about our Privacy Policy :
What information does Shaadi.com collect/track about me ?
What does Shaadi.com do with the information it collects/tracks ?
With whom does Shaadi.com share the information it collects/tracks ?
Tell me about links with other sites .
Tell me about Cookies .
Tell me about Shaadi.com policy on correcting , updating or removing personal information .
How will I know of changes in Shaadi.com privacy policy ?
Tell me about security of my personal information .
Tell me about Shaadi.com 's email policy .
Tell me how to contact Shaadi.com .
Please email us with questions regarding this statement .
What information does Shaadi.com collect/track about me
Shaadi.com is an advertising platform providing targeted advertising services for matrimonial alliance .
In order to do provide the services , we ask for certain personal information which is displayed on the site .
( This information includes physical / mental disability . )
( Of course , all Shaadi.com visitors may browse the site , search member profiles and view any articles or features our site has to offer without entering any personal information . )
Information Collected/Tracked by Shaadi.com
Shaadi.com gathers two types of information :
Information users submit ; and
Information not directly submitted .
There are two types of user-submitted information we collect : Public and Private .
We define Public information as personal information that may be displayed on the site at the behest of the member , such as gender , age , height , telephone number , photograph , etc .
Private information is defined as any information that allows others to contact a user other than through Shaadi.com or allows the collection of information about the user other than what is displayed on the site .
Public : To order to make the services of advertising to the relevant targeted members , we gather personal information , which may or may not include : customer-specified Shaadi.com username , gender , age , religion , income range , profession , telephone number , preference/lifestyle information , general geographic location , photograph and horoscope .
Private : This information is gathered from members and guests who apply for the various services our site offers .
This information includes , but is not limited to : email address , first name , last name , credit card number or checking account information for payment , a user-specified password , mailing address , zip code and telephone number .
Shaadi.com also allows members to submit public and private information on behalf of others - child/ward , sibling or friend .
If such child/ward , sibling or friend does not wish this information to be displayed , she/he has the option to request removal of such information after providing the necessary evidence that the information pertains to her/him .
FRAMING : We utilize framing techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the web site when they are actually on a third party web site .
SURVEYS & CONTESTS : From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
Information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code , and age ) .
SHAADI.COM AFFILIATE PARTNERS : The Affiliate Partner program is a vehicle for other websites to link to Shaadi.com .
No personal member information is exchanged with the Affiliate Partner .
Additional Features of the Site : -
TESTIMONIALS : Satisfied users of Shaadi.com have chosen to post testimonials on our web site .
All permissions have been obtained to post these testimonials .
LIVE CHAT : Shaadi.com has tied up with LIVE person for it 's live chat feature .
Information you provide on chat is stored on the LIVE person 's server but is not used by them .
Shaadi.com also saves chats for tracking and MIS purpose .
MESSENGER : If you use our online instant messaging function on this Web site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of this platform , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in this platform .
Information not directly submitted
AGGREGATE : This is information we collect that is not personally identifiable , such as browser type and IP address .
This information is gathered for all users to the site .
What does Shaadi.com do with the information it collects/tracks
Shaadi.com uses the information it collects in the following ways :
Public : Public information supplied by members is an advertisement intended to be viewed by visitors to the site .
This information is used by visitors for searching and matching purposes .
Public information can not be used to identify a specific member by address , etc ( except photograph , posting of which is voluntary ) .
All members also have an option to post their telephone number .
The members can choose to display the telephone number to premium members only .
This display preference can be changed anytime by the member by visiting the My Contact Details page and opting not to display the telephone number and other contact details to other members .
Only premium members can view telephone number ( s ) of other members who have opted to show their contact details to premium members .
Private : We primarily use member 's email addresses to verify enrollment and to send system emails on behalf of other members .
Email addresses are not disclosed to members .
We may also use user 's email address to send news regarding our site or our group sites , but the users may choose not to receive such emails by unsubscribing .
Email addresses may also be used in private correspondence with the user for customer service issues .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
All other private information submitted by the user is confidential and is not disclosed except as required by law or to protect members of Shaadi.com .
All private information except financial information submitted during the process of a financial transaction & certain account-related information collected at the time of registration can be updated or deleted by the user at any time , as follows : -
Updating public information :
Login to your Shaadi.com account
Click on My Profile
Use Edit options in the page to update relevant information and submit
NOTE : To prevent misuse of the system , some information such as date of birth can be changed only on request .
To do so , go to Help and use the Write to Customer Relations option .
Updating private information :
Login to your Shaadi.com account
Click on My Account
Update relevant information and submit
SURVEYS & CONTESTS : Contact and other information collected for contests is used to notify the winners and award prizes .
Survey information collected is used to monitor or improve the site usage experience..
SHAADI.COM 'S AFFILIATE PARTNERS : Information submitted by the Affiliate Partner is used for establishing and maintaining a business relationship .
No personal or business information is shared outside the relationship between Shaadi.com and the Affiliate Partner .
Affiliate Partners may not view or access private information of Shaadi.com subscribers .
Shaadi.com allows members to write messages to other members to advertise there personal profile for matrimonial alliance .
While Shaadi.com exercises reasonable care to prevent site misuse , we strongly recommend you establish the authenticity and intent of members before giving out personally identifiable information in such messages .
Information not directly submitted
We use your server IP address , and browser-type related information in the general administration of our website .
As a matrimonial service we endeavour to provide transparency in the dealings of members on our website .
Hence , we display details such as Last Online date in member profiles , and also provide notifications of read messages to the sending member .
We may store member login ids of users and their IP addresses for certain activities they perform for security purposes in order to track down the person in case of illegal activities .
With whom does Shaadi.com share the information it collects/tracks
Except where you are expressly informed on the site or as described in this privacy policy we do not sell , rent , share , trade or give away any of your personal information .
However , we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
Shaadi.com may tie-up with partners to bring you various services ( e.g . Shaadi Shop , posting ads in publications ) .
However , Shaadi.com will never share your personal information , without your express permission .
Still , we encourage you to review the privacy policy of the partner for questions about their use , any personally identifiable information that you may separately submit to such partner .
Tell me about links with other sites
Shaadi.com may contain links to other websites .
Please be aware that Shaadi.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites .
We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our site , and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Shaadi.com .
Tell me about Cookies
Shaadi.com uses cookies to deliver various services and to keep track of your personal preferences .
A cookie is a small text file that can be entered into the memory of your browser to : -
help a website recognize repeat users ;
facilitate the user 's ongoing access to and use of the site ;
allow a site to track usage behavior ;
compile aggregate data for content improvements ; and
undertake targeted advertising .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , most browsers contain a function that allows a user to deny the cookie feature .
You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion .
Please note that the use of cookies is a necessary part of the Shaadi.com technology and is necessary if you wish to access Shaadi.com .
Disabling the cookie feature on your browser or deleting cookie files from your computer will render you unable to access certain features on Shaadi.com and participate in its services .
Cookies may also be necessary to provide the user with certain features such as customized delivery of information .
Consequently cookies we serve are tied to the user 's personally identifiable information .
Shaadi.com uses cookies to provide its services , to deliver content specific to your interests , to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit different pages on our site , and for other purposes .
Please note that cookies are used only to recollect information sent to your computer from Shaadi.com .
We CAN NOT access any information not sent by Shaadi.com .
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site ( for example , advertisers ) .
However , we have no access to or control over these cookies .
Tell me about Shaadi.com policy on correcting , updating or removing personal information
Shaadi.com allows you to modify or remove both public and private information from our database .
Private information such as financial information submitted during the process of a financial transaction & certain account-related information collected at the time of registration however can not be changed or removed by the user .
How will I know of changes in Shaadi.com privacy policy
If we make a material change to our privacy policy , we will prominently post a link to those changes on our Homepage so you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify you by way of an email .
We will give you a choice as to whether or not we can use information in this different manner and act accordingly .
Tell me about security of my personal information
Shaadi.com takes every precaution to protect your information , both online and offline .
When our registration/order process asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) , such information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL .
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online , we also do everything in our power to protect your information offline .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transaction and once we receive it .
All your information , not just the sensitive information mentioned above , is restricted in our offices .
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example , a billing clerk or a customer service representative ) are granted access to personally identifiable information .
We have also done everything in our power to prevent misuse of photographs .
Apart from not allowing photographs to be downloaded or copied , we have watermarked them with the Shaadi.com logo .
This acts as a further deterrent for illegal use elsewhere .
If you have any questions about the security at our website , please email us .
Tell me about Shaadi.com 's email policy
We use email extensively to help you find your match on Shaadi.com .
Our main email products and services include :
Member responses to your profile ( called Contact Alert ) ;
Partner matches for you ( called Match Mail ) ; and
Newsletters updating you of the latest features on our site .
Occasionally , we may also send you :
Announcements of special events which Shaadi.com is associated with ; or
Special offers from partner sites or group sites , which we believe are useful for you .
As a Shaadi.com member , you are automatically subscribed to all of the above , as an integral part of our matchmaking services to you .
However , at any time , you may choose to manage your subscriptions to one or more of the above ( except Contact Alert ) .
All our emails will carry a link to help you do this .
You can also independently manage your email subscription using the My Alerts Manager option .
We reiterate that we will never sell / rent out your email address to any third party , unless you expressly permit us to do so .
In fact , we do not allow ANYONE to see your email address , not even other Shaadi.com members .
Your friend 's email address : Throughout Shaadi.com , you have the option to send interesting profiles / articles to your friends .
Do make full use of this option , because your friends are also covered by Shaadi.com 's spam-free privacy policy .
We will use your friend 's email address only to send a one-time message to them per request .
Then they will never ever hear from us again unless they voluntarily subscribe to our services .
Tell me how to contact Shaadi.com
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , please email us or contact us at .
People Interactive ( I ) Pvt . Ltd .
Unit no 4 , Film Centre Building , Tardeo AC Market , Tardeo , Mumbai - 400034 Phone : 1860-200-3456 ( Standard Charges apply )

( Effective November , 2010 )
The singular term `` Website '' includes all websites listed above and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent , mirror , replacement , substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Website .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , including our successors , parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , and related companies , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , address , email address , and phone number when registering with our Website , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information : Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Mac OS , etc . ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc . ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
We may share or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners , list rental/purchasing agencies , and persons or entities with whom we have marketing , business , or other relationships .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
Whether or not you opt-out is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
( 2 ) Non-Personal Information : We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
( 1 ) IP Addresses : An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 2 ) Cookies , etc . : `` Cookies '' are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website and third-party content providers that serve content on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
( 3 ) Email Communications : If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future commercial email communications from us by following the instructions at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
( 4 ) Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
( 5 ) Other : Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
( 6 ) Your California Privacy Rights : Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
We may provide you with the opportunity to register for special promotions , services , and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information , either by registering on the Website or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by our third party affiliates .
The information requested as part of the online registration process may include your telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional information may be requested for specific promotions .
Depending on the promotion , we may also collect an email address or other contact information , and you may also be required to confirm your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
If you register for wireless marketing services , you understand and agree that you will be charged by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to a your wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
You may cancel one or more services via your wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by at the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` UNSUBSCRIBE . ''
We will then terminate your registration for the most recent wireless service sent to you .
If you unsubscribe , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel your previous opt-in .
You understand , acknowledge and agree that we may , in our sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
We may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for anyone under 18 years of age .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT CAREFULLY .
It explains how Sharecare , Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities ( collectively , `` Sharecare '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' ) collects information about you ( whether you 're a parent or a child ) through our websites and how this information is then used or disclosed .
Our websites expressly include any Sharecare top-level-domain as well as any Sharecare redirects to Sharecare branded areas and sub-domains of third-party websites , specifically including Dr.Oz and Dailystrength ( as such websites and top-level-domains may be renamed from time to time ) .
This privacy policy statement does not apply to those of our websites that do not display or link to this privacy policy statement or that have their own privacy policy statement or to information we may collect from you or about you in other ways , including through emails you may send to us .
We may update this statement from time to time by posting the updated terms on our websites .
You are responsible for periodically reading this statement .
If you use our websites after we have updated this statement , you acknowledge that you have read the updated terms and consent to our revised privacy practices .
This privacy policy statement describes our privacy practices , including what information we collect from you through our websites , and what we then do with this information .
If you are a minor , please be sure to get your parents to review and discuss this privacy policy statement with you , and get their permission , before using our websites .
We encourage parents to talk about what information their children should and should n't share online , and other restrictions about the online release of personal information to anyone they do n't know .
We hope that our privacy practices as described in this statement will remove any concerns that parents may have about their children visiting our websites .
We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of [ 13 ] .
By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read this privacy policy statement and consent to our privacy practices as described in this statement , including our use and disclosure of personal information for the purposes described below .
You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites .
This statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any person .
Residents of the State of California , please also read Your California Privacy Rights to understand additional rights you may have pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 .
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT , PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR WEBSITES .
Information we Collect Through our Websites
This privacy policy statement only applies to information that we collect through our websites , and does not apply to any information we collect through any other means .
We collect two types of information from you and other visitors to our websites : ( 1 ) `` personally identifiable information '' ( as described below ) and ( 2 ) non-personally identifiable information ( as described below ) .
`` Personally identifiable information '' is information that identifies you personally , such as your name , address , telephone number , email address , or company name .
Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your personally identifiable information through our websites :
we may collect your email address , first and last name , and zip code , if you sign up for an online newsletter ;
we may collect your email address if you contact us with a question ;
we may collect your first and last name , date of birth , and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes ; and
we may collect your first and last name , your address , and your credit card and billing information to enable you to make a purchase .
`` Non-personally identifiable information '' can be technical information or it can be demographic information , such as your age , gender , or interests.Non-personally identifiable information does not identify you personally .
If you do provide us with non-personally identifiable information , we may use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose .
Here are some examples of the ways in which we may collect and store your non-personally identifiable information through our websites , and how we use such information :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) address .
Your `` IP address '' is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data , such as the screens and pages of our websites that you view.We use this information to deliver our screens and pages to you upon request , to tailor our websites to the interests of you and our other visitors , and to measure traffic to and within our websites .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on our websites .
For example , when you visit a screen or page on our websites , a cookie is placed on your machine ( if you or your browser accept the cookie ) .
This cookie may then be read by screen or pages on our websites.You may configure your browser to notify you or to reject and block cookies , but if you do , you may not have access to some areas of our websites , or to the personalized features of our websites .
A `` web beacon '' , `` clear gif '' , `` web bug '' , or `` pixel tag '' is a tiny graphic file with a unique identifier , that is similar in function to a cookie , but allows us to count the number of users that have visited certain pages or screens of our websites , and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns .
When used in HTML-formatted email messages , web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened .
In contrast to cookies , which may be stored on your computer 's hard drive , web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on pages or screens .
`` Demographic information '' may be your gender , age , zip code , and interests .
We may collect such information about your through our websites and use it to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure that our websites and services and the information on them is targeted to meet your needs .
Please note that we also consider aggregated information , which is not personally identifiable , to be non-personally identifiable information .
If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us , do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page .
Use Of Information Collected Through Our Websites
Personally identifiable information .
If you do provide us with personally identifiable information , we will only use it for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected .
Primarily , we use it on our websites to :
help us create and public content most relevant to you ;
allow you access to certain areas of our websites ;
register you as a member and develop your profile and enable you to take advantage of our the personalized features of our websites ;
deliver services , such as educational programs , information , newsletters , or software that you request or purchase ;
alert you to special officers , updated information , and our other new services or those of other third-parties ;
forward promotional materials and to fulfill the terms of such promotion ;
complete a transaction or service requested by you ;
target our websites to your needs ;
identify you as a poster or provider of content ; and
contact you in response to sign up forms such as `` Contact Us '' or `` Order Inquiry '' .
Non-personally identifiable information .
We may use non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information Collected Through our Websites
Personally identifiable information .
Primarily , we may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances :
To fulfill a service to you .
For example , if you choose to watch an educational video available on our websites , we may share your personally identifiable information to provide the program to you .
In addition , if you email us a question , we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question .
Also , if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest , we may use your personally identifiable information to fulfill the terms of that promotion , including for prize fulfillment purposes or with mail carriers .
We also may share your information with co-sponsors of such promotion .
To offer you products from our affiliates , strategic partners , agents , or from third-party marketers and other unaffiliated parties that we believe may be of interest to you , or to assist such parties for research , administrative , and/or business purposes .
These parties may contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service , or they may use such information for their own research , administration or business purposes .
To unaffiliated third-party service providers , agents , or independent contractors who help us maintain our websites and us with other administrative services ( including , but not limited to , order processing and fulfillment , providing customer service , maintaining and analyzing data , sending customer communications on our behalf , and entry collection , winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests , sweepstakes , and other promotions ) .
We seek to ensure that such unaffiliated third-parties will not use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than that for which they are responsible.However , we can not guarantee that they will not use it for any other purpose .
To complete your purchase .
If you choose to make a purchase on or through our websites , we may ask you for your credit card number , billing address , and other information in connection with completing such purchase , and we may use such information to fulfill your purchase .
We may also provide such information , or other personally identifiable information provided by you , to unaffiliated third-parties to complete your purchase ( for example , to process your credit card ) .
To comply with law , or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law , or comply with legal process served on us , and to protect and defend our rights or property , including our rights and property and our websites , or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of you and our other visitors .
To third parties as part of a corporate reorganization process including , but not limited to , mergers , acquisitions , and sales of all or substantially all of our assets .
To track and analyze non-identifying , aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties .
To protect against fraud and potential fraud .
We may verify the information our websites through third parties .
In the course of such verification , we may receive additional personally identifiable information about you from such services .
In particular , if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us , we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address match the information you supplied to us , and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen .
Non-personally identifiable information .
We may share and disclose your non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected , or any other legal purpose , including , when and where applicable , sharing and disclosing non-personally identifiable information combined with personally identifiable information .
International Transfer of Information
We may transfer information that we collect about you , including personally identifiable information , to subsidiary and affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world .
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that you are transferring information about you , including personally identifiable information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union , and you consent to :
the transfer of information about you , including personally identifiable information , to the U.S. ; and
the use and disclosure of information about you , including personally identifiable information , as described in this privacy policy statement .
Access to Information and Parental Access
As a registered member , you can review and update your profile at anytime by logging-in and visiting the `` My Profile '' page .
In addition , a parent can review or request deletion of any personal information we have about their child , or request that there be no further collection or use of their child 's information , by completing this form .
We take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child , to ensure that the person is in fact the child 's parent or guardian , and appreciate your cooperation with those steps .
We communicate with our registered members on a regular basis via email .
For example , we may use your email address to confirm your request , to send you notice of payments , to send you information about changes to our products and services , and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law .
Generally , users can not opt-out of these communications , but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional .
However , we do provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of :
receiving other types of communication from us , such as emails or updates regarding new services and products offered on or through our websites and any new features or services on our websites ;
sharing or disclosing your personally identifiable information with third parties .
You may exercise your opt-out by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box , if such checkbox where such information is collected , or by contacting us .
We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible , but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until your request is processed .
You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link within the text of the applicable email .
Forums , Chat Rooms , and Other Public Posting Areas
We may provide public areas on our websites , such as forums and chat rooms , where you can post information about yourself and others.Please exercise discretion and use caution with respect to your information , especially in such public areas .
We do not control who reads postings on our websites , or how they may use or disclose such information.If you choose to voluntarily disclose information on public portions of our websites , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS IN PUBLIC AREAS OF OUR WEBSITES.WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INFORMATION .
Third-Party Websites and Advertisers
Our websites may contain links to third-party websites .
While we endeavor to work with third-parties that share our respect for user privacy , we are not responsible for the websites or privacy practices of such third-parties .
We may also use third-party advertisers , ad networks , and other advertising , marketing , and promotional companies , to serve advertisements on our websites .
Such third parties may gather information about your visit to our websites or other websites , monitor your access to or market products or services to you , monitor the ads you view , click-on , or interact with , when they were delivered , and the screens and pages that they are on .
We do not endorse these parties , their content , or any products and services they offer .
You are responsible for knowing when you are leaving our website to visit a third-party website , and for reading and understanding the terms of use and privacy policy statements for each such third party .
No data transmissions over the Internet are completely secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or others over the Internet .
You transmit such information at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
However , this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of such firewalls or secure server software .
If we learn of a breach of our security system or processes , we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using our websites , or providing personally identifiable information to us through them , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of our websites .
In the event of a breach , we may post a notice on our websites or send you an email at the email address you provided .
YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS TO RECEIVE WRITTEN NOTICE OF SECURITY BREACHES UNDER APPLICABLE LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION .
You can also help us protect information about you by :
using only secure web browsers ;
employing common anti-virus and anti-malware tools on your system to keep it safe ;
carefully logging out after using our websites ;
using a strong password with a combination of letters and numbers .
changing your password often ; and
by notifying us if you feel your login and/or password have been compromised .
You consent to our assignment of the information we have about you , including personally identifiable information , in the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party , including all or substantially all of our websites or our top-level-domain , or in the event of a merger for the same .
Please read our terms of use to understand the terms that apply to your use of our websites .
By using our websites , you acknowledge that you have read our terms of use and consent to them .
You further affirm your consent by becoming a registered member or submitting content or materials to or through our websites .
Sharecare , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Officer
3280 Peachtree Road NE , Suite 600
Atlanta , Georgia 30305
These terms of use were last updated and posted on August 31 , 2009 .
California Residents - Your Privacy Rights
( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 )
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( `` California customer '' ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
In general , if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information , upon receipt of a request by a California customer , the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year , as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed .
However , under the law , a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public ( in its privacy policy statement ) a policy of not disclosing customer 's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure , as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy .
Rather , the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right .
As stated in our privacy policy statement , we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting-in to receive information from a third party .
To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party , do not opt-in to such use when you provide personal information on our website .
Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party , your information will be subject to the third-party 's privacy policies and practices .
If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information , you will need to contact the third party directly , as we have no control over how third parties use information .
You should always review the privacy policies and practices of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information .
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year , and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address .

This privacy policy ( this Privacy Policy ) was last modified on December 12 , 2013 .
( collectively , the Website )
SheKnows , LLC , an Arizona limited liability company ( Company , we , or us ) , knows that you care how information about you is used and shared .
This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Website , any mobile versions of the Website , any applications published by the Company that you download from the Website or from a third-party , and other related services ( the Service ) , how the information will be used and how you can control the collection , correction and/or deletion of information .
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy .
User-Provided Information : You provide us information about yourself , such as your name and email address , when you register with the Service .
Also , you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests , message boards and chat rooms and other interactive areas of our Website ( all such information and material , User Content ) .
If you correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our responses .
Cookies Information : When you visit the Website , we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer , mobile or other device ( Local Device Storage ) that uniquely identifies your browser or device and allows Company to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website .
A cookie does not collect personal information about you from which your individual identity can be established .
Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies .
A persistent cookie remains in your Local Device Storage after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's or Local Device Storage 's directions .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
You can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Therefore , some features of the Service may not function properly or at all if the ability to accept all cookies is disabled .
Other cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to help us and advertisers make suggestions relevant to you and your interests .
They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers .
For example , we use third parties to provide you with more personalized advertisements when visiting other websites .
You can change the settings on your browser or Local Device Storage to prevent cookies being stored on your Local Device Storage without your explicit consent .
Your browser help section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings .
Social Networking : If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third-party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile and other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services .
For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service .
Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service .
Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary .
However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third-party social networking services may make available to our Service by vising those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , share and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy as all of your other information .
Log File Information : Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page .
When you register with or view our Website , our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website .
These server logs may include information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and other such information .
Information Storage : Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction .
Be advised that Company may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere .
Your consent to the Company 's Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information represents your agreement to any such transfer .
Clear Gifs Information : When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously .
No personally identifiable information from your Company account is collected using these clear gifs .
In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients .
The information is used to enable more accurate reporting , improve the effectiveness of our marketing and make us better for our users .
New Technology : As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way , but are protected by confidentiality .
How We Use Your Information
We use the information you submit ( including any personal information ) to operate , maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service or otherwise in connection with our business in relation to the Service .
By using the Service you consent to this use and any other use of information identified in this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner .
We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs .
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ( for instance , in User Content you post on message boards or in chat areas ) becomes available to the public .
You should be aware that even if you remove User Content , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content .
By providing Company your email address , you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices , including any notices required by law , in lieu of communication by postal mail .
We may also use your email address to send you other messages , such as newsletters , changes to features of the Service or special offers .
Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements or offers .
Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties .
We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used , diagnosing service or technical problems , maintaining security and personalizing advertisements and promotions .
Company reserves the right , but has no obligation , to monitor the User Content you post on the Website .
Company has the right to remove any such User Content for any reason or no reason , including , without limitation , if in its sole opinion , such User Content violates , or may violate , any applicable law or our Terms of Use , which are incorporated herein by reference , or to protect or defend Company 's rights or property or those of any third party .
Company also reserves the right to remove User Content upon the request of any third party .
We use cookies , clear gifs and log file information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of the Service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP ; and ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in to the Website .
If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive .
Note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account profile .
We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services .
If you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification .
There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties .
In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies .
We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests .
While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties .
We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters in the public interest .
In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service .
Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location .
We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers .
In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets .
We reserve the right to identify you from information you provide to us and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with the information you provide to use and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose .
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information : Except as described in this Privacy Policy , Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others .
Company may share your personally identifiable information or information about your computer , mobile or other device with our affiliates and third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you .
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company ( for instance , on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers ) .
As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets or business offerings .
Customer , email and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions .
We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers or dissolution .
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy , Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law , regulation or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) conform to the law , comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates or investigate , prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use , take precautions against liability , to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , to assist government enforcement agencies or to protect the security or integrity of our Website ; and ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property or personal safety of Company , our users or others .
Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We may share non-personally identifiable information ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc . ) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services .
Company allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the Website .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the Website .
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent .
However , please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such advertisers .
How We Protect Your Information
Company uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission of information , Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical or managerial safeguards .
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account .
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information , and for controlling access to your email communications from Company , at all times .
Compromise of Personal Information
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Company will take commercially reasonable measures to promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Your Choices About Your Personal Information
You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information to Company , in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you .
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important .
For that reason , Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register .
If you are under 13 , please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number or email address .
No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to Company .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
Company expects its partners , advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users .
Be aware , however , that third parties , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Website , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information ( including personally identifiable information ) on message boards or in chat areas , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties .
Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this Privacy Policy .
Company is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Website nor the information or content contained therein .
It follows that the Company accepts no responsibility for events experienced by you if you visit a third party site by clicking through from the Website .
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Website to another website , this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect .
User browsing and interaction on any other website , including those that have a link on our Website , is subject to that other website 's own rules and policies .
Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding .
Third Party Advertisements and Technologies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit the Website as is explained in detail in the Terms of Use .
In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser .
This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Website to target advertising within this Website or on other websites .
This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again .
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you ( sometimes called online behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising or OBA ) .
We also use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising .
Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Website , to learn which banner ads bring users to our Website and to deliver more relevant advertising .
In addition , our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Website and other websites .
We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties .
You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites .
If you would like to opt-out of being served OBA on the Website by our third-party advertising companies , click on the AdChoices icon below and select the companies whose OBA technology you would like to block on the Website .
It is our policy to provide notifications , whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes , to you via email notice , written or hard copy notice or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Website , as determined by Company in its sole discretion .
We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you , provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of those changes .
Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected .
How to Contact the Company
16101 N. 82nd St. , Suite A-9
Scottsdale , AZ 85260
Attn : General Counsel

Last Updated : September 24 , 2013
This Privacy Policy applies to our sites and apps .
This Policy describes how we treat personal information .
This includes on the websites and apps where it is located .
It also applies to our information collection and tracking practices for our toolbar browser app ( `` Shopping Toolbar '' ) .
Any capitalized terms we do n't define in this policy are defined in our Terms and Conditions .
We collect information from and about you
For example , we collect your name and email address if you register on our site .
We might collect your phone number or zip code .
We might also collect your mailing address .
For example , we may collect your credit card number if you make a purchase from ShopAtHome.com .
Information You Submit or Post .
We collect the information you post in a public space on our site .
We also collect information when you contact us .
We may also collect information you share about a friend if you use our Tell-a-Friend feature .
Purchases You Make with Others .
If you participate in our programs , we get information when you make a purchase from an Affiliate Store .
We may also collect purchase information about you from other third parties .
We may collect information like your gender and age .
We may also collect your zip code .
We might collect this when you contact us or enter a promotion .
If you use our sites , we may collect information about the browser you 're using .
We might look at what site you came from , or what site you visit when you leave us .
If you use the toolbar , we may also collect information about your search history .
We may also look at clickstream data .
We may combine this information with other information we collect from you .
This includes anything we collect from third parties .
If you use our mobile app or mobile website , we may collect your GPS location and your unique device identifier .
We might look at how often you use the app , where you use it , and where you downloaded it .
We collect information in different ways
We collect information directly from you .
For example , if you sign up for our emails or when you use our Shopping Toolbar , we collect information .
We also collect information if you contact us .
We collect information about you through our websites , mobile apps and our Shopping Toolbar .
We collect information from you passively .
On our platforms , which include our sites and toolbars , we collect information passively .
We might also collect information passively in our emails or through our apps .
We may also collect information passively in connection with third parties .
For example , to get purchase information from Affiliates we may gather information passively on their platforms .
Tools we use include browser cookies and web beacons .
Learn more about what we collect and how you can control it here .
We get information about you from third parties .
For example , social media platforms may also give us information about you .
This might include getting information from social media plugins .
Affiliates or other business partners may also give us information .
This might include information they gathered passively .
We use information as disclosed and described here
We use information to respond to your requests or questions .
For example , we might use your information to respond to your customer feedback .
Or , we might use your information to process Cash Back Rewards if you participate in that program .
We may use your information to notify you if you complete a Qualified Transaction .
We use information to improve our products and services .
We may use your information to make our Sites and Shopping Toolbar better .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us or understand your preferences .
We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties .
This includes using your information as described here .
We use information for security purposes .
We may use information to protect our company , our customers , and our websites .
We use information for marketing purposes .
For example , when you register with our sites we might send you information about special offers .
We might tell you about new features or updates .
These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting .
If you register with us , we 'll enroll you to receive our emails .
We may send this information by email or text .
We may also send through push notifications in apps or notifications by regular mail .
To manage this , read the choices section below .
We also use information to customize offers you receive .
This includes using your shopping history on Affiliates or other third-party platforms .
To learn more about what we do and your choices , click here .
We use information to communicate with you about your account or our relationship .
We may contact you about your account or feedback .
We might also contact you about this Policy or our website Terms .
We use information as otherwise permitted by law .
We may share information with third parties
We will share information within the ShopAtHome.com family of companies .
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf .
For example , we share information with vendors who send emails for us .
We may also share information with companies that operate our websites or run a promotion .
We will share information with our business partners .
This includes sharing for marketing or advertising purposes .
For example , we will share information with Affiliate Stores to process orders or understand preferences .
Or we might share information that third parties can use to serve you with ads they think you will like .
This could include sharing with our partners what ads you look at .
Third parties may use information for their own marketing or advertising purposes .
Please click here to learn more .
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves .
For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests .
We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud .
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction .
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you .
You have certain choices about sharing and marketing practices
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails .
To stop receiving our promotional emails , log into your Account and update your `` Account Preferences . ''
You can also follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us .
Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still send you transactional messages .
These include responses to your questions .
If you receive promotional emails from a third party , you will need to separately opt-out with them .
You can control cookies and tracking tools .
To learn how to manage how we and our vendors use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
If you disable cookies , we may not be able to offer Cash Back to you .
If you no longer want the Shopping Toolbar to track you as described in this Policy , you can uninstall it .
Follow the directions here to uninstall the Shopping Toolbar .
You can control tools on your mobile devices .
For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone .
You can also control these settings in our apps .
Your California privacy rights
If you reside in California , you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make a request , please send us an email , or write to us at the address listed below .
Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a Shine the Light inquiry
These Sites and children
Our sites , apps and Shopping Toolbar are meant for adults .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian .
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information , you can email us .
You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy .
Please mark your inquiries COPPA Information Request .
Parents , you can learn more about how to protect children 's privacy on-line here .
We store information in the United States
Information we maintain is stored within the United States .
If you live outside of the United States , you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States .
This site is subject to U.S. laws , which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country .
We use standard security measures
The Internet is not 100 % secure .
We can not promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe .
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet .
This includes not sharing your passwords .
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy .
We also keep information as otherwise required by law .
You can update your information
To update your information , log into the site and click the `` My Account '' link under the Community tab .
You can also update it by clicking here .
It may take us up to 10 business days to process account changes .
We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we do n't control
If you click on a link to a third party site , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website .
Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for these third party sites .
Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies .
To learn more , click here .
We do not control the use of those technologies .
We also do not control the privacy practices of our Affiliate Stores .
This includes their use of cookies and other tracking technologies .
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you may contact us at :
5575 DTC Parkway , Suite 300
Greenwood Village , CO 80111
We may update this Policy
From time to time we may change our privacy policies .
We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law .
We will also post an updated copy on our website .
Please check our site periodically for updates .

Shopbop.com and EastDane.com ( the Websites ) Privacy Notice
Last updated : September 3 , 2013 .
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly .
This notice describes our privacy policy.By visiting the Websites , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
What Personal Information About Customers Do the Websites Gather ?
What About Cookies ?
Do The Websites Share the Information They Receive ?
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
Which Information Can I Access ?
What Choices Do I Have ?
Are Children Allowed to Use the Websites ?
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected
What Personal Information About Customers Do the Websites Gather ?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience .
Here are the types of information we gather .
Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or give us in any other way .
Click here to see examples of what we collect .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you .
Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many web sites , we use `` cookies , '' and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Websites or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of the Websites on other web sites .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from the Websites if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Email Preferences or unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our e-mails .
Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information .
Click here to see examples of the information we receive .
What About Cookies ?
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as personalized advertisements on other web sites and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Websites ' essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any products and services that require you to Sign in .
Do the Websites Share the Information They Receive ?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We share customer information only as described below and with our parent corporation , Amazon.com , Inc. , and the subsidiaries it controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice .
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses .
In some cases , these businesses might sell offerings to you directly through the Websites .
In other cases , we might sell product lines jointly with these businesses .
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party .
Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of our customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Email Preferences or unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our e-mails .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) .
Also , in the unlikely event that BOP LLC , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Shopbop and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use aand other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of the Websites , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice .
With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information .
How Secure Is Information About Me ?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input .
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Which Information Can I Access ?
The Websites give you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with the Websites for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information .
What Choices Do I Have ?
As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Website features as Wish List , My Hearts and Customer Reviews .
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the `` Which Information Can I Access ? '' section above .
When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records .
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Email Preferences or unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our e-mails .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the web site of its manufacturer .
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Websites ' essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on .
For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any products and services that require you to Sign in
Are Children Allowed to Use the Websites ?
The Websites do not sell products for purchase by children .
If you are under 18 , you may use the Websites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian .
Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit the Websites , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Websites frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers .
Related Practices and Information
Customer Service ( Shopbop )
Customer Service ( East Dane )
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service .
For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through the Websites ; provide information in My Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; compile Wish Lists , My Hearts , My Designers or other shopping lists ; or provide and rate Reviews .
As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; and content of reviews and e-mails to us .
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Websites , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our phone number .
We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Websites for fraud prevention and other purposes .
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page .
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes .
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; search results and links , including paid listings ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers .
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at the Websites include up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , and address book ) ; payment settings ( including credit card information and gift certificate balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts and newsletters ) ; shopping lists ( including Wish List , My Hearts and My Designers ) ; and My Account ( including your product Reviews , personal profile , and Wish List ) .

This privacy statement defines privacy aspects specific to the shopspaceweather.com Web site and affiliated Shop SpaceWeather Web servers ( referred to as the `` Web sites '' ) .
Whenever you purchase or register your products with Shop SpaceWeather ( Shop SpaceWeather ) , we do not sell , rent , or exchange customer information to other parties .
We share identifiable information only with those parties entrusted with the processing of your account and the fulfillment of your order .
We have established procedures to protect your privacy , which we uphold .
Of course , this policy does not apply to information that we are required to disclose by law , or in cooperation with law enforcement agencies .
Customer information is gathered so we can better serve you , and we make an effort to ensure its security and to treat your information responsibly .
When you become a Shop SpaceWeather customer , we ask for your name , address , e-mail address and phone number .
Shop SpaceWeather does not collect information associated with your purchase when you shop at one of the merchant Web sites linked to Shop SpaceWeather .
What you purchase is known only to the merchant .
We can not ensure the protection of any personal information that you provide to a third-party site that links to or from the shopspaceweather.com site , as these third-party sites are owned and operated independently .
These third-party sites may have their own separate privacy and data collection practices that are beyond our control .
Any personal information that you provide to these third-party sites will be regulated by their privacy policy , if any .
Shop SpaceWeather can assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices , actions or policies of these third-party sites , and can not be responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites .
Be sure to read the participating merchant 's privacy policy to better understand its use of your personal information .
From time to time , you may receive mail , e-mail or telephone calls from Shop SpaceWeather , or agents of Shop SpaceWeather , in order to update your account or communicate information which we believe will be of interest to you .
At any time , you may request your name be removed from any of these methods of communication .
Simply relay your request to a Customer Service Representative and your name will be removed from the appropriate list .
We want your experiences with Shop SpaceWeather to be based upon your preferences always .
What additional information is collected ? When you visit Shop SpaceWeather.com , our system automatically notes which browser and Internet Provider ( IP ) you used for access .
We collect this navigational information to help us design our pages , so we can provide the majority of our customers with the best experience possible .
What if I do not want to use `` cookies ? '' Most browsers are set to accept cookies .
You can , however , set your browser to refuse cookies .
You will not , however , be able to use certain services requiring the use of cookie technology .
What steps are taken to keep my personal information private ? Your information is sent to us through a `` secure session '' established with Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) .
This technology encrypts , or scrambles , your account information before it is sent to us , making it extremely difficult for anyone other than Shop SpaceWeather.com to read it .
We protect all customer data against unauthorized access .
We use security technology , privacy protection controls and restrictions on employee access , to safeguard your personal information .
Shop SpaceWeather does not share your contact information with outside companies for their promotional use .
What if I do not want to send my personal information over the Internet ? If you prefer not to register your products on shopspaceweather.com , simply fill out the registration card provided with your product in its original packaging and send it in the mail .
If you are a registered user , we may use your e-mail address to notify you about new shopspaceweather.com services or special offers available to registered users or about other Shop SpaceWeather products or those of our partners or affiliates .
If you would prefer not to receive this information , simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process .
Although we respect and honor the privacy preferences you have expressed , we may nevertheless contact you to inform you of specific changes that may impact your ability to use this service or for other critical non-marketing purposes , such as bug alerts .
We may also contact you to respond to your specific requests or to clarify the order information you provided to us .
Does Shop SpaceWeather protect my e-mail address too ? We use your e-mail address to provide fast Customer Service communications and other services .
Shop SpaceWeather protects your e-mail information the same way it protects all identifiable customer information .
In order to provide you with customer service , we ask for your name and e-mail address .
We may use your contact information in order to contact you regarding service updates or specific support questions and may contact you for additional opportunities to provide feedback on our products and services .
Will Shop SpaceWeather share my information with any third parties ? Shop SpaceWeather and its subsidiaries may exchange customer information with each other to fulfill your requests or to provide you with information about other products or services .
In some cases , we will employ or work with service providers such as consultants , temporary workers , third party software developers or outsourcers to complete a business process or provide a service on our behalf .
For example , we may use service providers to deliver products , offer online software applications or send e-mails .
When we employ service providers , we may need to share your personally identifiable information .
Service providers are strictly prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for purposes other than to act on our behalf .

Last Updated : October 25 , 2013
Shutterfly , Inc. and our family of brands take your privacy seriously .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Our Online Privacy and Security is organized as follows :
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Information Sharing With Third Parties
Opting Out Of Information Sharing
Access to Your Account Information and Preferences
Your California Privacy Rights
Updates to Privacy Policy
We collect personal information when you register with any of our family of brands via our websites , mobile sites or mobile applications ( collectively , our `` Sites and Apps '' ) and when you use any of our products or services .
Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable , such as your name , address , email address or phone number , Facebook Connect sign-in information ( if applicable ) , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available .
In addition , if you send email invitations to friends and family to allow them to view your pictures or saved projects , or if you invite them to participate in Shutterfly Share Sites , those email addresses are personal information .
Also , your account includes an address book , which you can use to store email addresses of friends and family , and those emails are personal information .
We or our third party service providers may also collect information relating to your devices , including your device model , operating system , browser type , unique device identifier , IP address , mobile phone number , mobile network carrier , location , and event information ( such as application installations ) .
If you order products or pay for services , we will need your shipping address , billing name and address , as well as your credit card number and expiration date .
If you tag yourself , friends , or family in pictures , we may use facial recognition technology to help you tag and organize your pictures .
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies , pixel tags , and/or other similar technologies to collect visitor information .
Cookies , for example , are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser .
They make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out , recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you .
By doing this , we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout .
It is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off , but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user , your browser must be set to accept cookies .
We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Sites and Apps .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services .
For instance , they may collect web log data from you ( such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads .
Through this process , demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner .
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process .
They do not know the name , address , email address , phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user .
The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) allows for the central opting out of all of its members ' cookies from a single opt-out page .
If you delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt-out choice .
We also work with third party service providers to monitor certain pages of our Sites and Apps for such purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics .
Where authorized by us , these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors .
No personally identifiable information is transferred to these third party service providers .
We use your information for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , administrative purposes , to improve our services , to customize the advertising and content you see , to contact you , and for internal business purposes .
We use third party information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request .
For example , sharing your pictures electronically is one of the key benefits we offer .
You are able to send an email invitation to your selected recipients , and then to allow them to view , save , or purchase products from your pictures .
This email invitation contains a link created specifically for your pictures .
The email also may include information about special promotional offers from our family of brands and/or carefully-screened third parties .
Another example of how we use third party information you provide to us is Shutterfly Share Sites .
If you create a special site through Shutterfly Share Sites to share your pictures , you may invite recipients to participate in that site .
In addition to the email invitation , these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the site ( e.g. , when new content is added ) .
As the creator of the site , you can determine the frequency of these email digests .
In addition , any recipient who is a Shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences .
If you use one of our referral programs to refer any of our family of brands to your friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your invitation .
If you send Treat Digital Cards to friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your cards .
Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through email invitations , Shutterfly Share Sites , our referrals programs , Treat Digital Cards , or the address books of any of our Sites and Apps to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family .
( Of course , if a friend or family member signs up with any of our family of brands or we receive their email address from another unrelated source , we may communicate with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy . )
Your accounts may also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays , anniversaries , and other key dates and details about friends and family .
You can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates .
We may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar .
Reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties .
When you add personal messages to your products , an order-processing representative may view your message .
However , third parties are not allowed to view or use this information .
We use anonymous information , such as that pertaining to web or mobile pages you have viewed , in order to analyze trends , track user 's movements , provide a better user experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
We do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally .
See `` Authorized Third Parties . ''
Information Sharing With Third Parties
From time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us .
We may share personal information within our family of brands .
We may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners .
These companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us , to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes .
Information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs .
With that in mind , when you purchase an item , your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle , store , retain , use , share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies , and we disclaim any and all liability relating thereto .
Every now and then , we will invite customers to take part in surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes .
The information we collect from these surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by our family of brands to improve your overall customer experience , and may be shared with select third parties
If you log in through Facebook Connect , information you provide to us may be shared with Facebook .
Opting Out Of Information Sharing
We understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share their information with other select companies .
If you do not want us to share your information , please contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands , and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable .
When contacting us , please clearly state your request , including your name , mailing address , email address and phone number .
However , under the following circumstances , we may still be required to share your personal information :
If we respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process , or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
If we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law .
If we believe it is necessary to restrict or inhibit any user from using any of our Sites and Apps , including , without limitation , by means of `` hacking '' or defacing any portion thereof .
Our Sites and Apps are not intended for children , and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children .
If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 , we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files .
Access to Your Account Information and Preferences
You have the right and ability to edit your member account information on our Sites and Apps at any time .
You can opt in or out of receiving future communications from us about special offers and new product information , you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive , or you can change your marketing preferences by contacting us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
We do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide , such as service announcements and administrative messages .
We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications .
We use a secure server ( SSL ) to encrypt your personal financial information .
We use other physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we have collected , and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information .
Our Sites and Apps may contain links to other sites for news and other information .
Our Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Apps , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites which are linked to or integrated with our Sites and Apps .
You should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them .
See our Terms of Use for additional information .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as S.B . 27 , allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways : send a letter to Legal , Shutterfly , 2800 Bridge Parkway Redwood City , CA 94065 or through the various ways of contact described in the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above .
ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS , WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT , WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A NAMED OR UNNAMED MEMBER IN A CLASS , CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL LEGAL ACTION .
YOUR ACCESS AND CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF OUR SITES AND APPS SIGNIFIES YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THIS WAIVER .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands .
Updates to Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updates on this page .
Please check back periodically to view any updates .

Please note that the practices of Shutterstock , Inc .
( `` Shutterstock '' ) , with respect to personal information , are now governed by this Privacy Policy as same may be amended from time to time .
We encourage visitors to and users of our site to regularly review our Privacy Policy .
To update your information and preferences , see the section entitled `` Updating/Deleting Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences . ''
SHUTTERSTOCK is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user 's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices .
Because the Site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
Shutterstock complies with the E.U .
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with Shutterstock to resolve your concerns .
Changes in Privacy Policy
All `` Personal Information '' ( `` Personal Information '' is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains ) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time .
Shutterstock reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice on the home page of the Site when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy .
If as the result of such changes , you want to alter the ways in which Shutterstock is allowed to use your Personal Information , you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled `` Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences . ''
You will be deemed to have been made aware of , and will be subject to , any material changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception : If at the time you provide Personal Information to Shutterstock you are given the opportunity ( as you currently are ) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you , either by Shutterstock or by third parties , Shutterstock will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent .
However , if Shutterstock is acquired by or merged with another entity , Shutterstock may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent , but Shutterstock will provide notice of such asset sales , acquisitions , or mergers on this Site .
Entities Collecting Personal Information
Personal Information on this Site is collected by Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA and its telephone number is 1-866-663-3954 .
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time .
This may be accomplished by clicking on the link , `` My Account '' , where you can view and make changes to most of your Personal Information immediately .
If you are a contributor , you can change your profile here .
For security purposes certain Personal Information can only be changed by contacting support by email .
Collection of Personal Information
As a visitor to the Site , you can engage in many activities without providing any Personal Information .
However , when you order products or services as a Shutterstock subscriber , we may collect the following Personal Information from you :
Contact information such as your name , phone and fax numbers , address and email address ; and
Billing information such as the number , expiration date , card type and billing address of your credit card ; and
Demographic information such as your job title , job description and company name and company type .
If you submit content to Shutterstock for licensing , you may be asked to provide the following information :
Contact information such as your name , phone number , primary address , and email address .
Shutterstock will verify this information by asking you to either : a ) upload a scan of a government issued ID ( which will be stored on our servers ) ; or b ) provide a credit card number .
Your credit card number will be used solely for the purpose of verifying your name and address .
The credit card number will not be stored .
Payment and contributor information including , but not limited to , payout method , payout email , desired display name , skill level , content focus , etc .
Depending upon the activity , some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary .
If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity , you will not be able to engage in that activity .
As is true of most websites , when you use the Site , Shutterstock or third parties authorized by Shutterstock may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services .
For example , we may log environmental variables , such as browser type , operating system , CPU speed , and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your computer .
We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services .
Shutterstock also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site .
To better understand the needs of our visitors to the Site we may occasionally match such information with your Personal Information .
In order to reduce errors in our database , authenticate our users , and prevent abuse of our system , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submit to us with information from third-party sources .
For example , we may supplement your contact information with address information provided by the U.S . Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database .
As permissible , we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information ( such as age or interest in photography ) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you .
Information Sharing with Service Providers / Agents
Shutterstock uses one or more outside credit card processing companies to bill you for our goods and services .
To the best of our knowledge , these companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
We also share Personal Information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf .
We only share the Personal Information which is necessary for them to perform those services .
We require any company with which we may share Personal Information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of services for Shutterstock .
We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services .
How Your Personal Information Is Used
We do not sell , rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties in any way other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
Shutterstock collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select .
Shutterstock or one of our trusted partners may use this information to :
Process your financial transactions .
Send you order / renewal confirmations .
Register your rights , if any , to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users .
Respond to customer service requests , questions and concerns .
Administer your account .
Send you requested product or service information .
Keep you informed about special offers and services of Shutterstock and selected third parties .
Administer promotions and sweepstakes you enter and notify you of the results .
Investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and/or violations of our Terms of Service .
Meet our research and product/service development needs and to improve our Site , services and offerings ; and
Customize your experience , including targeting our services and offerings to you .
We store information that we collect through cookies , log files , transparent images , and/or third party sources to create a summary of your preferences .
We tie your personally identifiable information , and/or your membership usage history , to information in the summary , in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers , to improve the content of the site for you and/or to determine your preferences .
We further reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law ( e.g. , to comply with a subpoena , warrant , court order , or legal process served on Shutterstock ) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , avoid litigation , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , and/or respond to a government request .
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will respond to your request within 30 days .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Choice / Opt Out
You may `` opt out '' of receiving Shutterstock 's email updates , newsletters and/or partner emails by clicking on the `` My Account '' link on the Site and making the appropriate selections .
The choice to opt out of such communications is also generally available during the sign-up process .
Shutterstock will still contact you when there are changes to the Terms of Service or Submitter Terms & Conditions , as applicable .
In addition , we will still send you service-related announcements including , but not limited to , a registration email , benefit notification emails , emails automatically triggered by actions you took on the Site and bill related notices .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you wish not to receive them , you have the option of deactivating your account
Protection of Your Personal Information
The Personal Information that you provide in connection with the use of the Site is protected in several ways .
Access by you to your account profile is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you .
This password is encrypted .
You should strive to use a strong , alpha-numeric password which you should not divulge to anyone .
Your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected Shutterstock personnel and contractors have access to via password .
Your Personal Information is encrypted whenever it is transmitted to Shutterstock .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We strive to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
While we use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
The Site may automatically collect information as you browse , such as Internet Service Provider , browser type and version , operating system and device type , average time spent on our site ( s ) , pages viewed , information accessed , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics .
Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data .
We and our partners may use cookies and action tags to keep track of your visits , preferences and profile information .
A cookie is a small , unique text file that a website can send to your computer when you visit a site .
We may use session cookies , which terminate when a user closes his or her browser , and/or persistent cookies , which remain on the user 's computer until manually deleted .
Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely .
If you do not want us to deploy cookies to your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer .
Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site .
An action tag is similar to a cookie .
Action tags help us identify and track the performance of web pages on the Site , allowing us to measure the performance and quality of the Site and to manage Site content .
In addition , we may use action tags in emails .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns by showing , for example , how many emails have been opened .
Electronic tracking technologies are used to enhance your experience on the Site , including allowing you to remain logged in on the Site .
Cookies and pixel tags may also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information that does not identify you personally .
However , we and our third party partners may use cookies to store some of your preferences ( including limited Personal Information ) or to display relevant content based upon what you view on our site .
We enable you to create a profile for accessing blogs or online communities for sharing information such as messages , photos and videos .
Please note that we can not control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information .
Any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room , such as the Forum For Contributors ( the `` Forums '' ) , is available to all persons accessing that location .
Your email address will not automatically be posted on the Forums unless you modify the default setting to permit that .
Your email address will then be available to all persons accessing the Forums .
In addition , any information that you choose to include in your profile can be viewed by all visitors to the Forums .
You can change your profile here .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site .
Shutterstock stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18 .
If you are under 18 , do not enter information on this site or engage our services .
Shutterstock takes its users ' privacy concerns seriously .
If you believe that Shutterstock has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information , you may contact the Privacy Officer at Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA .
In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Shutterstock Privacy Policy has not been complied with .
We will investigate your complaint promptly .
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with this Site to resolve your concerns .
Shutterstock , Inc .
60 Broad Street , 30th Floor
New York , NY 10004

Simply Recipes is committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of your personal information .
This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect on our website and how we use that information .
By using the Simply Recipes website , you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy policy , which may be modified from time to time by us .
We care about protecting the privacy of children .
We wo n't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
If you 're under 13 , please do not provide us with any personally identifying information ( such as your name , your email address or your phone number ) .
The information we gather falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information you supply when you register to receive emails or comment on the website , and ( 2 ) tracking information collected as you navigate through our site .
In operating the Site , Simply Recipes may include registration , comment forms , online surveys , and other online forms that ask users to provide their names , e-mail addresses , and other contact information .
From time to time , we may use the standard cookies feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Web site .
We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies , nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our website other than cookies .
Cookies help us learn which areas of our site are useful and which areas need improvement .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser .
However , if you choose to disable this function , your experience at our Web site may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended .
As is true of most websites , Simply Recipes gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and clickstream data .
We use this information to analyze trends , administer the site , track users ' movements around the site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole .
Except as noted herein , we do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information .
Each user 's IP address is logged with each visit and each action performed on Simply Recipes .
This information is never provided to the third parties , except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , and is logged only for a temporary period of time .
IP address information is linked to personal information and may be used in an effort to block a banned user from accessing the Site .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Participation on a Public Website .
You should be aware that any personal information you submit on Simply Recipes in the comments may be read , collected , or used by other users of this Site , including anonymous visitors .
How Your Information Will Be Used
Personal Information We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent , except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us or to comply with the law .
We may use your personal information to verify your identity , to check your qualifications , or to follow up with transactions initiated on the site .
We may also use your contact information to inform you of any changes to Simply Recipes , or to send you additional information about Simply Recipes .
Anonymous Information We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic , but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information .
In addition , we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server , to administer our site , or to display the content according to your preferences .
Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis .
Use of Cookies We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests .
Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain cookies .
We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our site .
Disclosure of Personal Information We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Simply Recipes , Inc. , ( 2 ) protect and defend the rights or property of Simply Recipes or the users of this site , or ( 3 ) act under circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of this site .
Simply Recipes has security measures in place to prevent the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information that we obtain from you , but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss , misuse , to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss , misuse , or alteration .
Simply Recipes may include interactive forms such as comments .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Simply Recipes may contain links to other websites .
If you choose to visit other websites , we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites , and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies .
If you have any questions about this policy , our practices related to this site , please feel contact us at the following recipes AT elise DOT com .
We reserve the right , at any time , to add to , change , update , or modify this privacy policy , simply by posting such change , update , or modification on Simply Recipes and without any other notice to you .
Any such change , update , or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site .
It is your responsibility to review this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms .
This policy was last updated on July 24 , 2008 .

This is a privacy policy for SitePoint Pty Ltd. SitePoint respects your privacy .
Below is an outline of the information that SitePoint gathers , how it 's used , and how you can opt-out
Whenever you request a page through your browser , navigation and clickstream data such as :
your IP address ,
browser and version ,
date and time and
the site from which you came
are stored in a log file and/or database .
Any search terms that you enter into the SitePoint Site Search are also logged .
This information can not be used to identify specific individuals , and is only used for :
Website and system administration ,
research and development ,
anonymous user analysis , and
to provide accurate statistics to advertisers in the form of aggregated data .
This information is kept on a secure dedicated server hosted by AWS as well as servers within the SitePoint offices .
The email addresses collected from subscriptions to the SitePoint newsletters are not sold , or disclosed to any third parties .
These addresses will only be used by our business to send out SitePoint communications ( for example , the SitePoint newsletters ) .
You will not receive any mailings you did not request .
The email addresses collected at SitePoint are stored on a server hosted by Campaign Monitor .
You can remove yourself from our list at any time by visiting updating your email preferences linked from the bottom of any newsletter email received .
When a contest/sweepstakes/survey is run on this site you may be asked to supply some personally identifying information like your name , email address and/or phone number .
This information will only be used to notify winners of the contest/sweepstakes .
Non-identifying information may be analyzed , aggregated and presented to third-parties to provide an overview of the demographics of our Networks visitors .
When a survey appears on the SitePoint Network , information is collected , compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis .
SitePoint may share this aggregated data with advertisers or business partners .
Cookies on this site are used by ourselves , our ad management system , and occasionally by advertisers who use 3rd party ad serving solutions .
Cookies are used for :
customization of content ( i.e . not repeating pop-up windows ) ,
storing login information , and
statistical site-traffic analysis .
Third party vendors , including Google , show our ads on sites on the internet .
Third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to this website .
You have the option to opt out of Google 's use of cookies here or from participating NAI partners here .
The information collected during the registration process for the SitePoint Community is used to :
customize content based upon user preferences ,
display member status , and
display the date of a members last visit .
Information collected in this process can also be used to prevent banned users from re-registering under a different username .
The email address will only be seen by moderators and administrators if the Keep your email address viewable to other users when you post notes ? option is set to no .
Cookies may be sent to your browser to enable automatic log-ins upon further visits , as well as for content customization .
If you purchase products directly from SitePoint , your contact information and a transaction history will be kept by SitePoint .
We may use the contact information to inform you about the status of your order , as well as to let you know about upcoming SitePoint Products .
If you request sample chapters of one of SitePoint 's information products/books , your email address will be used for follow-up purposes .
You may unsubscribe from these mailings at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link .
Any postings in our Forums and Articles should be considered public knowledge and will be accessible by search engine spiders .
This includes any information you provode in the profile associated with any accounts you have at SitePoint .
SitePoint will not retroactively edit your username , profile or posted messages .
Any messages sent through SitePoint 's servers , including person-to-person communcations , are unencrypted and may be accessed by SitePoint Employees or Contractors .
SitePoint complies with all law enforcement agency requests for information .
Any data collected will be used by ourselves and our agents .
SitePoint hereby reserves the right to transfer any data collected in the event of an acquisition , full or partial , of the company or its assets .
If you have questions regarding our privacy policies , or require assistance in opting out of our email lists , please contact privacy at sitepoint.com .
The materials displayed on this website , including without limitation , all editorial materials , information , photographs , illustrations , artwork
and other graphic materials , and names , logos and trade marks , are protected by copyright , trade mark and other intellectual property laws .
Any such content may be displayed and printed solely for your personal , non-commercial use within your organization only .
You agree not to reproduce , retransmit , distribute , disseminate , sell , publish , broadcast or circulate any such material to any third party without the express prior written consent of SitePoint .
Save for the above , SitePoint does not grant any license or right in , or assign all or part of , its intellectual property rights in the content or applications incorporated into the website or in the user interface of the website .
You acknowledge and accept that the information contained on this website ( the website information ) may include technical inaccuracies .
You acknowledge and accept that the website information is subject to change at any time and may not necessarily be up to date or accurate at the time you view it .
You should enquire with us directly to ensure the accuracy and currency of the material you seek to rely upon .
To the extent permitted by law , SitePoint disclaims all warranties with regard to the information and applications contained on the website and your use of the website , including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness .
In no event shall SitePoint , its contractors , agents , or employees be liable for any damages whatsoever ( including special , indirect or consequential ) arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the website whether in contract , at common law or in equity , or on any other basis .
These Terms and Conditions do not exclude warranties or conditions which SitePoint can not , by law , exclude .
These Terms and Conditions do not exclude any liability which any law requires SitePoint to accept .
If SitePoint becomes liable for any breach of any such condition or warranty , SitePoint 's liability shall be limited at its option , to any one or more of the following :
in the case of goods , to any one it determines of the following : replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods ; repair of the goods ; payment of the cost of replacing the goods or acquiring equivalent goods ; or payment of the cost of having the goods repaired ; and
in the case of services , to either supplying the services again or payment of the cost of having the services supplied again .
This website and the materials displayed on it may not be accessible from time to time due to act of God or other force majeure events , including inability to obtain or shortage of necessary materials , equipment facilities , power or telecommunications , lack of telecommunications equipment or facilities and failure of information technology or telecommunications equipment or facilities .
You must not attempt to change , add to , remove , deface , hack or otherwise interfere with this website or any material or content displayed on this website .
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the State of Victoria , Australia .
In the event that a dispute arises from these terms and Conditions , you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria , Australia .

We do not share your private personal information ( ex. , name , e-mail address , street address , phone number ) with any other organizations or individuals .
We keep all such information you provide to us , no matter how or why you provide it ( ex. , becoming an affiliate , ordering our products , etc . ) completely confidential , and use it only for the purpose that you intended .
Only those employees with relevant business duties ( ex. , support staff ) may access your private personal information , and only to perform their duties .
They are subject to dismissal for any privacy violation .
We never provide any such information about our subscribers , customers or affiliates to any third party , except of course in the unusual event should we be required to do so by law .
We do use cookies , but only to track behavior of groups of users of the Web site , not individual usage , and we do not tie the cookie to any personal information that you provide to us .
We do not collect or combine any information that you provide to us with any other demographic information from any other sources .
We do not use third party tracking services .
In other words ... your visit to SiteSell.com is entirely private and anonymous .

Skype is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data , traffic data and communications content .
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how Skype uses and safeguards the information you provide in using Skype 's internet communications , Skype 's websites and/or Skype 's products , including without limitation , the Qik ' branded products .
Please note that Skype is now a part of Microsoft .
What information does Skype collect and use ?
How does Skype use this information and for what purpose ?
Our disclosure of your personal information
What are cookies and how does Skype use them ?
Linked websites and third party applications
How does Skype protect your personal information ?
Personal Data of Friends
How can you access and amend your personal data ?
How long is your personal data kept by Skype ?
Can this Privacy Policy be modified ?
How can you contact Skype ?
WHAT INFORMATION DOES SKYPE COLLECT AND USE
Skype may gather and use information about you , including ( but not limited to ) information in the following categories :
( a ) Identification data ( e.g . name , username , address , telephone number , mobile number , email address ) ;
( b ) Profile information ( e.g . age , gender , country of residence , language preference and any information that you choose to make available to others as part of your Skype user profile as further described in Section 6 ) ;
( c ) Electronic identification data ( e.g . IP addresses , cookies ) ;
( d ) Banking and payment information ( e.g . credit card information , account number ) ;
( e ) Call quality and survey results ;
( f ) Information about your usage of and interaction with Skype software , products , and websites ( including computer , platform , device and connection information , client performance information , error reports , device capability , bandwidth , statistics on page views , and traffic to and from our websites , browser type and Skype WiFi enabled hotspot detection and usage statistics ) ;
( g ) Products or services ordered and delivered ;
( h ) The URL of videos that you have selected to appear in your mood message ;
( i ) Skype test calls made to ECHO123 ( which are recorded and played back to the user and deleted thereafter ) ;
( j ) List of your contacts and related data ( we will give you a choice as to whether you want Skype to use contact lists from other services to populate your Skype contacts ) ;
( k ) Your username and password for other email accounts where you have provided this to us and requested us to search for your friends on Skype ( please note that Skype does not retain this information after completing the search or use it for any other purpose ) ;
( l ) Correspondence between you and Skype ;
( m ) Traffic data ( data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of communications or the billing thereof , including , but not limited to , the duration of the call , the number calling and the number called ) ; and
( n ) Content of instant messaging communications , Voice messagess , and video messages ( please see section 12 ) ;
( o ) Location information , derived from your mobile carrier or from the mobile device that you use .
In connection with the Qik products , you control when your location is shared with others .
Your location is displayed and shared with other Qik users only in accordance with your privacy settings .
You also may create location information by `` geo-tagging '' your submitted content with location information .
Please manage your privacy settings for location information carefully ;
( p ) Mobile device information , such as manufacturer 's name , device model number , operating system , carrier network ;
( q ) Location information and device identifiers , derived from your device , when you search for or connect to a Skype WiFi compatible hotspot .
This information may be used to improve detection of eligibility to connect using Skype WiFi and for the purposes of offering , providing and marketing Skype WiFi to you ;
( r ) Access tokens for other accounts you associate with your Skype account ( such as Microsoft account or Facebook ) , which are like an electronic key provided by the service that acts in place of a password for authentication .
HOW DOES SKYPE USE THIS INFORMATION AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
Skype collects and uses , or has third party service providers acting on Skype 's behalf collecting and using , personal data relating to you , as permitted or necessary to :
provide internet communication , video sharing and other products in particular to convey the communications and videos you and others make by means of the Skype software and/or the Skype products ;
change and customize Skype features and functionality ;
take , process or deliver orders made via our websites , invoice you or notify you of the status of your order ;
display updates about your recent activity using the Qik products or connections to other Qik users ;
provide other services for you ( as described when we collect the information ) ;
provide you with customer support and troubleshoot problems ;
compare information for accuracy ;
inform you about service updates and faults ;
request feedback or participation in on-line surveys ;
verify your identity ;
customize , measure , and improve Skype software and websites , as well as other Microsoft products and services
improve our search functionality and help you find and contact other Skype users more easily and accurately ;
organise and carry out Skype 's marketing or promotional operations/offers , contests , games and similar events ; and
protect your and Skype 's interests , including in particular to enforce our Terms of Service and prevent and fight against fraud , ( together , the Purposes ) .
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as provided below , Skype will not sell , rent , trade or otherwise transfer any personal and/or traffic data or communications content outside of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your explicit permission , unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities .
Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile , or which you disclose on forums , discussions boards or by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others .
Skype may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims , to protect Skype 's interests , fight against fraud and to enforce our policies or to protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety .
In order to provide you with Skype products you have requested , Skype may sometimes , if necessary , share your personal and traffic data with Skype 's group companies , carriers , partner service providers and/or agents .
For example the PSTN-VoIP gateway provider , WiFi access services providers , distributors of Skype software and/or Skype products , and/or the third party banking organizations or other providers of payment , email delivery , analytical services , customer support , or hosting services .
Skype will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to observe the relevant legislation .
Some Skype products may be ( i ) co-branded ; ( ii ) made available via a partner company 's website ; and/or ( iii ) supported through a partner company .
If you register for or use such products , you consent to both Skype 's and the partner company 's use of personal data collected in connection with the product and you understand that the partner company 's use of your personal data may be subject to the partner company 's privacy policy .
Skype may offer its products in connection with other websites or services or may team with other online services to give you the combined results of both products/services or additional services and benefits .
To determine whether you would benefit from the combined offer , if you have provided your consent , Skype may match your email address , and email addresses of your contacts against email addresses you have provided to the third party website/service provider .
If you are a member of the Skype Manager , detailed information about the activity on your Skype account including traffic data and details of your purchases and downloads may be accessed by your Skype Manager Administrator if you have agreed to such access .
If you provide personal data including your name and job title to be included in the Skype Manager directory , you acknowledge that such data may be viewed by other members of the Skype Manager .
If you leave a Voice messages for another Skype user , your Voice messages message may be transferred to a third party service provider ( where the Skype contact you are trying to reach has signed up to receive Voice messagess by text message ) , and will be converted to text .
The conversion process may in exceptional cases , require access by analysts .
By using the Voice messages product , you consent to the processing of your Voice messages message by Skype and its service provider .
Skype , Skype 's local partner , or the operator or company facilitating your communication may provide personal data , communications content and/or traffic data to an appropriate judicial , law enforcement or government authority lawfully requesting such information .
Skype will provide reasonable assistance and information to fulfill this request and you hereby consent to such disclosure .
Information that is collected by or sent to Skype and/or Microsoft may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates , subsidiaries , or service providers maintain facilities .
In this regard , or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data in accordance with this article 4 , Skype reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country .
By using Skype software , Skype 's websites or Skype products you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country .
Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Economic Area , and Switzerland .
As Microsoft continues to develop its business , Microsoft might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units .
In any such transactions in which Skype or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party , personal information of Skype users will generally be one of the transferred business assets .
We reserve the right to include your personal information in any such transfer to a third party .
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND GIFS HOW DOES SKYPE USE THEM
By using Skype 's websites and/or software you are giving your consent to the use of cookies .
You can choose to reject cookies at any time , either by changing your browser settings ( if your browser permits ) or by ceasing to use Skype 's websites and/or software or by using the applicable opt-out functions .
You should be aware that certain features are only available through the use of cookies and if you choose not to accept cookies , such features may not be available to you .
4.1 What are Cookies and GIFs ?
Cookies are small files containing a string of characters ( text ) that are sent to your browser from a website 's server .
The cookie may contain a unique identifier but it does not contain personally identifiable information such as your name or email address .
Skype may use cookies when you visit its websites , use Skype 's software or visit other websites where Skype serves advertisements .
The browser of the Skype software client or your Internet browser stores the cookie on your computer 's hard drive and this may be accessed by the website during your next visit .
Other websites may also send cookies to your browser but your browser will not allow those websites to see Skype 's cookie data .
A typical Skype cookie might look something like this :
SC=LC=en : CCY=EUR : CC=UK : TZ=+1 : VER=0/1.3.0.13/ : TS=1105405660 : TM=103841368
SC stands for Skype Cookie ( cookie name )
LC is the language preference for our website
CCY is the currency preference for our website
CC is a country code
VER is the Skype software client version that the user is known to be running
TS is when the cookie was set
TM is when the cookie was modified
Skype web pages and client interfaces may include clear gifs , also known as web-beacons and tracking pixels .
Gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , which are used to count your visits to the page ( but which do not retain any personally identifiable information ) .
In addition , Skype uses clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened and acted upon .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
4.2 What type of Cookies does Skype use ?
Skype uses session cookies , persistent cookies and local shared objects ( flash cookies ) .
Session cookies are temporary cookies , or unique identifiers associated with your browser for the duration of your visit to Skype 's websites or area of the Skype software client .
Once you close your browser , the session cookie ID will disappear and information about your visit is not retained .
Persistent Cookies remain on your browser even after you close it and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website .
Local Shared Objects or Flash Cookies ' are cookies written with Adobe flash technology .
These cookies are saved on your computer in the same way as other cookies but they can not be managed at browser level in the same way .
4.3 How Skype uses Cookies
Skype uses its own cookies for a variety of purposes , including to :
recognize you when you sign in and understand how you arrived at our website , so we can make sure that we provide you with relevant customer content and information .
if you arrived at our website by clicking on a link to hear about US subscription packages , we can make sure you see content relevant to those offers ;
we can recognize your time zone so that your call lists are accurately displayed ;
if your last purchase included VAT , we can make sure you are always provided with a VAT inclusive price ;
if your cookie was set a long time ago , we know you are not a new user and we will not show you content intended for new users , such as how to use Skype ' pages ;
remember your chosen preferences , such as :
the language you choose to see our website in ;
the currency you wish to see our prices in ;
fight against fraud ;
inform Skype about the version of the Skype software client you are using so that we can provide you with new software updates and direct you to the relevant help sections ;
enable you to access your account and account services through the Skype Software client ;
provide internal and customer analytics and gain statistics and metrics about our websites , such as total number of visitors and page views ;
monitor the effectiveness and performance of our advertising and marketing campaigns and carry out research in order to help us to improve our products and websites ;
initiate security measures such as time-out ' when you have not logged into your account service area for a period of time ;
populate your Skype client with one of your Skype contacts ' information , where this contact invited you to join Skype ;
deliver video content to you ;
provide Skype ads most relevant to you when you visit other sites that display Skype ads .
4.4 Third Party Cookies
In addition to Skype 's cookies , Skype 's analytics , ad-serving and affiliate partners may set cookies and access cookies on your computer , when you are using the Skype software client or visiting a Skype website .
Skype uses analytics partners , including Omniture , Google Analytics , and Flurry Analytics , to gather anonymous statistical and analytical information about how users use Skype websites and software clients .
For example , these partners gather and aggregate data on page views and clicks on our sites , the search engines and keywords used to find our sites , links accessed from our sites , error and crash information about our clients , and similar information .
These analytics are not used to track your journey to other websites or to identify you .
The advertisements of Skype and of third parties appearing in the Skype software , Skype products and on Skype third party websites are delivered to you by Microsoft Advertising or other carefully selected ad serving partners ( Ad Serving Partners ) .
Skype and its Ad Serving Partners may use non-personally identifiable information that you have provided in your Skype profile or otherwise provided to Skype , such as your age , gender , language and country of residence , as well as information about your relationship with and use of Skype 's websites , software , and products , in order to provide advertisements likely to be of greater interest to you and to help us measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns .
Skype and our Ad Serving Partners may use cookies and/or web-beacons ( Gifs ) to collect this information .
Skype 's affiliate network program partner allows third parties to introduce people to Skype .
Our affiliates may send cookies to your computer to allow them to receive information ( a ) when you click on a Skype related link on one of our affiliate partner sites , and/or ( b ) when you make a purchase on Skype 's website , for the purpose of paying commission to the affiliate partner .
If you re-visit Skype 's site directly , our affiliate network program partner can recognize you and reward the third-party affiliate partner site that referred you to our site .
Other Third Party Content
Sometimes , Skype 's websites may include widgets or embedded video content from third parties such as YouTube .
When you view this content or use this widget , you may be accepting cookies from these websites .
These cookies are not within our control and you should check with the relevant third party site for more information .
4.5 Your Choices about Cookies
We do n't recommend that you restrict or block cookies as this may impact on the functionality of our websites and products .
However , if you choose to do so , please see the options available to you below .
The Help option on the toolbar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , how to delete cookies or how to disable cookies altogether .
Skype software browser cookies can be disabled by : accessing the File menu from your Skype software client toolbar , choosing the Privacy option and un-checking the Allow Skype Browser Cookies ' box .
4.5.2 Local Shared Objects ( Flash Cookies )
You may also manage flash cookies through your browser depending on how recent the version of Internet Explorer ( or other browser ) and media player you are using .
5.1 Third Party Advertisements
Skype websites and some Skype software clients enable third-party advertisements provided by Microsoft Advertising .
In order to provide ads of greater interest to you , these ads may be targeted based on non-personally identifiable Skype profile information ( including profile information from linked Microsoft accounts ) , such as age , gender , country of residence , and language preference , as well as other information Microsoft Advertising collects outside the Skype software client .
For instance , Microsoft Advertising may utilize the same browser cookies set by Microsoft websites to enhance targeting within the Skype software client .
To learn more about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information to target ads on Skype and other properties , including how it uses information collected from Skype , such as age and gender and other information collected as part of delivering ads to or on behalf of Skype to target ads on other properties , please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Statement
Except for the modern Skype client running on Windows 8 , you may opt-out of Microsoft targeted ads in any Skype software client that enables targeted ads by visiting the privacy menu in the Skype software client toolbar .
If you opt-out , you will still receive advertisements based on your country of residence , language preference , and IP address location , but other targeting information will not be used .
For more information about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information , please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Supplement .
In some instances , Microsoft Advertising may facilitate the placement of advertisements in Skype software client by other online advertising networks .
These companies currently include , but are not limited to : 24/7 Real Media , aCerno , Inc , AdBlade , AdConion , AdFusion , Advertising.com , AppNexus , Bane Media , Brand.net , CasaleMedia , Collective Media , Fox Interactive , Interclick , Millennial , ROI Media , Social Media , SpecificMedia , Tribal Fusion , ValueClick , Yahoo ! , YuMe and Zumobi .
If you have opted-out of targeted ads in the Skype client as outlined above , Skype will not pass any profile information to such advertising providers with the ad request .
However , because these third parties may place cookies on your computer that facilitate their own targeting , the Skype opt-out mechanism described above will not necessarily prevent ad targeting by these companies .
These companies may offer you a way to opt-out of ad targeting based on their cookies .
You may find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to the Web sites of each company .
Many of them are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies .
If you choose to opt-out , Skype 's advertisements will still be delivered to you but information about your relationship with Skype 's websites or the Skype software will not be used for this purpose .
It may include your Skype username , full name , address , telephone and mobile numbers , gender , date of birth , country , language , about me page URL , and any other information that you decide to make available .
If you use the Qik products , you will have a Qik user profile .
A username and optional first name and last name is displayed when you stream videos , upload videos , or send messages .
Based on your privacy settings , any content that you submit to Qik may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels and may be viewed by the general public .
LINKED WEBSITES AND THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS
Skype websites may contain links that will let you leave Skype 's website and access another website .
Linked websites are not under the control of Skype and these websites have different privacy policies .
The Skype Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information that is acquired on the websites or through your use of the Skype software , Skype products and/or your relationship with Skype , so Skype urges you to be careful when you enter any personal information online .
Skype accepts no responsibility or liability for these other websites .
If you use any extras , plug-ins or third party applications together with the Skype software or use any third party applications or products that incorporate or embed the Skype software ( Applications ) , the provider of such Applications may obtain access to certain personal information about you .
Skype does not and can not control how the provider of Applications may use any personal information connected in connection with such Applications .
Please ensure that you review any privacy policies or other terms applicable to the use of such Application before installation .
HOW DOES SKYPE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Skype will take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the personal data and traffic data provided to it or collected by it with due observance of the applicable obligations and exceptions under the relevant legislation .
Your personal and traffic data can only be accessed by authorized employees of Microsoft or its affiliates , subsidiaries or service providers who need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties .
Skype may use automated scanning within Instant Messages and SMS to ( a ) identify suspected spam and/or ( b ) identify URLs that have been previously flagged as spam , fraud , or phishing links .
In limited instances , Skype may capture and manually review instant messages or SMS in connection with Spam prevention efforts .
Skype may , in its sole discretion , block or prevent delivery of suspected Spam , and remove suspicious links from messages .
PERSONAL DATA OF FRIENDS
You may be interested in inviting your friends to join Skype .
In the event you wish to use Skype 's referral service , you will be directed to a webpage and will have the possibility of adding one or more email addresses in an online form .
The information entered in this form , will only be used for the purposes of automatically generating an email message to these potential Skype users .
By entering your friend 's email address you are confirming that your friend has consented to the supply of their details .
Skype may identify you as the person who has made the referral in the invitation sent to your friend and will include your name , email address and/or phone number in such invitation .
Skype may from time to time ask you to provide information on your experiences which will be used to measure and improve quality .
You are at no time under any obligation to provide any of such data .
Any and all information which is voluntarily submitted in feedback forms on the website or any survey that you take part in is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the Skype software , and Skype and other Microsoft products and websites .
Skype may contact you to send you messages about faults and service issues .
Further , Skype reserves the right to use email , the Skype software or SMS to notify you of any eventual claims related to your use of Skype software , the Skype websites and/or Skype products , including without limitation claims of violation of third party rights .
Skype may send you alerts by email or SMS to notify you when someone has tried to contact you .
Skype may also use email , SMS or the Skype software to keep you up to date with news about the Skype software and Skype products that you have purchased and/or to inform you about other Skype products or other Skype related information .
If you have registered for or use co-branded Skype products , the emails or SMS that you receive may be from our partner company , acting on Skype 's behalf .
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS OR AMEND YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have the right to access and , where relevant , to amend your personal information .
We will respond to requests to view , correct , complete or remove your personal information within a reasonable period of time and upon verification of your identity .
Skype will use all reasonable endeavours to accommodate requests to delete personal information unless it is required to be retained by law or for lawful business purposes .
However , please note that due to the technical nature of the peer to peer network , it can sometimes take up to two weeks before your Skype ID disappears completely from the peer to peer network .
Your details may still appear in the search directory during this time .
HOW LONG IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA KEPT BY SKYPE
Skype will retain your information for as long as is necessary to : ( 1 ) fulfill any of the Purposes ( as defined in article 2 of this Privacy Policy ) or ( 2 ) comply with applicable legislation , regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts .
Retention of Instant Messages , Voice messages Messages , and Video Messages ( Skype internet communications software application only )
Your instant messaging ( IM ) , Voice messages , and video message content ( collectively messages ) may be stored by Skype ( a ) to convey and synchronize your messages and ( b ) to enable you to retrieve the messages and history where possible .
Depending on the message type , messages are generally stored by Skype for a maximum of between 30 and 90 days unless otherwise permitted or required by law .
This storage facilitates delivery of messages when a user is offline and to help sync messages between user devices .
For IM , if you have linked your Skype and Microsoft accounts , you may have the option to choose to store your full IM history for a longer period .
In that case , your IMs may be stored in your Outlook.com Messaging folder until you manually delete them .
For Video messages , you may also choose to store messages for an extended period if the sender is a Premium Member .
Skype will take appropriate technical and security measures to protect your information .
By using this product , you consent to the storage of your IM , Voice messages , and video message communications as described above .
Microsoft account ( formerly known as Windows Live ID and Microsoft Passport ) is a service that allows you to sign into Microsoft products ( including Skype ) , web sites and services , as well as those of select Microsoft partners .
If you have a Skype account , you may connect it to a Microsoft account in order to view your contacts and other information from both accounts in one place .
If you choose to connect your Skype account to your Microsoft account , Outlook.com users who communicate with you or who add you to their contacts may be invited to connect with you on Skype .
To use the Skype app on a Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 device , you must first sign into Windows with a Microsoft account .
After you have launched the app for the first time , you will be signed into the app whenever you are signed into Windows with your Microsoft account on that same device .
For more information about Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 , please visit their privacy statements , located here and here , respectively .
To view additional details about Microsoft account , including how to create and use a Microsoft account , how to edit account information , and how we collect and use information relating to a Microsoft account , please visit the Microsoft account privacy statement
Skype 's websites and software clients are not intended for or designed to attract users under the age of 13 .
We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission .
When you use Skype on your phone , Skype may use notification services available for that phone to let you know of incoming calls , chats and other messages when you are not actively running or using the Skype application .
These services may be provided by a third party .
For example , messages sent to an Apple device will use Apple 's Push Notification Services .
Notification services may receive information about the caller , sender of the message and the content of the message as part of providing the service and may use the information in accordance with the terms and conditions and privacy policy for the service provider .
Skype is not responsible for the data collected by third party notification services .
If you do not want to use third party notification services to receive notification of incoming Skype calls and messages , you can disable this in Settings > Notifications > Skype .
CAN THIS PRIVACY POLICY BE MODIFIED
Skype will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our software and/or products and customer feedback .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy at skype.com/go/privacy , we will update the `` last revised '' date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy .
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we will use your personal information , we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification .
You agree that your continued use of the Skype software or Skype products after notice shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Skype is collecting , using , and protecting your information .
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT SKYPE
To contact Skype in relation to the Skype branded software or products , please submit a support request to customer support team .
Skype Software S. r.l / Skype Communications S. r.l .
23-29 Rives de Clausen
For members of Skype Manager in the United States only :
Palo Alto , California 94304 , USA
Skype and/or Microsoft Last updated : November 2013

Privacy and cookie policy
Last updated : 16 October 2013
Skyscanner Limited ( hereinafter `` Skyscanner '' or `` us '' or `` we '' as the context requires ) is a private limited company , registered in the UK ( Reg No - 04217916 ) based at Quartermile One , 15 Lauriston Place , Edinburgh EH3 9EN .
We are a leading global provider of flight and travel search services , serving millions of users every month with instant online comparisons for millions of flights , as well as car hire and hotels .
When our users find a deal they want , we connect them to the relevant airline or travel agent to make a booking direct with that third party .
We do not take bookings ourselves or hold any details of bookings or payments .
This Privacy and Cookie Policy governs your access to and use of any Skyscanner services , websites , applications , widgets ( including , without limitation the 'Skytools ' branded widgets ) , tools or other materials operated or otherwise provided by Skyscanner ( the `` Skyscanner Services '' ) .
Skyscanner is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and we make it our highest priority to safeguard the confidentiality of any and all personal details you provide to us .
As a visitor to or user of the Skyscanner Services you have the right to know and understand our information privacy practices prior to providing us with any of your personal details .
This page explains our Privacy Policy .
This policy ( together with our Terms of Service and any other applicable terms and conditions or documents referred to therein ) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you , or that you provide to us , will be processed by us .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it .
By using the Skyscanner Services , you consent to ( i ) the collection and use of your IP Details ( as defined below ) , Personal Information ( as defined below ) and location data ; and ( ii ) the use of Cookies , in accordance with this policy .
If we change our privacy policy at any time , these changes will be reflected in this Privacy Policy .
Information Collection and Use
We may collect information from you at several stages during your use of the Skyscanner Services .
We may collect and process the following information about you :
Where you are accessing the Skyscanner Services via a computer , we may collect information about that computer , including where available your IP address , operating system , browser type , referring URLs , page views and access times ( `` IP Details '' ) .
We use such information for system administration , to analyse trends , track users ' movements and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and partners .
This is statistical data about our users ' browsing actions and patterns , and does not identify any individual .
For the same reason , we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a `` cookie '' file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer .
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser , and stored by the browser .
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server .
This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser .
We may use both `` session '' cookies and `` persistent '' cookies on our websites .
We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the websites .
We will use the persistent cookies to enable our websites to recognise you when you visit .
We use cookies to make your use of our websites easier .
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website .
For instance , by allowing a cookie from our websites , you would not have to set your currency or language preferences each time you used our website , thereby saving time while on our website .
As such , cookies allow you to get the most out of our websites .
In addition , as the cookie is stored on your computer , the data gathered by the cookie remains under your control .
Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some features of these and other websites .
We therefore recommend you permit the use of cookies when using our websites .
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser .
Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted , or until they reach a specified expiry date .
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies , whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies .
For example , in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking `` Tools '' , `` Internet Options '' , `` Privacy '' , and selecting `` Block all cookies '' using the sliding selector .
Blocking all cookies will , however , have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites , including our websites .
We also use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our websites .
Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies , which are stored on users ' computers .
The information generated is anonymous and is used to create reports about the use of the website .
Google will store this information .
Where you access our websites or any other Skyscanner Services using a mobile phone or other electronic device , we may use Ad-X technology to help us analyse the use of the Skyscanner Services and to understand the effectiveness of our marketing activities .
Ad-X technology generates such anonymous information by using non-persistent device ID tracking such as IDFA as well as other non-personal tracking mechanisms .
Ad-X processes this information on our behalf .
We publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our websites .
These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests .
To determine your interests , Google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies .
Third-party companies may collect and use information about your visits to our , and other third parties ' , websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We may collect and process the following data ( `` Personal Information '' ) about you :
where you choose to register to use our websites or certain other of the Skyscanner Services , either through a web browser or mobile application ( our `` sign-in service '' ) , we will collect certain personal information provided by you which may include your user ID , password , name and email address .
Additional information may be requested in future to improve the level of service we can provide you , and to allow access to additional Skyscanner services .
any information that you provide by filling in forms on or through our websites or any other of the Skyscanner Services .
This includes information provided by you if subscribing to our newsletter , posting material , searching for or saving travel options or requesting further services .
We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us and when you report a problem with our website our other Skyscanner Services .
if you contact us , we may keep a record of that correspondence .
Where you contact us through the 'Contact Us ' section of our websites , your query will be routed to our customer service team through a third party service desk .
information you provide to us when you complete surveys that we use for research purposes .
information that you provide to us as a result of your connecting to our websites or other Skyscanner Services from a third party application , social networking or other site .
When using a Skyscanner application on a mobile phone or other electronic device , you may be prompted to provide your credit or debit card details by way of an auto-fill feature .
Where you provide such details they will be stored only on the device you use to access or use the Skyscanner application in question and will not be stored or processed by us in any way .
Where you elect to make a booking with a third party provider , the credit or debit card details you provided will be used to auto-fill the relevant credit or debit card detail section on that third party provider 's website in order to make the booking process easier .
When using the Booking via Skyscanner ' service ( the Booking Service ) , any personal information you provide will be collected , processed and stored by the relevant third party booking partner operating that service ( Booking Partner ) in accordance with that Booking Partner 's terms of service and privacy policy as notified to you via the Booking Service .
Where permitted within the terms of the relevant Booking Partner 's terms of service and privacy policy , that Booking Partner may provide certain of your personal information ( excluding payment details or other financial information ) back to us for use in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We may obtain information relating to your geographical location ( `` Location Data '' ) where you use any Skyscanner Services .
We will use such Location Data only for the purpose of identifying which airport is nearest to you at that time and will not retain this information or share it with third parties .
We will use Cookies and the IP Details and Personal Information that we hold about you in the following ways :
to ensure that content from our websites and other Skyscanner Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer , mobile phone or other electronic device .
to provide you with information , products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you .
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us .
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service , when you choose to do so .
to notify you about changes to our service .
to respond to customer support queries where you have supplied personal information .
We will not sell , share , or provide your IP Details , Cookies , Personal Information and Location Data ( together , your `` Information '' ) to others other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy or where we are required to do so by law .
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your Information to any member of our group , which means our subsidiaries , our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries , as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 .
In addition , we may disclose your Information to third parties :
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets , in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
if Skyscanner Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party , in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets ; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of Skyscanner Limited , our customers , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Where we direct you to websites of third party flight or travel provider companies for you to make bookings , we may use your Information to auto-fill selected details within the third party companies website in order to make the booking process easier and more efficient for you .
Sometimes we use third parties to process your information on our behalf .
We require these third parties ( some of which may be based outside of the EEA ) to comply strictly with our instructions and we require that they do not use your Information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your Information in this way .
Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected , and in compliance with applicable data protection/privacy legislation .
We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that they meet our standards .
All Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers .
Where we have given you ( or where you have chosen ) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or other Skyscanner Services , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential .
We ask you not to share this password with anyone .
Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure .
Although we will do our best to protect your Information , we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites or other Skyscanner Services ; any transmission is at your own risk .
Once we have received your Information , we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access .
Links to third party websites
The Skyscanner Services contain links to third party websites .
In particular , Skyscanner Services may direct you to the websites of third party flight or travel provider companies for you to make bookings ( including , without limitation , via the Booking Service ) .
In order to book flights , you will provide personal data to the operators of such websites ( including , without limitation , Booking Partners ) .
When contacting us through the contact us form or FAQ content on our website , you will provide personal data that is handled by a customer support third party website .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
When you leave or otherwise cease using the Skyscanner Services , we encourage you to read the privacy statements/policies of each and every third party website that collects personal data from you .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us via the Skyscanner Services .
In order to provide you with a useful social experience when using Skyscanner Services , we may give you the option to export/import information from/to such Skyscanner Services to/from third party applications and websites , including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter .
Please be aware when exporting such information you may be disclosing your information to the individuals or organisations responsible for operating and maintaining such third party applications and sites and that your information may be accessible by others visiting or using those applications or sites .
We do not own or operate the applications or websites that you connect with and you should review the privacy policies of such websites to make sure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use the information you share with them .
When you connect to our websites or other Skyscanner Services from a third party application , social networking or other site then you consent to the collection by us of your information as stored with that other third party .
This information may be used by us to enhance your use of our website or other Skyscanner Services .
When we do obtain information about you from these third parties , we will process the information in accordance with our own privacy policy .
You have the right to access personal data which you have submitted through the Skyscanner Services which are stored by us .
Where you are a user of our sign-in service , you can manage or remove your information from our database by accessing your profile through the My Account area of our websites .
By signing in to My Account you will have the option to manage your personal profile and preferences .
The management system allows you to update or delete your information from our database .
We also allow you to subscribe or unsubscribe to / from any of the email updates you have requested form the website or other Skyscanner Services .
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes .
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data .
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us by clicking here .
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you .
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act .
Any access request may be subject to a fee of up to 10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you .
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 , the data controller is Skyscanner Limited , and we can be contacted at the address below .
We do not want to send you unwanted email .
You can opt-out from our mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link contained in every mail we send .
Email addresses are collected via our websites ( including via our Facebook and other social media pages ) , apps and via co-registration partners .
We use email addresses to send our weekly newsletter , and occasional special offers and deals .
We sometimes run promotions with partners and competition entries may require you to provide an email address .
These email addresses may be shared with the partner running the competition .
In such cases , this is clearly stated in the terms of the promotion .
We have no responsibility for subsequent use or distribution of email addresses by our partners .
If you have any questions about this policy , please contact us by email .
Or by post via the following address :
Please note : We do not take bookings or hold any details of bookings or payments .
If you have an enquiry regarding a booking , you must contact the airline or travel agent as we can not assist you .

Updated August 2 , 2013
We value your privacy as much as we value ours .
That 's why we at SkyscraperCity.com wish to emphasize these underlying principles :
We make it a point not to ask for personal information that we do n't really need .
We wo n't disclose your personal information to anybody , unless it 's for legal purposes , company and/or product development or to safeguard the rights of the company .
It is SkyscraperCity.com policy to respect and keep private any personal information we may collect from you in the course of operating our website .
For the general public , registration is not necessary to be able to use this website .
But to be able to participate and post in our forum , a registration form should be filled out completely with your desired username , password and email address .
Your email address will be used to verify your membership and to contact you about forum related concerns .
SkyscraperCity.com retains sole ownership of all the information collected on this website .
We do not share any personally identifying information with outside third parties .
SkyscraperCity.com reserves the right to disclose your personally identifying information when legally required and when the information is relevant for the protection of our rights , including but not limited to compliance to a legal process or court order served to our website .
If you are a forum member , please be aware that when you share or post personally identifying information , that that information can be seen , stored or utilized by other forum members whom you chose to share the information with .
This may result in you receiving unsolicited messages and other forms of communication , depending on the information you shared .
SkyscraperCity.com will not be responsible for personally identifying information that you share or post in the forum .
Log files contain information that is usually made available by your web browser and is stored on our web server .
This non personally identifying information includes the following : browser type , language preference , referring site and the date and time of every page request .
Just like most other sites , we collect this information to have a better understanding of how our visitors use our website , be able to generate reports on the trends relevant to the usage of our website , help with website administration , analyze user activities on the site , and collect information about our user base in general .
We do not link the information contained in these log files to personally identifying information and we will never distribute them to outside third parties .
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your computer .
This file contains information that your browser provides to the website each time you return .
Cookies are used for record keeping purposes .
A web beacon is a transparent graphical image that serves to monitor your interaction with a website .
This , along with cookies and log files , provides us with analytical information that we can use to improve website performance and user experience in general .
SkyscraperCity.com uses advertisements to cover the costs of operating .
Third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to SkyscraperCity.com .
Google 's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to SkyscraperCity.com and/or other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager .
More information on Google advertising policies & principles can be found here .
We 're currently testing ad serving from CPX Interactive ( opt-out ) and Skimlinks ( opt-out ) .
General information about third-party vendor 's use of cookies for interest based advertising , or opting out of these , can be found here .
If you do not wish to enable cookies , simply adjust your browser settings before using our website and turn off cookies for SkyscraperCity.com or our third party advertisers .
Bear in mind , however , that disabling cookies may affect how our site will function for you ( e.g . being unable to log in ) .
Links to Other Sites
SkyscraperCity.com contains links leading to other websites that are not owned or managed by us .
Because we are not responsible for how these sites handle your privacy , we encourage you to check out the Privacy Policies of those other websites before giving out your personal information .
SkyscraperCity.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as it deems necessary .
A notification will be posted on this page , on the homepage of this website , and on other pages deemed appropriate , so that you 'll always know what information we collect and what we do with it .
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy .
You may contact at the following address :
Rotterdam , 3011 AT
Or , you may contact us by email or via Private Message in the forums .

Slate 's Privacy Policy
Our data-collection practices .
This Privacy Policy governs Slate 's data collection practices .
At the same time that Slate is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs , we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information .
In adopting this Privacy Policy , our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy .
Please note : this policy applies only to information collected by Slate , and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by Slate , Graham Holdings Company or its divisions or affiliates through other means .
What personally identifiable information do I provide to Slate
Slate may ask you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site .
For example , Slate may ask for information such as your name or e-mail address .
The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize your experience .
We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion , when you participate in our message boards , or when you order products from Slate .
Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us , we will make an effort to link to our Privacy Policy .
See below about `` cookies '' and what other information is collected .
How does Slate use my personally identifiable information
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you , the user , with a customized experience on our network of sites .
This includes personalization services , interactive communications , online shopping and many other types of services , most of which are completely free to you .
Slate uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways .
Some examples follow .
A user 's personally identifiable information may be used by Slate for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey .
Additionally , we may also use the information provided by you to : 1 ) contact you with legal notices , 2 ) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions , and 3 ) account status ( including confirmation of registrations ) .
We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about Slate , Graham Holdings Company and its affiliates .
Further , if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us , we will send you those e-mail subscriptions .
Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences , we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy ( e.g. , to notify you about changes or additions to our Service , such as new features ) .
In order to provide services free of charge , we display advertisements .
Slate delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers .
Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , females over 25 years old ) .
We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria .
In this process , the advertiser never has access to your Slate.com account .
Slate also does research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration , on order forms , during a promotion , as well as from our server log files or from surveys .
We do this to better understand and serve our users .
This research is compiled and analyzed , and Slate may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses .
In addition , under confidentiality agreements , Slate may match user information with third party data .
If Slate changes its use of your personally identifiable information , it will notify you by the email that you provided at registration and /or prominently post such changes in this Privacy Policy .
Do other companies or people have access to personally identifiable information I provide to Slate
When you are on an area of Slate and are asked for personally identifiable information , you are providing that information to Slate , Graham Holdings Company , its divisions or affiliates , or vendors providing contractual services for Slate ( such as hosting vendors and list managers ) .
If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these , our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference , if requested .
Additional information about personally identifiable information follows .
Promotions : Promotions that run on Slate may be sponsored by companies other than Slate or may be co-sponsored by Slate , and another company .
Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor .
If information will be shared , we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer .
You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do n't want your personally identifiable information to be shared .
In certain circumstances , you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information .
Currently , most Slate promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents .
Advertisers and Links : Slate advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our site , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you .
The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to Slate are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers , sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access .
Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies .
Slate users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection , a user 's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside Slate , Graham Holdings Company , its divisions or affiliates , or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer .
Slate , Graham Holdings Company or its divisions or affiliates may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement , may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) Slate 's rights or property , other Slate users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities , pursuant to a request from law enforcement , a subpoena , or a court order , or when otherwise required by law .
Data Security : We have in place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online .
However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet .
What information do web servers collect
Web servers serving Slate automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors .
This information is used for various purposes including internal review , to tailor information to individual visitors and other users , for traffic audits , and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy .
We also provide this information ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) about our users on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our advertisers .
What are cookies and how does Slate use them
Slate places a `` cookie '' on the browser of a Slate user 's computer to store and sometimes track information about you .
A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site ; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns .
For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit .
We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service .
Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies .
You may opt out of those cookies as described below .
You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by Slate by changing the setting on your browser .
Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by Slate .
How Can I Opt-Out of Online Advertising Cookies
Online advertising for the Service is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick .
DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads - for instance , to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements .
In some cases , we and advertisers on the Service work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests .
These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant .
Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads .
In this case , an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers ' hosting service for a particular advertisement .
In that case , an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service .
We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name , address or e-mail address .
In general , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If , in limited circumstances , we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace , and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena .
If we need to change our policy in the future , we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect .
Users of this site who have signed up for the Microsoft Passport Network ( the `` Passport Service '' ) will also be subject to the Microsoft Passport Network Privacy Policy for services provided pursuant to the Passport Service .
Related : Terms of Service and Discussion and Submission Guidelines

This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting a prominent notice on the Site .
Please consult this page regularly for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy , terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service .
As used in this policy , the terms ? using ? and ? processing ? information include using cookies on a computer , subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way , including , but not limited to , collecting , storing , evaluating , modifying , deleting , using , combining , disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally .
As used in this policy , terms such as ? we ? and ? our ? refer to SlideShare LLC as well as its affiliates , including LinkedIn Corporation and LinkedIn Ireland Limited .
Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site , services , features and content , to administer User accounts ( ? Accounts ? ) ( together , the ? Service ? ) and to enable Visitors to enjoy and easily navigate the Site .
When you register with us through the Site , or when you choose to add information to your profile or elect to submit your personal information to third parties through the Site and the Services , we will ask you for personally identifiable information .
This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ( ? Personal Information ? ) .
Personal Information may include , but is not limited to , your name , email address , home address , phone number and certain information related to your social networks , including login credentials .
If you apply for a ? Business Account ? , we may also ask for your payment information and information related to your business , such as address , phone number , and other relevant details .
We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries and requests .
We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile page ( e.g. , without limitation , zip code ( on its own ) and individual preferences ) or in connection with your usage of the Service ( e.g. , without limitation , liking certain content and following certain Users ) ( ? Non-Identifying Information ? ) .
We use your Personal Information ( in some cases , in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information ) mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries and requests .
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers ( for example , combining your zip code with your street address ) in a way that enables you to be identified .
But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information ( for example , your viewing preferences ) .
We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from others who use SlideShare to attempt to provide you with a better experience , to personalize the content ( including sponsored content ) offering , to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used .
We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically , for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions .
We also use your Personal Information to contact you with SlideShare marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your ? member preferences ? information .
( See ? Changing or Deleting Information , ? below . )
If you apply to join the SlideShare team , you may provide Personal Information through an online form that may be maintained for us by a third party service provider noted on such form ( e.g . Wufoo ) in accordance with their online terms and policies , solely for the purpose of processing such application .
When you visit the Site , whether as a registered SlideShare user ( a ? User ? ) or a non-registered visitor just browsing ( any of these , a ? Visitor ? ) , our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( ? Log Data ? ) .
This Log Data may include information such as your computer ? s Internet Protocol ( ? IP ? ) address , browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site , content and pages of our Site that you visit , the time spent on those pages and content , information you search for on our Site , access times and dates , and other statistics .
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site ? s technical administration , to increase our Site ? s functionality and user-friendliness , and to better tailor it to our visitors ? needs .
For example , some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again , it will recognize you and serve information appropriate to your interests .
We also use this information to verify that Visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests .
We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information , though we may aggregate , analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information .
Like many websites , we use ? cookies ? to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer ? s hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies for two purposes .
First , we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site .
Second , we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Visitors and web traffic routing on the Site .
Unlike persistent cookies , session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser .
Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service .
Web Beacons / Gifs
We employ and our third party advertising partners employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Specifically , clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , which we use in combination with cookies to measure the number of unique views of content and depth of interaction with content ( e.g . how many slides were viewed and time spent per slide ) , on this Site or other sites where content from SlideShare is embedded .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user ? s computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to your Personal Information .
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our email communications , including campaigns .
If you would like to opt-out of these emails , you may do so by clicking the unsubscription link at the bottom of the email .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile page , other Visitors will see your ? User Name ? and the thumbnail image you choose to provide , if any .
You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile ( ? Additional User Information ? ) .
Providing Additional User Information is voluntary and , because most of your profile is publicly displayed ( with the exceptions specified in the Account settings , such as gender ) , should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Users or Visitors .
We recommend that you guard your sensitive information and not provide Personal Information you would not want to be public , whether on your profile , in presentations , comments , user forums , public blog or otherwise on the Site .
Furthermore , because of the open nature and purpose of the Service , User actions on the Site ( such as following or being followed by another User or liking and/or commenting on specific content ) can be seen by any Visitors .
In some instances , we may offer you the option to share your Personal Information through the Site or the Services with entities or individuals , including our Business Account holders , partners and other trusted entities , that offer products or services that are of interest to you and will share your Personal Information based on your Account settings .
Please note that when you authorize us to share your information with third parties on your behalf , your information is subject to that third party ? s privacy policy , and not this Privacy Policy .
We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies and practices .
We may offer you the option to log into your SlideShare Account with your credentials from social networks such as LinkedIn or Facebook , bind your respective existing accounts or co-register with SlideShare and LinkedIn at the same time .
This enables the publication to your streams on such social networks , in accordance with your applicable Account settings ( which you may change at any time ) and the privacy policies of the respective social networks ( which may collect Log Data and set a cookie to provide this feature ) , of the content you upload to this Site and your social actions ( e.g . your likes and comments on this Site ) .
This also enables us to show you updates regarding content-related actions ( e.g . postings , likes , comments ) by Users with which you are connected on the respective networks .
Such connected Users will also be able to see updates regarding your own such activity .
We may also use Log Data and other Non-Identifying Information to further personalize your experience and the experiences of others on this Site and on LinkedIn , e.g . to display more relevant , customized content ( which may include sponsored content ) both on your SlideShare newsfeed and on LinkedIn ( including Pulse ) , whether or not you bound the respective accounts .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising and information about other products and services .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service , to provide the Service on our behalf , to perform Site-related services ( e.g. , without limitation , maintenance services , database management , web analytics and improvement of the Site ? s features ) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
SlideShare cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including but not limited to subpoenas ) , to protect the property and rights of SlideShare or a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , an illegal , unethical or legally actionable activity .
SlideShare may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
Links to Other Sites
Our Site and Service , as well as the third party material displayed on our Site and through our Service ( the ? Submissions ? ) , contain links to , and may allow you to visit , other websites ( ? Third Party Sites ? ) .
If you choose to visit any of these Third Party Sites by ? clicking on ? another third party link or navigating to a Third Party Site , you will be directed to that third party ? s website .
The fact that we link to a website , either through the Site or a Submission , or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement or offer you the opportunity to interact with , or submit information to , a third party , is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third party websites or their use of any information , including but not limited to your Personal Information , which you choose to submit to them or have us transmit on your behalf .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All registered Users may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile , as well as control the public visibility of certain Personal Information such as street address and phone number , by accessing their Account settings page .
If you completely delete all such information , then your Account may become deactivated .
If you would like us to delete your record in our system or remove a particular comment you have made on the Site ( whether on a User ? s presentation , a blog entry or otherwise ) , please contact us via the contact information below and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record .
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
SlideShare is very concerned with safeguarding your information .
We employ administrative , physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access .
When you enter sensitive payment information on our forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security , confidentiality , or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored ? personal data ? ( as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification ) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay , insofar as consistent with ( i ) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or ( ii ) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system .
Your information may be transferred to ? and maintained on ? computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us , SlideShare transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
Our Policy Toward Children
SlideShare and the Site are not directed to members under 18 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will delete such information from our files .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as ? phishing ? are of great concern to SlideShare .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority .
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , your Account ID , login password , or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
For more information about phishing , visit the Federal Trade Commission ? s website .
TRUSTe and Safe Harbor
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
SlideShare has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
U.S. ? E.U . and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor
SlideShare complies with the U.S. ? E.U . and U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries .
SlideShare has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
1 Montgomery St. , Suite 1300
San Francisco , CA 94104
Note : While we may provide this Privacy Policy in multiple languages for your convenience , please note that the English language version remains binding and will control in the event of discrepancy with any of the translations .
Effective September 9 , 2013 .
Please click here to read our summary of the changes we made to the previous version of the Privacy Policy .

HP respects your privacy
HP and its subsidiaries respect your privacy .
This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way information about you , including from your online activity is collected and how that information is used by HP .
This statement is readily available on our HP.com home page and at the bottom of every HP web page .
HP was a founding sponsor of the Council of Better Business Bureau 's Online Privacy Program and is a BBB Accredited Business .
HP privacy practices are consistent with the BBB Code of Business Practices and we proudly display the BBB seal .
Privacy BBB OnLinenon-HP site
In the development of HP 's privacy policies and standards , we respect and take into account the major principles and frameworks around the world , including the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows , EU Directive 95/46/EC , APEC Privacy Framework , and the Madrid Resolution on International Privacy Standards .
HP complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
HP has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
HP has also established a set of binding corporate rules ( BCR ) , which have been approved by the majority of Data Protection Regulators in the EEA and Switzerland , effective June 2011 .
The BCRs ensure that personal data from the EEA is adequately protected while being processed by any of HP 's global entities .
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles and BCR requirements , HP commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
HP has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints from E.U . citizens or residents regarding transfers of their personal data under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU Safe Harbor , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
HP has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and related practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability , and choice regarding the collection and use of personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trust mark and innovative trust solutions .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Web site .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement or practices , please contact HP using the contact information included at the end of this Statement .
If you are not satisfied with our response , you can refer your complaint to TRUSTe.non-HP site
TRUSTe online privacy certificationnon-HP site
Scope of this Privacy Statement
Collection of personal information
How we use your information
How we share your information
Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences
Access to and accuracy of your information
Keeping your information secure
Changes to this statement
How HP uses automatic data collection tools :
HP ads on third party websites
Scope of this Privacy Statement
HP is a global organization , with legal entities , business processes , management structures , and technical systems that cross borders .
This Privacy Statement applies to all HP-owned websites , domains , services , applications , and products , and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries ( `` HP sites or services '' ) , except that a privacy policy or statement specific to a particular HP program , product , or service may supersede or supplement this Privacy Statement .
Links to non-HP websites
HP sites or services may provide links to third-party applications , products , services , or websites for your convenience and information .
If you access those links , you will leave the HP site .
HP does not control those third party sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from HP 's practices .
We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites .
The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the HP Privacy Statement .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information .
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with HP on various social media sites .
Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you , depending on the feature .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected , used , and shared by those sites .
Collection of personal information
HP collects , exports , and uses personal information to manage your relationship with HP and better serve you by personalizing your experience and interaction with HP .
Such collection is done with appropriate notice and consent , along with required filings with data protection authorities , where required .
HP may collect personal information from you in connection with
product or service orders , activations , and registrations
profile creation and user verification for online services
information requests or complaints
marketing , newsletter or support subscriptions
contest entries or survey participation
visits or browsing on HP websites
The types of personal information you provide to us may include :
personal and business contact information , such as name , address , telephone number , and email address
in some cases , your business contact data may be provided to HP by a designated entity within your business or enterprise ( such as a member of your IT department )
financial information , such as your credit/debit card number or other billing information
government issued identification number and salary
other unique information such as user IDs and passwords , product functionality , product and service preferences , contact preferences , educational and employment background , and job interest data
geo-location data such as your IP address or physical location when you request location based services
If you apply for instant credit , we may ask you to provide additional personal information such as salary , government issued identification number , banking/financial account information , and other information to authenticate you and verify credit worthiness .
This information will be used by our financial services providers in determining whether to extend you credit and how much to extend .
If you choose to use a tell-a-friend or a similar referral program on our site , we will ask you for your friend 's e-mail address , social media handle , phone number , or other contact information to send your friend an invitation to participate in the program .
If you post , comment , indicate interest or complaint , or share personal information , including photographs , to any public forum on an HP site , social network , blog , or other such forum , please be aware that any information you submit can be read , viewed , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to contact you , send you unsolicited messages , or for purposes that neither you nor HP have control over .
HP is not responsible for the personal information you choose to provide in these forums .
In addition to the information you provide , HP may also collect information during your visit to an HP website , web-based application , or a website powered by another company on behalf of HP , through our Automatic Data Collection Tools , which include Web beacons , cookies , and embedded Web links .
These tools collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website , such as your browser type and language , access times , and the address of the website from which you arrived .
They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , unique device identifier , clickstream behavior ( i.e. , the pages you view , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with HP websites or powered by websites ) and product information .
HP may also use some of these Automatic Data Collection Tools in connection with certain emails and communications sent from HP and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email .
To learn more , read How HP uses automatic data collection tools .
HP also collects information from publicly or commercially available sources that it deems credible .
Such information may include your name , address , email address , preferences , interests , and demographic/profile data .
The information HP collects from its public or commercial sources may be used along with the information HP collects when you visit HP 's sites .
For example , HP may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by Automatic Data Collection Tools to derive your general geographic area .
Where necessary , HP may also use information provided by you or your employer , together with information from publicly available and other online and offline sources , to conduct due diligence checks on business contacts as part of HP 's anti-corruption program .
How we use your information
The information HP collects to understand your needs and interests helps HP deliver a consistent and personalized experience .
For example , HP may use your information to
manage our relationship with you
assist you in completing a transaction or order
prevent and detect security threats , fraud or other malicious activity
communicate with you about HP products and services
provide and improve service and support
update you on new services and benefits
provide personalized promotional offers
select content to be communicated to you
personalize some HP websites
measure performance of marketing initiatives , ads , and websites powered by another company on HP 's behalf
allow you to participate in contests and surveys
We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the marketing communications we send ( see Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences ) .
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention .
Salary information , government issued identification number and other sensitive personal information is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or HP and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services , unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases .
How we share your information
HP will not sell , rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Statement .
HP shares personal information in the following ways :
HP retains service providers and suppliers to manage or support its business operations , deliver complete products , services and customer solutions and to assist HP with marketing and communication initiatives .
These providers and suppliers include , for example , credit card processors , providers of customer support and live-help , marketing , email service providers , automated data processors , and shipping agents .
Suppliers and service providers are required by contract to keep confidential and secure the information received on behalf of HP and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for HP .
From time to time , HP participates in marketing initiatives with other companies , including websites powered by another company on behalf of HP .
As part of these initiatives , certain HP services and marketing communications may be delivered at the same time as those from other companies .
Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal information with both HP and the other companies participating in these initiatives .
For example , you may receive marketing communications from HP and other companies or have the opportunity to register online for software products from multiple companies .
If you choose to provide personal information only to HP , HP will not share this information with the other companies participating in that marketing initiative .
If you choose to provide personal information to the other companies , that personal information will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies , which may differ from HP 's policies and practices .
HP may transfer your personal information to other HP-owned business entities in the US and Worldwide .
By accessing HP websites , registering for an account or service , or otherwise providing HP with your personal information , you consent to this transfer of your personal information throughout the global HP network of entities .
Except as described in this Statement , HP will not share the personal information you provide to HP with non-HP third parties without your permission , unless to : ( i ) respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities ; ( ii ) comply with any law , regulation , subpoena , or court order ; ( iii ) investigate and help prevent security threats , fraud or other malicious activity ; ( iv ) enforce/protect the rights and properties of HP or its subsidiaries ; or ( v ) protect the rights or personal safety of HP , our employees , and third parties on or using HP property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law .
Circumstances may arise where , whether for strategic or other business reasons , HP decides to sell , buy , merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries .
Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers , or the receipt of it from sellers .
It is HP 's practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions .
HP does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 , or 14 in Korea , and does not target its websites to children under these ages .
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online and mobile activities and interests .
Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences
HP gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services .
You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and also choose to receive HP general communications .
We give you a choice regarding delivery of HP general communications by postal mail , email , telephone , or mobile device .
You can make or change your choices about receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point or by using other methods , which are listed in the following sections .
This option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion , contracts , support , product safety warnings , driver updates , or other administrative and transactional notices where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature .
Subscription communications include email newsletters , software updates , etc . that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive .
After you request such communications , you may opt out of receiving them by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email subscription communication .
To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words STOP or END .
Return to the Web page ( s ) where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions .
Access to many HP subscriptions is available at the Subscriber 's Choice web page .
Write to the HP Privacy Office .
Be sure to provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about the HP subscriptions that you no longer wish to receive .
Please be aware that when you opt out of receiving certain subscription communications , it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from HP where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services .
HP general communications provide information about products , services , and/or support .
This may include new product or services information , special offers , or invitations to participate in market research or compliance reviews .
You will often be able to use HP Passport to indicate whether you want to receive general communications from HP .
HP Passport is a single-login service that lets you register with HP Passport-enabled websites using a single-user identifier and password of your choice .
HP Passport uses cookies to store your basic personal information so you do n't have to retype it when you return to one of HP 's many websites in the future .
HP Passport also allows you to set your privacy preferences .
Your preferences will apply across HP websites , email , and other communication vehicles that use HP Passport .
If you are unable to use HP Passport , you may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods :
Select the email `` opt out '' or `` unsubscribe '' link , or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication .
To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile devices , reply to the message with the words STOP or END .
Write to the HP Privacy Office .
Be sure to provide your name , relevant contact information , and specific relevant information about your privacy preferences .
Access to and accuracy of your information
HP strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded .
We have implemented technology , management processes and policies to help maintain data accuracy .
HP provides individuals with reasonable access to personal information that they provided to HP and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for anonymization , blockage , or deletion , as applicable .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your data .
To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to HP you can return to the web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that web page , use HP Passport where enabled , or contact the HP Privacy Office .
Keeping your personal information secure
HP takes seriously the trust you place in us .
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure , to maintain data accuracy , and to ensure the appropriate use of the information , HP utilizes reasonable and appropriate physical , technical , and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect and process .
HP retains data only as required or permitted by local law and while it has a legitimate business purpose .
When collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information we use a variety of additional security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure .
The personal information you provide us is stored on computer systems located in controlled facilities which have limited access .
When we transmit highly confidential information ( such as credit card number or password ) over the internet , we protect it through the use of encryption , such as the Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes .
As part of real-time payment processing , HP subscribes to fraud management services .
This service provides HP with an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud and to protect your financial data .
Changes to this Statement
If we modify our Privacy Statement , we will post the revised statement here , with an updated revision date .
If we make significant changes to our Statement that materially alter our privacy practices , we may also notify you by other means , such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect .
We value your opinions .
If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Statement , privacy at HP or wish to make a complaint please send them to the HP Privacy Office or write to us at the following address :
Canada , Most of Latin American , and US :
Houston , Texas 77070
Prolongacin Reforma No . 700
Colonia Lomas de Santa Fe
Mxico , D.F. , C.P.01210
Europe , Middle East , and Africa :
1 Avenue du Canada
HP Les Ulis -91947 France
Asia-Pacific and Japan :
HP APJ Privacy Office
Concord West , NSW 2138
Rev . November 2013
How HP uses automatic data collection tools
The following sections provide additional information about commonly-used web technology tools .
A cookie is a small data file transferred by a website to your computer 's hard drive .
HP or its service providers send cookies when you surf our site or sites where our ads appear , make purchases , request or personalize information , or register yourself for certain services .
Accepting the cookies used on our site , sites that are powered by another company on HP 's behalf , or sites where our ads appear may give us access to information about your browsing behavior , which we may use to personalize your experience .
Cookies are typically classified as either session cookies or persistent cookies .
Session cookies do not stay on your computer after you close your browser .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer until you delete them or they expire .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default , but you can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser .
If you turn off cookies , there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly .
In certain countries you may also adjust your HP.com and associated cookie preferences by using a preference manager tool in this Statement which is available from the site you are visiting .
You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences in the help and support section of your browser .
From time to time , HP will use Flash local shared objects ( LSOs ) to store Flash content information and preferences .
LSOs perform similar functions to HTML browser cookies and deposit small files on your computer , which are commonly called Flash cookies .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
To learn more about Flash Cookies and how to manage the related privacy and storage settings , please visit the Adobe Systems website non-HP site .
Most web browsers offer you the ability to inform websites and ad networks that you do not want your online activities tracked through a Do Not Track feature .
Some HP.com and third-party web pages , applications , and HTML-formatted email use Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your website usage and your interaction with email , as well as to measure performance on hp.com , applications , and websites powered by another company on HP 's behalf .
A web beacon is an electronic image , called a single-pixel ( 1x1 ) or clear GIF .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies , the time and date of a page viewed , and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed .
Depending on the context , web beacons may also refer to content on a third-party server , and may be used by service providers to deliver relevant advertising to you .
You may be able to disable web beacons in email messages by not downloading images contained in the message you receive ( this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer ) .
However , doing this may not always disable a web beacon or other automatic data collection tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities .
For more information about this , please refer to the information provided by your email software or service provider .
If you choose to receive marketing emails or newsletters from HP as specified in Your choices and selecting your privacy preferences , HP may automatically collect personal information about you .
For example , through web beacons and personalized URLs embedded in these emails or newsletters , HP can track whether you 've opened those messages and whether you 've clicked on links contained within those messages .
For more information on embedded web links , see below .
Emails from HP , Internet keyboard keys preconfigured by HP , and promotional icons preinstalled on your PC desktop often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the Web , after redirection through HP 's servers .
The redirection system allows HP to change the destination URL of these links , if necessary , and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives .
In emails , such web links may also allow HP to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email , and this information about the interaction may be connected to your personal identity .
If you do not want HP to collect information about the links that you click , you can :
change your choice about how you receive communications from HP ( i.e . choose a text-based version of the message where available ) or choose not to click links in an email that HP sends
delete the promotional icons preinstalled by HP on your PC desktop or choose not to click on those
reconfigure the Internet keyboard keys on certain PC models to launch a destination URL of your choice by using the instructions provided with your PC
HP ads and offerings on third-party websites
HP contracts with service providers to place ads on websites owned by third parties .
In addition , some websites may be powered by a service provider to provide HP offers on HP 's behalf .
These service providers may send cookies from and use web beacons on these third-party websites and on hp.com .
The cookies and web beacons may enable HP to collect information about the pages you viewed and the links you clicked .
Additional information about webOS devices
In addition to the collection and usage practices described in the HP Privacy Statement , this information applies to webOS and the software and services associated with webOS .
HP collects and uses webOS-specific information in the following ways :
If you set up an account to receive services we provide through your webOS device , we will collect your name , phone number , email address and account settings to process your registration and provide those services .
If you use services we provide through your webOS device , we will collect information relevant to providing the services and as you designate .
Device Diagnostics , Analytics and Updates .
In order to improve our product and service offerings , your webOS device includes remote diagnostics , analytics , and software update services .
Your webOS device collects technical information related to your device ( including serial number , unique device identifier , diagnostic information , usage and crash logs , application configurations , etc . ) as required to help identify and troubleshoot issues , and to provide and improve service .
Back-up and Restore .
When you use a back-up and restore service for data stored on your device , we will automatically and regularly collect information related to your contacts , calendar , tasks , email and messaging , including online account usernames ; account credentials and settings ; memos ; text/MMS/IM messages and conversations ; phone call logs ; web bookmarks and cookies ; installed App Catalog applications ; and preferences , including Location Service preferences to help enable retrieval of that data when restoring or replacing your device .
Additional details , including how to turn off ' the feature can be found at Using Backup .
When you use location-based services , we will collect , transmit , maintain , process , and use your location and usage data ( including both real time geographic information and information that can be used to approximate location ) in order to provide location-based and related services , and to enhance your device experience .
You may choose whether or not to provide your personal information to us .
If you choose not to do so , you may not be able to take advantage of certain webOS products , services , offers , or options that depend on personal information .
For your convenience and information , webOS devices may provide links to third-party websites or include applications from third parties .
HP does not control those third-party sites or applications , nor does HP control their privacy practices , which may differ from HP 's practices .
We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or applications .
The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Statement .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company you interact with before allowing the collection your personal information .
Because HP operates globally , information we gather may be made available to our worldwide business units and subsidiaries .
If you are in the European Economic Area , please note that the personal information you provide will be transferred outside the European Economic Area for use by HP and its affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described above .
By using webOS devices , HP websites , registering for an account or service , or otherwise providing HP with your personal information , you consent to this transfer of your personal information throughout the global HP network of entities .

We do not collect , track , or use information about visitors to snopes.com other than the data that are routinely written to web server activity logs .
We never disclose or publish names , e-mail addresses , or any other personal information sent to us by our readers without express permission .
We do not sell or trade e-mail addresses .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Our site displays advertising from several third-party advertising companies , each of whom has its own privacy policy regarding interactions with Internet users .
Visit the following links to view these individual agencies ' privacy statements :
Urban Legends Reference Pages 1995-2014 by snopes.com .
This material may not be reproduced without permission .
snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com .

Privacy and Data Policy
Soccer Manager will only use information collected about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
Soccer Manager may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to the Web Site ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to the Web Site .
Soccer Manager may also record which parts of the Web Site and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use .
This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used :
process your Communications , your subscription to the Web Site and to enable your use of the Web Site and associated services ;
open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ;
administer prize draws ;
generally run the Web Site
Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie :
Google , as a third-party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on this site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies , Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative website .
By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use .
From time to time Soccer Manager also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you .
Soccer Manager will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent .
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , Soccer Manager is registered with the Information Commissioner Z1222362 .
If you believe Soccer Manager has information about you that you do not want Soccer Manager to have or that is incorrect or please contact Soccer Manager as described below and Soccer Manager shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon a reasonably practicable .
If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact Soccer Manager as described below .
Soccer Manager gives you a choice whether or not you want Soccer Manager or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful .
Soccer Manager wo n't sell or trade personal information to other companies but Soccer Manager would like to keep you informed of the developments on the Web Site and certain Games and Soccer Manager would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) .
Soccer Manager will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already .
Soccer Manager uses 'cookies ' on the Web Site .
Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited the Web Site before is recorded on your computer and used by Soccer Manager to improve the Web Site and the services available to you .
If you do not wish for Soccer Manager to use cookies when you use the Web Site please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies .
Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use the Web Site and Games .
If you do n't disable `` cookies '' the Web Site will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the subscription or Communications forms so that you can use the Web Site with less form filling .

What information do we collect
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter .
When ordering or registering on our site , as appropriate , you may be asked to enter your : e-mail address .
You may , however , visit our site anonymously .
What do we use your information for
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways :
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing , will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order .
How do we protect your information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter , submit , or access your personal information .
We offer the use of a secure server .
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems , and are required to ? keep the information confidential .
After a transaction , your private information ( credit cards , social security numbers , financials , etc . ) will not be stored on our servers .
Do we use cookies
Yes ( Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser ( if you allow ) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties
We do not sell , trade , or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information .
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website , conducting our business , or servicing you , so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential .
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law , enforce our site policies , or protect ours or others rights , property , or safety .
However , non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing , advertising , or other uses .
Occasionally , at our discretion , we may include or offer third party products or services on our website .
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies .
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites .
Nonetheless , we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites .
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA ( Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age .
Our website , products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older .
By using our site , you consent to our web site privacy policy .
This policy was last modified on 24th September 2011
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below .
Slatinany , Czech republic 53821
This policy is powered by Trust Guard , your PCI compliant scan authority .

SocialAnxietySupport.com is committed to your privacy .
This Privacy Policy details how we use your personal identifying information .
This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice to you .
Please review this document each time you visit us or use any of our tools or services .
It is our policy , except as noted below , not to sale , trade , lease , give away or otherwise release your personal information , which includes your name , physical address ( business or home ) , home or business telephone number , your e-mail address and IP address .
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website , conducting our business , or servicing you , so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential .
Exceptions to our Privacy Policy
Possible exceptions to our policy include the following circumstances , and as indicated herein :
If a governmental agency , or an attorney , subpoenas your private information , or makes a formal request for discovery pursuant to any legal action , or pending legal action .
If our attorney requests such information relevant to a current or pending legal matter in which you are a potential or actual party or otherwise contributed in some way to the causation of the legal matter .
When we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or to protect our , your or others ' rights , property , or safety .
Please note that we employ the use of cookies .
We also use a Google related service that employs cookies and such specific information is provided below for your review .
Currently we employ cookies when users create user accounts , but we may further employ cookies to assist the functionality of other tools , services and functions in the future .
Cookies are small programs that enhance your use of the Internet , in general , and specifically we use cookies to enhance your usage of our functions .
The information gathered is not shared with third parties .
You may turn off your cookies by adjusting the appropriate setting on your browser .
Please consult the HELP menu of your browser to learn how to turn your cookies off .
Cookies do not reveal personal information and if you turn off your cookies you may find your enjoyment of the Internet , and our site , to be reduced or impaired .
In order to seek out and repair functionality issues with our servers and related programming , we may use your email and IP addresses for evaluation and diagnostic purposes .
Cookies may provide Recording Session information , show us visitor preferences regarding return visits to our website , help us to mange subscription or private areas on our website , record user specific tracking or aggregate tracking information of visitors and deliver user customized content based on user specific information , such as browser type , screen type and resolution and so forth .
None of the information gathered is shared with third parties unless authorized internally by our executive team .
Other possible uses for the information that we collect includes internal tracking , review , or is used for contacting purposes and then is archived by us for future usage .
We also use the information we collect to provide custom content for our user base .
Google , as a third party vendor providing services to our site , uses cookies to serve ads you may be exposed to .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visit to various sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters .
There are two types of cookies : a persistent cookie and a session cookie .
A persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the cookie folder on your computer 's hard drive .
A persistent cookie remains in that cookie folder , which is maintained and governed by your Web browser , after you close your browser program .
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser .
DoubleClick 's ad-serving and paid search listing ( `` DART Search '' ) products utilize the same cookie : the DART cookie .
The DART cookie is a persistent cookie and consists of the name of the domain that set the cookie ( `` ad.doubleclick.net '' ) , the lifetime of the cookie , and a `` value . ''
DoubleClick 's DART technology generates a unique series of characters for the `` value '' portion of the cookie .
What is the DoubleClick cookie doing on my computer ?
If you have a DoubleClick cookie in your Cookies folder , it is most likely a DART cookie .
The DoubleClick DART cookie helps marketers learn how well their Internet advertising campaigns or paid search listings perform .
Many marketers and Internet websites use DoubleClick 's DART technology to deliver and serve their advertisements or manage their paid search listings .
DoubleClick 's DART products set or recognize a unique , persistent cookie when an ad is displayed or a paid listing is selected .
The information that the DART cookie helps to give marketers includes the number of unique users their advertisements were displayed to , how many users clicked on their Internet ads or paid listings , and which ads or paid listings they clicked on .
Why does your cookie keep coming back after I delete it ?
When you visit any website or search engine on which DoubleClick 's DART technology is used , our servers will check to see if you already have a DART cookie .
If the servers do not receive a DART cookie , the servers will try to set a cookie in response to your browser 's `` request '' to view that Web page .
If you do not want a DART cookie with a unique value , you can obtain a DoubleClick DART `` opt out '' cookie .
Alternatively , you can adjust your Internet browser 's settings for handling cookies .
This is explained in the next question .
How can I adjust my cookie settings to accept or decline cookies ?
To eliminate cookies you may have currently accepted , and to deny or limit cookies in the future , please follow one of these procedures :
IMPORTANT : IF YOU DELETE YOUR OPT-OUT COOKIE , YOU WILL NEED TO OPT-OUT AGAIN .
IF YOUR BROWSER BLOCKS ALL OR THIRD-PARTY COOKIES , YOU WILL BLOCK THE SETTING OF OPT-OUT COOKIES .
If you are using Internet Explorer 6.0 , go to the Tools menu , then to Internet Options , then to the Privacy tab .
This version of Internet Explorer is the first to use P3P to distinguish between types of cookies .
P3P uses standardized privacy statements made by the cookie issuer to manage your acceptance of cookies .
Under the `` Privacy '' tab , click on the `` Advanced '' button .
Select `` Override automatic cookie handling '' and choose whether you want to accept , block or be prompted for `` First-party '' and `` Third-party Cookies . ''
If you want to block all cookies coming from DoubleClick 's doubleclick.net domain , go to the `` Web Sites '' section under the `` Privacy '' tab and click the `` Edit '' button .
In the `` Address of Web site '' field , enter `` doubleclick.net , '' select `` Block , '' click OK ( menu will disappear ) ; click OK again and you will be back to the browser .
If you are using Netscape 6.0+ , go to `` Edit '' in the menu bar , click on `` Preferences , '' click on `` Advanced , '' and select the `` Cookies '' field .
Now check either the box that says , `` Warn me before accepting a cookie '' or `` Disable cookies . ''
Click on `` OK . ''
Now go to your `` Start '' button , click on `` Find , '' click on `` Files and Folders , '' type `` cookies.txt '' into the search box that appears , and click `` Find Now . ''
When the search results appear , drag all files listed , into the `` Recycle Bin . ''
Now shut down and restart your Netscape .
Depending on your earlier choice you will either be prompted by new cookie sets or no cookies will be set or received .
If you are using Mozilla or Safari , please go to their websites to find out how to disable cookies in those programs .
What are Web beacons ?
Web beacons are small strings of HTML code that are placed in a Web page .
They are sometimes called `` clear GIFs '' ( Graphics Interchange Format ) or `` pixel tags . ''
Web beacons are most often used in conjunction with cookies .
DoubleClick uses Web beacons in connection with its products and services , including ad serving and paid search listings ( `` DART Search '' ) .
Because a Web beacon is only 1 pixel high by 1 pixel wide , it appears invisible on your computer screen .
If Web beacons were made larger ( e.g. , 100 pixels high by 100 pixels wide ) , it would take much longer for your Web page to load and would clutter up the page that you have requested .
In 2002 , working with a broad spectrum of companies , including other technology companies , seal providers and websites , DoubleClick helped draft `` Best Practice '' guidelines for disclosing the use of Web beacons .
Please click here to see these guidelines - and a list of the companies that participated in developing them .
What is `` personally identifiable information '' ( `` PII '' ) ?
`` Personally identifiable information '' is any information that can identify or locate a particular person , including but not limited to name , address , telephone number , email address , social security number , bank account number or credit card number .
What is `` non personally identifiable information '' ( `` non-PII '' ) ?
`` Non-personally identifiable information '' is information that can not identify a particular person .
This type of information includes a user 's Internet Service Provider , a computer 's operating system and browser type , and a unique DoubleClick DART cookie ID .
DoubleClick 's ad-serving and search products utilize non-PII .
Some of our clients may associate PII that you have given them ( for example , a customer number , if you have registered at or purchased from their websites ) , with their advertising campaigns .
Although this customer number may be passed from the client to DoubleClick 's ad servers during the ad delivery process , DoubleClick can not recognize this information as PII and can not link it to any person .
What is `` sensitive information ? ''
To DoubleClick , `` sensitive information '' categorically includes but is not limited to data related to an individual 's health or medical condition , sexual behavior or orientation , or detailed personal finances , information that appears to relate to children under the age of 13 at the time of data collection ; and PII otherwise protected under federal or state law ( for example , cable subscriber information or video rental records ) .
DoubleClick does not use any `` sensitive information '' to target Internet advertisements .
What is ad serving ?
In order to support their content without charging visitors , websites sell advertising space on their Web pages .
Companies like DoubleClick provide technology for the websites and advertisers to use to display ads on the websites .
DoubleClick 's ad servers work at the direction - and on behalf - of our clients .
When you visit a website , your computer 's Internet browser transmits a `` request '' to that website 's server , `` asking '' that server to send you the Web page that you are seeking .
Most Web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources .
For example , a Web page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider , its sports results from a different source , and advertisements from other servers .
If the website is using DoubleClick 's technology to display ads on its site , the Web page will contain coding that directs your browser to fill the ad space on the Web page with content from one of DoubleClick 's ad servers .
DoubleClick 's clients select the format , content , and location of the ads , as well as the criteria for controlling which ads to show and when to show them .
DoubleClick 's ad-serving technology uses a cookie to help clients determine what ads to display .
When a `` call '' is received by DoubleClick 's ad servers , the server checks to see if the `` calling '' browser has sent a cookie with the request for advertising .
If the server does n't `` see '' either a unique DoubleClick cookie or an opt-out cookie , after `` testing '' to see whether the browser will accept cookies , the server sets a unique DoubleClick ad cookie .
If the browser already has a unique DoubleClick ad cookie , the server `` recognizes '' the cookie and uses the unique ID for targeting and reporting purposes as specified by the DoubleClick client .
If the browser has an opt-out DoubleClick cookie , the server uses only the non-cookie related information that is automatically transmitted in the Internet environment ( e.g. , browser type , Internet service provider , and information about the general content of the site or page displayed on your browser ) to determine which ad to show .
Sometimes Web beacons are used in conjunction with the DART cookie when clients want more versatile targeting or reporting capabilities .
How does an ad-serving client use DoubleClick 's technology to target or select which ad to deliver ?
Our clients store their ads on DoubleClick 's ad servers .
When you visit a Web page on which a client is using DoubleClick technology to deliver ads , coding that the website publisher placed in the Web page tells your computer 's browser to send a request for an ad to the DoubleClick ad server .
When the DoubleClick ad server receives a request , it will select an ad based on the criteria that the client has chosen together with any information logged against the unique cookie id .
For example , a client 's website may attract an audience of mainly men , aged between 18 and 45 , who are interested in sports , fashion and electronic gadgets .
The client will therefore approach sports , fashion and electronic gadget retailers to see if they would like to advertise on the site .
Those retailers will provide the client with ads , which the client will store on the DoubleClick ad servers .
The client will assign those ads specific codes , such as sports = 1 , fashion = 2 , and electronic gadgets = 3 .
On the pages where the website publisher wants to show all three categories of ads , the website will install an ad tag that contains all three codes .
On pages of the website that the client thinks attracts only men interested in sports , an ad tag that contains only the code for sports , code 1 , may be installed .
DoubleClick does not tell clients which criteria to select or which advertisements to target against those criteria .
Clients choose the categories they wish to attach to the advertising that they have contracted to show , what code ( s ) they wish to attach to those categories , and which code ( s ) they wish to include in each of their ad request tags .
In their contracts with DoubleClick , DoubleClick 's ad-serving clients promise not to use information that DoubleClick could recognize as either `` sensitive '' or `` personally identifiable '' to target ads .
What information is collected by a client using DoubleClick 's ad serving technology ?
Each time one of DoubleClick 's ad servers receives a request for an ad or for a Web beacon , information about the request received and the ad or Web beacon served - for example , the date , the time , the website to which the ad or image was delivered , the cookie ID to which the ad was shown , the operating system which the browser was using - will be recorded .
Does DoubleClick itself do anything with this ad-serving information ?
The information that is recorded on the DoubleClick servers by our clients ' use of our technology belongs to our clients .
Although that information may be logged on a DoubleClick server , DoubleClick 's relationship with the client is that of an agent or processor .
Consequently , DoubleClick does not own that information and can not , therefore , use that information for its own business purposes or in any way not authorized by the relevant client .
DoubleClick clients do , however , give us permission to use statistical or aggregate information derived from their use of the technology - e.g. , statistics about the number of ads served through the technology per month or analyses about , for example , what time of day is the best time to target certain types of ads .
Does DoubleClick sell the ad serving information to other companies ?
The data that DoubleClick 's servers record during ad serving belong to DoubleClick 's clients , and DoubleClick can not and does not sell that information to other companies .
DoubleClick can , however , use its aggregate analyses about the effectiveness of ad campaigns to help clients develop more efficient and successful campaigns .
What are pop-ups and why do I see pop up advertising ?
A pop-up is basically the opening of a new window in your browser .
DoubleClick provides its ad-serving clients with a means of choosing and reporting on ads .
It is the website owners or the advertisers with whom they contract that make the decisions about the format of the ads .
The advertisers choose whether they want to have banner ads or pop ups delivered , and they use our technology to make it happen .
The website owners and advertisers choose the size and frequency of pop-up ads .
DoubleClick has no control over which ad format website publishers or their advertisers choose .
Generally , there are a couple of different ways that you might receive pop up advertising :
1.The site you are currently visiting has sold an advertising opportunity to a marketer and that marketer has chosen to create an advertisement that opens a new browser window .
This is a form of `` traditional '' Internet advertising .
2.You have some kind of ad-delivery software installed ( intentionally or unintentionally , knowingly or unknowingly ) on your computer .
This type of software often comes bundled with freeware such as P2P ( Peer-to-Peer ) music sharing applications .
It may track the sites you visit and scan their contents looking for triggers that match criteria identified by advertisers that purchased space from the software manufacturer .
The software program will then display advertisements on your monitor .
What is spyware ?
This term has been applied to a very broad range of technologies and activities -- from the mere setting of a cookie to the surreptitious installation of key-logging software on consumers ' computers .
There are many anti-spyware programs on the market and they each have their own definition of `` spyware '' .
For example , some programs identify cookies as `` spyware '' , while others do not .
Some software programs that monitor the websites that consumers visit in order to deliver context-based advertisements have been categorized as `` adware . ''
Many of these adware programs are responsible for the pop-up advertisements that you see .
DoubleClick does not consider its products either `` spyware '' or `` adware . ''
We believe that consumers should be provided meaningful notice and choice with respect to information collected and used about them .
It is our policy not to send unsolicited emails or allow third parties to contact you via the email address that you provide to us .
We may , from time to time , contact you to discuss business relevant to your membership and , naturally , we will contact you to respond to inquiries that you may send to us .
We will , from time to time , contact you regarding tools and services that we think you might be interested in and your usage of our site , and the tools and services that we provide to you is your express indication to us that you are willing to receive such communications from us and such communications may concern tools and services offered by advertisers or affiliates , as well as our own tools and services .
Your email address may be published on our site by you .
We are not responsible for any unwanted email that is sent to you by any third party or entity that has collected your email address from our site .
You can access our Website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data .
Membership signups require the disclosure of certain personal information , which we do not share except as disclosed herein .
We do not collect information about our visitors from third party sources , such as public records or entities , or private organizations .
We do not knowingly collect personal data or information from minors .
We have implemented security policies , rules and technical measure to protect the personal data that we have under our control .
These policies , rules and technical measures help to protect your data from unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , and unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
However , note that no policy , rule or technical measure can offer 100 % protection against unauthorized access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorized modification , unlawful destruction or accidental loss .
All our employees and data processors , who have access to , and are associated with the processing of personal data , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitor 's and members ' personal data .
We may collect aggregate ( general tracking ) information about pages that users visit on our site .
We also may collect user specific information about pages that users visit on our site .
Any information that you give us when you complete a contact form or inquiry form , survey and so forth is collected by us .
Should you engage in a business transaction with us , such as purchasing a tool , product or service , we will collect the information necessary to complete that transaction , including credit card related information .
We will keep that information in a secure manner .
You may be required to complete online registration forms that provide us with contact information ( such as your name and street address ) , your email address , and your phone numbers .
We may , from time to time , send you emails regarding our general service so that we can directly communicate with you regarding issues we determine to be relevant or issues that directly relate to you .
Please contact us if you should have any questions , comments or concerns about this privacy policy .
Last modified June 1st , 2012 .

Last Updated and Effective : August 20 , 2012
Additionally , the websites of affiliated Sony companies , including some that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , and internet domains that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , may have different policies ; therefore , please review the privacy policy notices on those websites if you visit them .
This Privacy Policy explains the information that SCA may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
In addition , please review our Terms & Conditions , which govern your use of the SCA Websites .
Notice to California Residents Your California Privacy Rights : If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying any third party ( ies ) to whom SCA may have disclosed , within the preceding calendar year , your personal information for that third party 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed .
SCA will respond to these requests within thirty ( 30 ) days .
Requests that come to SCA by other means may result in a delayed response .
Information You Provide To SCA
Information SCA Collects Automatically
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
Information SCA Receives From Third Parties
Uses of the Personal Information SCA Collects
When and With Whom SCA May Share Information Collected
Links To and SCA Content On Other Websites
Policy Governs Use : Changes to Privacy Policy
Information You Provide To SCA
While SCA does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the SCA Websites , please note that in order to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes , contests and other promotions ( collectively , Promotions ) and chat rooms or bulletin boards , we may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally ( such as first and last name , e-mail address , mailing address and telephone number ) ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself , such as demographic information ( such as gender , geographic region , age , etc . ) or certain information about your preferences and interests .
If you choose not to provide such Personal Information or other information to us , you may not be able to participate in certain activities we offer .
If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information .
Individuals Under 13 .
The SCA Websites are open to all individuals , though some Promotions may have age restrictions .
We do not knowingly collect or permit the collection , storage or use of any Personal Information from anyone under 13 .
If you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her Personal Information or other information without your consent , permission or authorization , upon request , we will promptly : ( a ) provide direct notice to you indicating what , if any , Personal Information of your child has been collected and how it has been used and/or disclosed ; ( b ) remove your child 's Personal Information or other information from our database , cease the use of such information and direct any other party with access to such information to do the same ; and ( c ) by notice to you , confirm compliance with the foregoing .
We may offer opportunities to enter into Promotions that we offer , on our own or jointly with a third party .
Such Promotions may require registration and the disclosure of both Personal Information and non-Personal Information .
In the event that a Promotion is offered jointly with a third party , as a result of your participation in such Promotion , your Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be shared with such third party , which sharing we will disclose to you at the time you provide your information .
By entering a Promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor and/or other third parties connected to the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising and marketing materials .
Therefore , always carefully read the rules of the Promotion before entering .
Information SCA Collects Automatically
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to provide to us via the SCA Websites , whenever you visit or interact with the SCA Websites , SCA automatically collects certain information such as your IP address and/or another unique identifier ( `` Device Identifier '' ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( `` Device '' ) you use to access the SCA Websites and any referring website .
( A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers .
Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier . )
Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Websites .
In addition , SCA , as well as certain third-party analytics and other service providers , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you use the SCA Websites ( `` Usage Information '' ) .
Usage Information may include , in part , browser type , operating system , the page served , the time at which a page was accessed and/or the time spent on a page , and the preceding pages views .
Usage Information is generally non-identifying , but if SCA associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person , we will treat it as Personal Information .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
The technologies used on the SCA Websites to collect Usage Information , including Device Identifiers , may include :
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are small text files that help store user preferences and activity .
A Cookie is placed on a Device when it is used to visit the SCA Websites or otherwise access our online offerings .
Cookies may be used for many purposes , such as remembering you and your preferences , tracking your visits to our web pages and customizing your SCA Website experience .
If you choose to disable cookies on your Device , some features of our Websites or our online offerings may not function properly .
Web beacons ( also known as image tags , pixel tags , GIFS or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the SCA Websites , to monitor how users navigate the SCA Websites , to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the SCA Websites , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Websites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
Information SCA Receives From Third Parties
SCA may receive information about you from third parties .
In addition , if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us , that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested .
We may also supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
When we obtain Personal Information from third parties , we will apply this Privacy Policy to the Personal Information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
Functionality on the SCA Websites may permit interactions between such SCA Websites and a third-party website , such as enabling you to like a product or share content to third-party websites .
If you choose to like or share content or to otherwise post information from or via the SCA Websites to a third-party website , feature or application , that information may become public and the third-party web site may have access to information about you and your use of the SCA Websites .
You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature ( such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to share ) information about you , including Personal Information .
The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature , in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature , but we may retain the information previously collected .
In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their connections , or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your connections web page , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service .
Uses of the Personal Information SCA Collects
SCA will use the information it collects , including your Personal Information :
to tailor your experience on the SCA Websites ;
to determine which products and services we offer may be of interest to you ;
to provide you with information about Promotions or other offerings that may be of interest to you ;
to provide you with support and answer questions or other requests ; and
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide the Personal Information .
We may also use the information we collect to improve the SCA Websites and our products and services , for internal business purposes , and to contact you with regard to your use of the SCA Websites and , in our discretion , changes to any of our policies .
When and With Whom SCA May Share Information Collected
We may share non-Personal Information , such as aggregate user statistics , demographic information , and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes , including tailoring promotions , advertising and communications we present to you .
We may also share your Personal Information , as specifically disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information and in the following circumstances :
To Affiliates , Other Sony Companies and Third-Parties .
To Affiliates and Other Sony Companies .
SCA may share your Personal Information with companies affiliated with SCA ( Affiliates '' ) , so that those Affiliates can ( i ) assist us with fulfilling your requests or improving our products , content , services or advertising ; and/or ( ii ) contact you about products , content , services or other offerings that may be of interest to you .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , Affiliates means Sony Corporation of America , any company with respect to which SCA owns , directly or indirectly , 50 % or more of its outstanding shares , and any company with the name `` SONY '' as a part of its trade name .
To Third-Party Service Providers Providing Services On SCA 's Behalf .
We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf , and thus , we may also share your Personal Information with third party service providers that assist us with providing content , fulfilling your requests , improving our products , content , services or advertising , or otherwise performing services for SCA .
As one example , if you access content or services that are published , developed or supported by an Affiliate or third party , your Personal Information may be shared with that Affiliate or third party for purposes related to that content or those services , including service administration and/or development .
Additionally , we may share your information in order to host or operate the SCA Websites , for data analysis purposes , and for the administration of Promotions , such as in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment .
When You Consent To Have Your Personal Information Shared or Otherwise Request That We Share Your Information .
We may offer you the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties .
Such reasons include , without limitation , so that you are able to receive information and/or marketing offers from third parties .
Additionally , you may request , sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third- party application , that we share Personal Information about you with a third party , and we will typically do so in those circumstances .
If you agree or request to have your Personal Information shared ( either by opting in , choosing not to opt-out or using a specific feature of the SCA Websites ) , your Personal Information will be disclosed to the applicable third party ( s ) and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of such third party ( s ) ; therefore , please consult the respective privacy policies of each third party .
If you consent or request to receive communications from third parties , you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications .
The provisions above apply to our sharing of Personal Information with Affiliates and third-party service providers .
They do not cover use of Personal Information that those Affiliates and third-party service providers collect directly from you .
Such use of Personal Information is covered by the relevant Affiliate 's and/or third party 's privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy .
We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons , primarily for business and operational purposes including any corporate reorganization , restructuring or other corporate change .
In addition , SCA or any of its assets , including the SCA Websites , may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the key business assets in the transaction .
In such a case , your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer .
Hence , SCA reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information , including Personal Information , in connection with any activity and/or transaction described above .
Legal Protections and Law Enforcement .
We may transfer and disclose information , including your Personal Information , Usage Information and Device Identifier ( including IP address ) , to third parties : ( i ) to comply with legal obligations ; ( ii ) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it ; ( iii ) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; ( iv ) to verify or enforce our Terms & Conditions or other applicable policies ; ( v ) to respond to an emergency ; or ( vi ) to otherwise protect the rights , property , safety or security of third parties , visitors to the SCA Websites or the public .
We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , Internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies , in our discretion .
Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you .
Links To and SCA Content On Other Websites
The SCA Websites may contain links to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control .
This includes links of advertisers , sponsors and partners that may use our logo ( s ) as part of a co-branding agreement .
In addition , SCA content or widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control .
These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device , and they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information .
A link from any SCA Website to any other website does not mean that Sony approves of , endorses , or recommends that website .
SCA provides such links for your convenience and is not responsible for the content of any website linked to or from any SCA Website .
Moreover , SCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party , and it disclaims all warranties , express or implied , as to the accuracy , legality , reliability , or validity of any content on any other website .
SCA uses commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information , and we use reasonable efforts to obtain the agreement of our Affiliates and third-party service providers to take steps to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of Personal Information we share with them .
However , no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % private and secure .
Please be careful to avoid phishing ' scams , where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from SCA asking for your Personal Information .
SCA will never request your Personal Information through e-mail .
You understand that any message or information you send to a SCA Website may be read or intercepted by others .
SCA does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use the SCA Websites and provide us with your information at your own risk .
The SCA Websites are operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States .
By using the SCA Websites , or providing us with any information , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen .
Policy Governs Use : Changes to Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place .
SCA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time , without prior notice to you , and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting .
Your continued use of the SCA Websites after posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , those changes .
Thus , please review this Privacy Policy periodically .

This document was last updated on November 27 , 2009 .
Acknowledgment and acceptance of terms
Southern Savers LLC is committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website .
Related services and offerings with links from this website , including vendor sites , have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website .
Online merchants and others who participate in Southern Savers LLC services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy .
However , since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties , we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites .
We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Southern Savers LLC collects certain information from and about its users two ways : directly from our Web Server logs , and the user .
Web Server Logs .
When you visit our Website , we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage .
Examples of information we may track include :
The kind of browser or computer you use .
Number of links you click within the site .
State or country from which you accessed the site .
Date and time of your visit .
Web page you linked to our site from .
Pages you viewed on the site .
Visitors to our website can register for certain services or giveaways .
When you register , we will request some personal information such as name , address , email , telephone number other relevant information .
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission .
Use of Web Beacons or GIF files
Southern Savers Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons sometimes also called single-pixel gifs that allow Southern Savers LLC to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Southern Savers LLC may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications .
These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer .
This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views , which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site .
Southern Savers LLC prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information .
Changes to this Statement
Southern Savers LLC has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement .
When we do , we will also revise the updated date at the top of this Privacy page .
We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect .
Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates .
com , or send your comments to :
Southern Savers LLC Attention : Privacy Statement Personnel 7001 St Andrews Rd # 311 Columbia , SC 29212
Southern Savers LLC will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question .

PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Last Modified : November 30 , 2011
This is the privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) for southparkstudios.com ( `` Site , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) , an Internet website offered in cooperation with the Comedy Central television channel or programming service ( `` Comedy Central Channel '' ) .
The Comedy Central Channel and the Site ( together , `` Comedy Central '' ) are provided by Viacom Media Networks ( `` VMN '' ) , a division of Viacom International Inc. ( together , VMN and Viacom International Inc. , the `` Parent Companies '' ) .
This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas :
When This Privacy Policy Applies .
U.S. Governing Law ; Safe Harbor .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information .
Protection of Information .
Your California Privacy Rights .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice .
When This Privacy Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer , a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered ( each , a `` Device '' ) and whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user ( if offered by the Site ) or other user of the Site .
This Privacy Policy governs only the Personal Information and Other Information ( as those terms are defined below ) collected by the Site and does not cover any such information collected in any other manner ( such as by the Comedy Central Channel not through the Site ) or by any other website offered by Comedy Central , the Parent Companies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) or collected by any other company , unless specifically stated .
We may from time to time , combine Information ( as that term is defined below ) with other information we collect from other sources , such as information received from our Parent Companies , Affiliates , marketing companies or Advertisers and , if we do so , our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect , even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service , feature , function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates , expires , ceases , is suspended or deactivated for any reason .
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy , please do not participate in the Site or any features , activities or services offered through the Site .
Governing Law ; Safe Harbor
The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S .
We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of , or governed by , other nations .
By participating in our Site activities , you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement .
If you do not meet such age and other eligibility requirements , please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection , use , disclosure , management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you are located outside of the U.S. , the EEA and Switzerland , you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you , not us , are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws .
Please be aware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be collected in the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law .
By using this Site , participating in any Site activities and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information , you ( i ) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S. , ( ii ) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and ( iii ) understand that we will collect , transfer , store , process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law .
Consequently , to the full extent permitted by law , you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction .
Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
When we use the term `` Personal Information '' we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you , such as your full name , postal address , e-mail address or telephone number .
When we use the term `` Other Information '' , we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you ( Personal Information and Other Information , together , the `` Information '' ) .
Information We Collect that You Provide Us .
User Registration.To the extent we offer user registration on the Site , to register as a member of the Site , you are required to select a user name and password ( together , your `` User ID '' ) and may be required to also provide other Information , such as your email address and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested during the registration process ( but not required ) .
In Connection with Certain Features and Functions .
We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site , such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free email newsletters and other periodic information , chat rooms , message boards , electronic mail services , messaging services , auctions , shopping , registration and member profile pages .
To sign up for or participate in these features or functions , you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions .
For example , to sign up to receive email newsletters , you may be required to provide your email address , date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration .
Further , for example , to the extent we offer such services , if you order any of our various Products ( as defined in the Terms of Use Agreement ) , in addition to your name and contact information , we will also collect and may maintain your billing address , shipping address , Product selections , your credit card or other payment instrument information , your order number and information about your computer 's internet address and website which may have referred or directed you to the Site ( e.g. , the referring URL ) .
Your credit card or debit card number is collected via a secure transmission .
In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes .
There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following : your first and last name , street address , city , state and zip code , email address , telephone number and date of birth .
Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion , but submission of such Information may be optional .
The Promotion 's entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements .
You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers , sponsors or promotional partners ( `` Advertisers '' ) as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions .
Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies .
`` Cookies '' ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are text files that help store user preferences and activity .
`` Web beacons '' ( also known as image tags , gif or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses .
The Site and/or third parties may use `` cookies '' , `` web beacons '' and other similar tracking technologies ( collectively , `` Tracking Technologies '' ) to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web .
We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content , allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site , understand Site and internet usage , improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on this Site , personalize your experience on this Site ( for example , to recognize you by name when you return to the Site ) , understand your interactions with email messages ( such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ) , save your password in password-protected areas , save your online game or video player settings , enable you to use shopping carts on the Site , help us offer you products , programs or services that may be of interest to you , deliver relevant advertising , maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' , `` Other Information Collected by Us '' section below .
These Tracking Technologies collect `` click stream '' data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site ( such as your visits to the Site 's webpages , use of our features , and purchasing history or preferences ) , may collect such Other Information across multiple sessions on this Site and other websites offered by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates and may also collect your IP address or some other identifier unique to the Device you use to access the Site ( `` Identifier '' ) .
An Identifier is automatically assigned to any Device you use to access the Site .
Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process but we may associate Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies with Personal Information .
By visiting the Site , whether as a registered user or otherwise , you acknowledge , understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through these Tracking Technologies and that we may use Tracking Technologies in the emails we send to you .
This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks , data exchanges , traffic measurement service providers , marketing analytics service providers and other third parties ( collectively , `` Third Party Advertising Service Providers '' ) to , for example , serve advertisements on the Site , facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site ( `` Targeting Services '' ) .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may enable us to display advertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websites you have visited .
Targeting Services enable us to , among other things , help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in , to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you .
These Third Party Advertising Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Site except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site .
The Third Party Advertising Service Providers , as well as Advertisers , may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabled in your browser ( or , for Flash cookies , if you have not removed them ) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Information about you .
Use of Information .
As set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may share Information with our Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or , subject to the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section below , text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users , whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates or third parties ( for example , we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party ) ;
Processing your registration with the Site , such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid ;
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account , any services , features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use , any Promotions you have participated in or have entered , any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Responding to your questions or other requests ;
Contacting you regarding your use of the Site , for informational purposes related to the Site or , in our discretion , regarding changes to the Site 's policies ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information , so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information .
Other Information Collected by Us .
We , and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates , use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways , including :
Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or our Parent Companies ' , Affiliates ' , Advertisers ' or partners ' sites ;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate , statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity ;
Determining which features , webpages , products and services users like best to , among other things , help us operate the Site , enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information ;
Preparing statistics reports ;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site ;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes ;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site ;
Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site ;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site
For the uses described for `` Personal Information '' above and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information .
Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours .
Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser , we do not control their websites or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection , use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites you encounter on the Internet .
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you .
Use of Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' and Advertisers ' Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' or Advertisers ' , as applicable , own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy .
However , please see `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities ) '' Section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers .
Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information ( Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information .
In Connection with Marketing and Promotional Email and Offers .
You may `` opt-out '' of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by using the Site 's preference management page associated with your User ID account to opt-out of receiving such emails or messages from the Site , the Parent Companies , Affiliates and/or third parties .
You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving newsletters from us that you have requested .
Further , when you use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from other VMN brands .
Please see Section 4.a.ii below for your newsletter options .
In connection with Newsletters and other Editorial-based E-mails .
To the extent the applicable Site offers newsletters or other editorial-based emails , to manage your newsletter preferences , you may click on the newsletter link provided in the footer of our website to select which newsletters you receive [ OR ] [ , ] follow the unsubscribe link in the applicable newsletter .
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving any or all newsletters and other editorial-based e-mails from us , you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us .
Please see Section 4.a.i above for your marketing and promotional e-mail options .
In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services .
See `` Termination of Wireless Services by Users '' under the `` Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities '' Section for more information on how you may unsubscribe from receiving text messages .
Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs .
However , even if you exercise your opt-out rights above , we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the `` Use of Information '' Section above , such as for maintenance and administrative purposes .
Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by Tracking Technologies .
Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers , you have a number of options :
Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising tailored to your interests .
You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for these advertising purposes by two such Third Party Advertising Service Providers , Adobe AudienceManager ( formerly known as Demdex ) and DoubleClick/Google , by using those Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' opt-out tools .
We also may from time to time permit other Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers to collect Other Information on the Site .
Some of these Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices .
Please note the following with respect to opting out :
The opt-out tools discussed above are `` cookie based . ''
This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to the use of your information by the parties that offer you those choices .
If you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser ( a process described below ) after opting out , you may have to opt out again to re-establish your opt-out preferences .
Opt-outs are `` browser-specific . ''
The opt-out preferences that you choose will apply only to the Web browser that you used when you selected these preferences .
This means , for example , that if you opt-out while using Internet Explorer 9 , this choice will not affect the use of Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device .
It also means that opting-out on one Device will not affect the use of Other Information by Tracking Technologies on other Devices that you may use to access the Site .
You also can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) on a particular Device by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature and
Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies does not mean that you will no longer receive online ads .
Opting-out of , deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers ' Tracking Technologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests , but you will continue to see ads on this Site .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH COOKIES TYPICALLY CAN NOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR BROWSER .
PLEASE SEE BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO MANAGE FLASH COOKIES .
Tracking Technologies Set By The Site .
With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site , you have a number of options :
You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies ( other than Flash cookies ) by using the controls in your Web browser .
To do so , you must :
Delete existing Tracking Technologies through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browser 's support feature and
Disable future Tracking Technologies through the same browser controls .
Additional information on enabling or disabling most Tracking Technologies may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the help section of your browser for more information . )
You can choose to disable or turn most Tracking Technologies off ( other than Flash cookies ) .
Additional information on disabling or turning most Tracking Technologies off may be available through your browser 's support feature .
( See the `` help '' section of your browser for more information and see below for more information on removing Flash cookies . )
You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set ( other than Flash cookies ) , or you can choose to turn off such warnings .
This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site .
Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browser 's support feature .
This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Click here for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising .
Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block Tracking Technologies from websites other than those you visit directly and , if so , certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices .
Further , if you delete , reject , disable or turn off Tracking Technologies , you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly .
Flash Cookies Please note that deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options will not remove Flash cookies .
Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities
Comedy Central may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for special Promotions , services , news , programming and information delivered via text messaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and , in the event we do so , users are required to provide their consent to receive such information from Comedy Central , either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device .
Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companies and/or Affiliates for Comedy Central .
The Information requested as part of the online registration process may include a user 's telephone number or a wireless email address , but only if specifically requested , and the carrier 's name .
Additional Information may be requested for specific Promotions , such as a user 's preferences regarding goods or services , choices of music or artists , or other similar survey information .
Depending on the Promotion , we may also collect an Internet email address or other Information and , depending on the Information collected , the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement .
We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greater risk of an unknown third party 's interception of messages or a user 's Personal Information when using a wireless communications device .
Users that register for Comedy Central 's wireless marketing services acknowledge , understand and agree that they will be charged by the user 's wireless carrier for all messages sent to the user from Comedy Central .
Standard messaging rates will apply , unless noted otherwise .
Under no circumstances will the Site , Comedy Central , its Parent Companies or Affiliates be responsible for any wireless email or text messaging charges incurred by a user or by a person that has access to a user 's wireless device , telephone number , or email address .
To the extent we provide wireless marketing services , there are two registration methods provided for Comedy Central 's wireless marketing services .
Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the `` single opt-in '' or the `` double-opt-in '' ( Site/SMS ) method , at the discretion of Comedy Central depending on the type of Promotion .
Premium rate services will require the `` double opt-in '' ( Site/SMS or SMS/SMS ) method .
Single Opt-in Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
The user 's voluntary submission of the designated word or code to Comedy Central will mean that the user has freely and affirmatively granted permission to Comedy Central to send text messages to him or her .
Comedy Central will thank the user for his or her registration by sending a `` Thank you '' message .
The user may terminate the service at any time by using the unsubscribe command in any text message from comedy Central or by sending a text message to Comedy Central that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Double Opt-in ( Site/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to this Site to start the registration process .
The user must affirmatively consent to Comedy Central 's sending of wireless messages to his or her designated wireless device by submitting a telephone number ( or wireless email address , only if requested by Comedy Central ) and by clicking the consent statement on the Site 's registration page .
The user must also agree to the Site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement before the online registration process is completed .
Comedy Centralwill then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from Comedy Central to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of Comedy Central 's wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that Comedy Central may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while Comedy Central continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Double Opt-in ( SMS/SMS ) Method : In response to print , radio , television , Internet , or other promotional messages , users will be directed to send a specific word or code via a text message to a designated telephone number to register for the service promoted .
Comedy Central will then send a `` Confirmation '' message to the user 's designated wireless device and will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messages from Comedy Central to that particular telephone number ( or wireless domain name when appropriate ) .
The user must respond to the `` Confirmation '' message with a text message that states `` YES '' or `` Y '' that will indicate the user 's acceptance of Comedy Central 's wireless marketing service .
Until the user responds to the `` Confirmation '' message , the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion .
A user may respond to the `` Confirmation '' message at any time provided that Comedy Central may choose to terminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and the user 's response to the `` Confirmation '' is only valid if the response is received while Comedy Central continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service .
Termination of Wireless Services by User .
Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register , users may revoke their consent to receive messages from Comedy Central by the following procedure :
A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless device at any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by Comedy Centralat the time the message is sent , or by sending a text message that says `` STOP '' , `` END '' , `` CANCEL '' , `` REMOVE '' , `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' or `` QUIT '' .
Comedy Central will terminate the user 's registration for the most recent wireless service sent to the user .
Any of these words followed by the word `` ALL '' in the user 's termination request will cancel all of the user 's registered wireless services with Comedy Central .
If the user unsubscribes from one or all of Comedy Central service ( s ) via his or her wireless device , the service ( s ) will be terminated immediately and will cancel the user 's previous opt-in .
Termination of Wireless Services by Comedy Central .
A user understands , acknowledges and agrees that Comedy Central may , in its sole discretion and without liability to any user , terminate its offer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wireless marketing services at any time without advance notice .
Comedy Central may provide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site .
Use of Information .
Comedy Central will not use a wireless telephone number , wireless or conventional Internet email address , or other Information submitted for its wireless marketing services for any other purpose but to provide the service requested , unless we provide advance notice of any other use .
We will not share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third party marketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure .
We will share Personal Information with the operational service providers that assist us in delivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companies and Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information .
Generally , we do not sell , rent , lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties , except if you consent to such disclosure or as described in this Privacy Policy .
Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates .
We may disclose Personal Information to Parent Companies and Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes .
You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the `` Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information '' Section above .
Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed .
Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ( `` Posting Information '' ) , such as username .
We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of , and other services relating to , such Posting .
Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features .
The Site may also offer co-branded services and features , such as events and Promotions that we put together with another company or our Parent Companies or Affiliates ( `` Co-Branded Partner '' ) and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner 's website .
We may share your Personal Information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect the Information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes .
The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service , along with the Co-Branded partner 's privacy policy .
If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner 's future use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes , you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy .
Disclosure to Operational Service Providers .
We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information and Other Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site 's services , features , functions and operations .
We will refer to these third parties as `` operational service providers '' .
We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content , activities , services , features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us .
Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties .
In addition to the above , we will make your Personal Information and Other Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances :
When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency , court or other entity ( e.g. , to respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation ;
If we believe your actions violate any law , rule , regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement , including , without limitation , this Privacy Policy , Rules or Additional Terms ;
In connection with Promotions , as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws , rules or regulations ( for example , to provide winners ' lists or make required filings as appropriate ) ;
If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes , in which case the third party 's use of your Information is subject to the third party 's own privacy policy ;
If , in our sole discretion , we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate : to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries ; to protect our business and assets or the rights , property or safety of the Site , the Comedy Central Channel , the Parent Companies , the Affiliates , or any of its or their operational service providers , licensors , suppliers , Advertisers , customers , users , or any other party ; to limit our legal liability ; to defend our interests ; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or
In the event of a bankruptcy , merger , acquisition , sale , transfer of control , joint venture or other business combination involving us , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates .
Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information .
We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with third parties , but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Reviewing , Updating or Deleting Certain Information
Generally , you may review , update or delete certain Information collected by the Site by [ , if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site , by clicking `` Profile '' or your display name at the top of the Site and then selecting `` Edit Profile '' .
However , Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility , such as date of birth or age , can not be deleted , but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information .
We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID , as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current , but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user name provided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID .
Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user 's request , unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old .
If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated , we may decide not to provide access to such Information .
In such cases , we will provide to you an explanation of why access can not be provided and contact information for further inquiries .
Children or Ineligible Teenagers .
If we , or our Parent Companies or Affiliates , inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site , such as a child ( a person under the age of 13 ) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of certain features of this Site ( `` Ineligible Teenagers '' ) , the child ( or Ineligible Teenager ) or the child 's ( or Ineligible Teenager 's ) parent or legal guardian ( the `` Parent '' ) always has the right to unsubscribe ( opt-out ) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message .
The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor ( a person under the age of 18 , or the age of majority in your state ) .
In addition , Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's membership must use their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID to gain direct access to the account , and follow the procedures in the `` Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use '' Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's member ; alternatively , Parents may send an email to the Site 's Privacy Administrator and provide us with your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID and request to terminate your child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
We will not allow direct access to a user 's account and Personal Information by any person without the user 's User ID .
If a Parent does not have his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's User ID , the Parent will be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includes the Parent 's name , address , telephone and email address , in addition to the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's name and email address as registered on the Site , plus the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's date of birth .
The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager .
Comedy Central will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account and registration .
The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address .
Comedy Central will then terminate the child 's or Ineligible Teenager 's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name , address and email address of the person making the request .
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100 % secure from intrusion , we maintain commercially reasonable physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information .
However , regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site , it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission .
We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site .
We also limit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes .
We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality .
Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers ' personal identity data and financial account credentials .
`` Phishers '' use 'spoofed ' e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers , account usernames , passwords and social security numbers .
WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS , SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD ! If you receive such email communication , please forward it immediately to the Site 's Privacy Administrator at { $ privacy-admin-link } , and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California , we provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out ( which we may sometimes refer to as `` unsubscribe '' ) or opt-in for use of your Personal Information by third parties ( such as Advertisers ) for marketing purposes .
Therefore , pursuant to the California Civil Code , we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year .
If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices , please send a request by email to the Privacy Administrator at { $ privacy_admin_link } or by postal mail to Comedy Central , Southparkstudios.com , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , CA 90404 , Attn : Your California Privacy Rights , c/o Privacy Administrator .
All requests must be labeled `` Your California Privacy Rights '' on the email subject line or envelope or post card .
For all requests , please clearly state that the request is related to `` Your California Privacy Rights '' , include your name , street address , city , state , zip code and e-mail address ( your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email ) and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent ( email or postal mail ) .
We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile .
We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or do not have complete information .
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you .
Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting .
Notice of material changes will be posted on the Site 's homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes ; the form of such notice is at our discretion .
However , we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates .
Accuracy and Confidentiality .
It is your responsibility to give us current , complete , truthful and accurate information , including Personal Information , and to keep such information up to date .
We can not and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate , truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information .
We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false , fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID , if applicable , and for any charges , costs , expenses , damages , liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so .
You , and not us , are solely responsible and liable for the activity , behavior , use and conduct on the Site under your User ID ( whether used by you or any others who use your User ID ) , unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised , misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party .
We reserve the right to deny access , use and registration privileges to any user , including without limitation , a registered user , of any services , features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user 's account or any services , features or functions .
Further , if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site , please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities , as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes .
Comedy Central is in no way responsible for the accuracy , use , or misuse of any information , including Personal Information , that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly , even without your knowledge or authorization .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect , maintain , use or share your Personal Information or Other Information , you may contact us directly by sending an email to { $ privacy_admin_link } or please contact our Privacy Administrator at Comedy Central , Southparkstudios.com , 2600 Colorado Avenue , Santa Monica , CA 90404 , c/o Privacy Administrator .
Sole Statement : This document is the sole statement of the Site 's Privacy Policy and no summary , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , including , but not limited to , machine-generated , is valid .
Other : Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site .
Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement .
This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately .
Copyright 2011 Viacom Media Networks , a division of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved .

Southwest Airlines cares about your privacy .
When you visit the Southwest Airlines web site , the information you provide to us will be handled according to the standards outlined below .
Information Collection and Use
If you purchase a product or service from us , we request certain personally identifiable information from you during the purchase process .
You must provide contact information ( such as name , phone number , and address ) and billing information ( such as a credit card number and expiration date ) in order to complete a purchase .
Additionally , the Transportation and Security Administration ( TSA ) requires us to request , and you to provide , your full name , date of birth , and gender for the purpose of watch list screening , under the authority of 49 U.S.C . section 114 , the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R parts 1540 and 1560 .
You may also provide your Redress Number , if available .
Failure to provide your full name , date of birth , and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area .
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice .
We use the information we collect during the purchase process , including the information we collect and submit to the TSA , for billing purposes , to fill your orders , for administrative , analytical , correspondence , and operational purposes , to customize advertisements and offers and for other marketing purposes , and for other purposes discussed in this privacy policy .
If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this information to contact you .
We may occasionally offer users the opportunity to participate in surveys or contests on our web site .
If we have your e-mail address , we may also send you surveys or contest invitations by e-mail .
We may have your e-mail address if :
You have made a purchase on our web site and provided your e-mail address during the purchase process
You have set up a Rapid Rewards account , a Southwest account , SWABIZ Traveler Account , or other Southwest Airlines account and provided your e-mail address either during the registration process or when updating your account information
You provide a friend 's e-mail address when you refer the friend to one of our web pages
We have received your e-mail address by any other means
If you choose to participate in a contest or survey , we may request certain personally identifiable information from you .
This information may include contact information ( such as name , e-mail address , phone number , and shipping address ) and optional demographic information ( such as your age and gender ) .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information .
We may use this information to administer the contest or survey ( e.g. , notify contest winners , award prizes , and update participant 's profiles ) .
We may also use this information to improve the web site experience for our Customers , to improve our product or service offerings , or for other internal business uses .
We may use third party service providers to conduct these surveys or contests .
These companies are prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose .
These third parties are bound by contract to Southwest Airlines to use adequate security measures to protect your personal information .
From our web site , you have the option to download our DING ! application .
If you choose to download this application , you will be notified of exclusive Southwest air fare offers .
You do not have to install DING ! to use our web site , and downloading the application is completely voluntary .
If you choose to take advantage of this application , you will be asked to provide up to 10 airports for which you are interested in receiving special offers .
You will also be asked to provide your Rapid Rewards number , although providing this information is not required to use the application .
For more information on our DING ! application , please visit southwest.com/ding .
You may use a referral feature ( either on a web page , in an e-mail , from a banner ad or other communication ) to inform a friend about a Southwest web page or promotion .
Southwest may use any e-mail address provided when using this referral feature to send an e-mail on your behalf to such designated recipients about the particular promotion , product , or service in which you indicated your `` friend '' may have an interest .
Non Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
In some cases , Southwest may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable .
Examples of this type of information include , but are not limited to the frequency of your use of this web site and the route by which you choose to access it , and your use of any hyperlinks available on this web site .
We and our service providers or agents may process and use this data for purposes including , but not limited to planning web site development , assessing patterns of use , planning and assessing marketing initiatives by Southwest .
This information is gathered by certain tools and methods such as the collection of your IP address or the use of cookies .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , to administer our web sites , and for other purposes discussed in this privacy policy .
We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information except for fraud prevention .
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user 's computer for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies on all Southwest affiliated web sites and emails covered by this Privacy Policy .
We may store certain personally identifiable information you submit while on our web sites in persistent cookies on your computer in an encrypted format .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our web sites .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser 's `` help '' file .
We set a persistent cookie to store certain information , including your account number , so you do n't have to enter it each time you want to log-in to your Rapid Rewards , Southwest or SWABIZ account .
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site as well as provide more relevant content in our e-mails .
Southwest Airlines has agreed to allow a select group of marketing platforms to place persistent cookies in our web sites , Southwest Airlines emails and Rapid Rewards emails .
In addition to use on our web sites , these cookies may be used for targeted online advertising by both Southwest and third party merchants on third party websites .
These cookies do not enable a marketing platform to collect personally identifiable information .
To opt-out from our marketing platform 's persistent cookies click here .
( please note that if you delete your cookies or switch to a different browser you will have to repeat this procedure ) .
Use of the cookies by the marketing platforms is subject to their privacy policies .
If you reject cookies , you may still use our site , but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited and we may not be able to provide you with the most convenient experience .
We store and use certain personally identifiable information and information that we collect through cookies and log files to create a site usage profile of your preferences .
We may use this information to provide you with targeted advertisements and offers on our web site .
In addition we may provide this information to our select marketing platforms , and these cookies may be used for targeted online advertising by both Southwest and third party merchants on third party websites .
Southwest Account , SWABIZ , and Rapid Rewards Registration
You are not required to establish a Southwest account ( also referred to as a SWABIZ Traveler account for the uses of our SWABIZ web site designed for corporate use ) to use this web site , however some features of our site are not available to unregistered users .
For example , you must have a Rapid Rewards , Southwest or SWABIZ account to save your travel preferences ( such as the type of rental car you prefer or your favorite travel routes ) for future travel arrangements made through our website , store credit card information so that you do not need to re-enter it for future purchases , have access to special Members-only promotions and discounts .
If you would like to take advantage of the conveniences available through special Southwest account or SWABIZ features , you must first register for a Southwest or SWABIZ account .
Additional features are available to Rapid Rewards Members .
To take advantage of those additional features , you must first enroll in the Rapid Rewards program .
During registration , you are required to provide contact information ( which may include name , address , phone number , e-mail address , and birth date ) .
Additionally you have the option to provide demographic information and travel preferences to us ; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site and send you valuable offers .
We may use the preferences you store in your profile to send you special targeted e-mails based on these preferences .
For example , if you express a preference for a specific type of rental car , we may send you special offers for renting this type of vehicle .
If you do not already have a Rapid Rewards account , you can easily establish one during the Southwest account or SWABIZ registration process .
Electing to establish a Rapid Rewards account will enroll you in the Southwest Airline frequent flyer program and give you the opportunity to earn rewards .
You will not be able to earn points toward reward flights if you elect to not sign up for this program .
As a Rapid Rewards Member , you may also receive special offers by e-mail simply for being a Member of the Rapid Rewards program .
We may use the personally identifiable information you provide when you become a Rapid Rewards Member for analytical , administrative , marketing , correspondence or other operational or business purposes .
For more information on how we may use your personally identifiable information as a Rapid Rewards Member please see our Customer Communications section below .
Post Purchase E-mail Communication
When you make a travel reservation with us and you provide your e-mail address during the purchase process , we may send you trip-related emails , including , without limitation , emails that ( a ) confirm the details of your purchase , ( b ) describe service-related information in connection with your reservation or to inform you of upgrades or product enhancements related to your purchase , ( c ) request feedback on our services and/or your specific travel experiences , or ( d ) include special offers for products or services from Southwest Airlines or our marketing partners related to your trip .
E-mail Promotions , Offers , and Updates
As a Member of the Rapid Rewards program , you may receive Rapid Rewards e-mail communications , which may include program news and special offers , either during the Rapid Rewards enrollment process or from your Rapid Rewards account preferences web page .
During enrollment , the default option is to receive both Rapid Rewards e-mail products .
If you are not interested in receiving these messages with special Members-only news and offers , the boxes should be unchecked prior to submitting the enrollment form .
You may also opt-out of receiving these messages at any time by adjusting your preferences through the account preferences webpage .
We also provided you with the option of subscribing to our Click 'n Save and In A Nutshell e-mail updates without establishing a Rapid Rewards or Southwest account .
To do so , click on the subscribe links below .
If you are no longer interested in receiving Click 'n Save and/or In A Nutshell e-mails , you may unsubscribe from these services by clicking on an opt-out link provided in each e-mail .
For your convenience , a brief description of the periodic e-mails you may choose to receive from us is also provided in the list below along with links to either subscribe or unsubscribe ( as applicable ) to each option .
Click 'n Save Special Offers E-mail
Weekly e-mail highlighting travel deals on flights , car rentals , hotels , cruises , and Southwest Vacations
In A Nutshell News & Promotions E-mail
Monthly newsletter-style e-mail featuring announcements , upcoming promotions , events , contests , new products , and partner offers
Rapid Rewards E-mail Updates
Rapid Rewards news and offers for Members only
Monthly report containing Rapid Rewards account balance information , news , promotions and offers for Members only
SWABIZ Corporate Travel Manager E-mail Updates
News related to SWABIZ , Southwest 's Business Travel website ; for registered Corporate Travel Managers only
Contact Your Area Marketing Manager to Subscribe or Unsubscribe
SWAMedia and Investor Relations E-mail Alerts
Southwest Airlines news releases and investor information
As a Southwest Customer , Southwest account , SWABIZ , or Rapid Rewards Member , you may receive periodic promotional postal mailings from Southwest Airlines and/or our select marketing partners .
If you do not wish to receive such promotional mailings , you may call Rapid Rewards Customer Relations at 214-932-0333 ( Monday - Friday , 7am-8pm CT ) .
We currently send non-promotional e-mails to our Rapid Rewards Members containing account and award status notifications , to notify Members of program updates , and to communicate other program-related information .
When you purchase our services , or as a member or subscriber of our Click 'n Save e-mail updates , Southwest account , SWABIZ , and/or our Rapid Rewards program , we will send you service-related announcements that may affect your account , flight reservations you have made or your ability to use the services we offer .
For instance , if there is a problem with your flight we may send you an e-mail notifying you of any such issues .
You may not opt-out of these communications , which are informational in nature .
We like to hear from our Customers and encourage you to e-mail us your comments , questions or other feedback .
By submitting such information along with your e-mail address , you consent to receiving e-mail from us in response to your feedback or question .
We may on occasion supplement the personally identifying information you submit to us with information from third party sources .
We use a third party to verify your address in order to ensure we maintain the accuracy of our database .
Enhancement of Profile Information
We also obtain data from third parties to supplement our existing user database to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers in which we think you might be interested .
To enhance our Customer profiles , we tie this information to the personally identifiable information they have provided to us .
Information Sharing & Disclosure
We use outside companies to fulfill orders for Rapid Rewards points and select travel products .
We also use third party payment processing companies to bill you for goods and services , or for other purposes within the ordinary course of business .
We make these companies commit to contract ( 1 ) to provide protections for your personally identifiable information that are no less protective than those set out in this privacy policy , and ( 2 ) to use your personally identifying information only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Southwest Airlines .
Southwest Airlines is not liable for the acts or omissions of these third parties except to the extent required by applicable law .
Product and Service Suppliers
Third party service and product suppliers may fulfill your travel reservation or product purchases .
We do not share your e-mail address with these suppliers unless they need it in connection with travel reservations you have made on southwest.com .
We do not limit our suppliers ' use or disclosure of personally identifiable information that you may supply to them .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any supplier whose products you purchase through southwest.com .
These suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you for your travel reservation .
We may also share information that we collect in the aggregate with third parties , including , without limitation , our marketing partners .
We provide the name , address and other account information of our Rapid Rewards Members to our preferred marketing partners .
These companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any purpose other than to send our Rapid Rewards Members approved marketing offers .
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law if we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , for fraud detection or prevention , and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or other legal processes .
In the event Southwest Airlines Co. goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or any other change in corporate control ) of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information may be among the assets transferred or shared .
Links to Other Sites
Southwest web sites covered by this Privacy Policy contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Southwest Airlines Co .
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you navigate away from our site and to read the privacy policies of any other website that you visit that collects personally identifiable information .
We provide links to third party websites that you visit that collects personally identifiable information .
These links are not intended as an endorsement or referral to the linked web sites .
The linked web sites have separate and independent privacy statements , notices , and terms of use , which we recommend you read carefully .
We do not have any control over such web sites , and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked web sites may collect , use or disclose , secure and otherwise treat your personally identifiable information .
Southwest Airlines web sites are targeted at general audiences .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever .
Changes , Corrections & Deletions
If you think we may have incorrect personally identifiable information about you or if your information changes , you may correct or update the information online by logging in to your Southwest , SWABIZ or Rapid Rewards account .
You may also modify your account information or deactivate your account by contacting us by phone or postal mail .
Your Rapid Rewards or Southwest account online password is unique to your account and is designed to protect your account from unauthorized use .
Southwest Airlines will not be responsible for any lost , stolen , or otherwise disclosed passwords .
Additionally , Southwest Airlines will not replace or reinstate any flight credits , partner credits , or program awards that are generated or redeemed by unauthorized password activity .
Accordingly , your password should be guarded and not provided to anyone .
We do not require your social security number to enroll in the Rapid Rewards Program , create a Southwest or SWABIZ account or when you make a purchase .
You do , however , have the option to provide the last four digits of your social security number when you establish a Rapid Rewards account .
This information will help us confirm your identity on southwest.com .
If you have any questions , complaints or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us .
Changes in Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is current as of the effective date set forth below .
Southwest Airlines Co. reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time consistent with applicable privacy laws and principles .
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by publication here .
If the changes are material , we will provide you additional , prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances .
Updated : December 6 , 2013

Do you want to learn Spanish ? Yes !
SpanishDict is created by Curiosity Media , Inc .
At Curiosity Media , Inc .
( `` The Company '' , `` Company '' , `` we '' , `` us '' or `` our '' ) , we know your privacy is important to you and we are fully committed to your privacy .
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' , as more fully defined below ) that we gather when you are accessing our Website , SpanishDict.com , and its associated sub-domains , ( the `` Site '' ) .
This policy does not apply to processes we do not control , or to individuals that we do not employ or manage .
BY USING THE SITE , YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD , AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF , THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE SITE .
We gather information which enables us to personalize and improve our services .
We collect the following types of information from our customers .
Personal Information You Provide To Us :
In order for you to use certain of the Site 's services , you may be asked to provide to us with certain Personal Information .
Personal Information includes , without limitation : ( 1 ) `` Contact Data '' ( such as your name , location , and e-mail address ) ; ( 2 ) `` Financial Data '' ( such as your account or credit card number ) ; and ( 3 ) `` Demographic Data '' ( such as you zip code and age ) .
In each case , you will be asked to provide Personal Information ; the Site will not gather it surreptitiously .
We may supplement the Personal Information you provide with additional Personal Information gathered from public sources or from third-parties ( e.g. , consumer reporting agencies ) who may lawfully provide such information to us .
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information , with the caveat that your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain of the Site 's services .
Information Collected Automatically :
We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Site or services .
The Company automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address , Company cookie information , the page you requested , data submitted , and content accessed .
Generally , our service automatically collects usage information , such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components .
When users are registered for the site , this information is connection to their account information .
We use this information to understand how people interact with the Service and to improve it .
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online .
We also use Google Display Network Impression Reporting , the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration , and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting .
Third-party vendors , including Google , show the Site 's ads on sites across the Internet .
The Site and third-party vendors , including Google , use first and third party cookies together to inform , optimize , and serve ads based on your past visits to the Site .
We also use these cookies to report how the Site 's ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to your visits to the Site .
We use Google 's Interest-based advertising and 3rd-party audience data ( such as age , gender and interests ) to get a better understanding of our audience with Google Analytics , which in turn helps us improve our products .
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings or the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on .
What Are Cookies ?
Like many websites , we use cookies and other standard web technology to collect information for our own use .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people .
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature , which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , as well as allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways .
We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated , however , because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Web site 's most attractive features .
If you disable the cookie feature , you assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality on the Site .
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use information we collect to authenticate your visits and send you information and products .
If you have opted in to receiving marketing information , we use your personal information to customize and deliver that information to you .
We also use the information to manage and improve our Site , our activities and our content .
We may use your information , in aggregate form and in collaboration with outside researchers , to measure and quantify the effectiveness of our site .
In our research , all the data is used in aggregate form or with your personal information removed .
We may enhance or merge personal information with your other information and with data from third parties in order to better market and provide our products and services .
The Site may contain features , e.g . blogs , discussion boards , chat rooms , etc. , that permit you to upload , post , transmit , display , perform or distribute content , information or other , including personal information .
Any information that you choose to disclose by means of such features becomes public information over which we are unable to exercise control .
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose information by means of such features , and you agree to assume all responsibility for doing so .
LIMITED DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Personal Information about our customers is an integral part of our business .
We do not share Personal Information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We share your Personal Information only with our partners and affiliates as described below .
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you .
Examples include processing credit card payments with a secure third party provider or creating reports on how the site is used .
Unless we tell you differently , these agents do not have any right to use Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us .
We also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law , or in response to a subpoena , court order , or other legal mechanism , or when we believe , in our sole discretion , that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the Company , third parties or the public at large .
We reserve the right to sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets , including information provided by you , in connection with a merger , reorganization or sale of some or all of our assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
In any such event , personally identifiable and other information may be one of the assets transferred .
We will post notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information for the above purposes .
We retain information for as long as required , allowed or we believe it useful , but do not undertake retention obligations .
We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice , subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information .
You must keep your own , separate back-up records .
The Site has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices to protect against the unauthorized access , use , modification , destruction or disclosure of your Personal Information .
For example , we use one or more of SSL encryption , firewalls and self-updating anti-virus software .
User purchase information is encrypted .
However , neither people nor security systems are foolproof .
While we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee absolute security .
YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
You are not required to register to gain access to many areas of the Site .
If you use the Site 's personalized services , however , we will treat your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Children 's online privacy protection
We understand the importance of protecting children 's privacy , especially in an online environment .
Accordingly , the Site and the Software are not designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 .
Likewise , it is our policy not to knowingly collect , maintain , use or disclose information about anyone under the age of 13 .
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS , LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We allow other companies , such as third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the SpanishDict.com Site and Word of the Day emails .
These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send , directly to your browser , some of the advertisements and links that appear on the SpanishDict.com Site .
These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens .
These advertisers may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content .
Users wishing to disable our web beacons in emails should do so by turning images `` off '' in their email client ( e.g. , Outlook , Outlook Express ) .
Please see your email client for more information .
Third party advertiser cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us , e.g. , your email address , in hashed , non-human readable form .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks .
The policies contained in our Privacy Policy do not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such other advertisers or web sites .
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time as our services evolve .
We will indicate any such changes at the privacy link at the bottom of our home page .
Accordingly , each time you use the Site you should check the `` Last Updated '' date of this privacy policy ( located at the top ) , and review any changes since you last accessed the Site .
Such changes are effective ten ( 10 ) calendar days after the Last Updated date ( the date they become effective is the `` effective date '' ) .
Unless Company obtains your express consent , any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected after the effective date of such revised Privacy Policy , and not to information collected under any earlier Privacy Policy .
We welcome inquiries or comments about our Privacy Policy and any queries or concerns .
To contact us , please send an email to support -at- spanishdict.com .
Want to learn Spanish ?
From the creators of SpanishDict comes Fluencia , an amazing way to learn Spanish .
Download our free app
Ver pgina en espaol
English to Spanish translation
Spanish to English translation
English to Spanish dictionary
Spanish to English dictionary
Spanish-English Q & A
Espaol-ingls Q & A
Available on the iPhone App Store
About | Contact Us | Privacy | Terms of Service
All rights reserved .
Curiosity Media , Inc .

At Ookla , we know that our success in providing free broadband services to the globe is all the result of trust .
Trust in the fact that we are 100 % independent -- from ISPs , mobile/cellular carriers , phone & cable companies and yes , from government , lobbyists and special interests too .
In fact the owners and operators of Ookla Speedtest have been broadband advocates ( some have said activists ) since 1992 .
Today , we focus first and foremost on what was merely a dream back then : Provide the world with free and easy to use broadband testing applications that fill the need for a single , global broadband standard .
We have built Ookla Speedtest on an almost infinitely scalable platform that ( now ) serves millions of people on all major operating systems and almost any platform : anytime , anywhere , and to/from thousands of physical locations all around the world .
We also know that above all , this trust in based in the unrivaled accuracy of our tools .
We provide this accuracy whether testing from your home , work , or a mobile device when on the go .
Your results are all , strictly at your option , stored under a single free account to make it even easier to manage and compare .
All of our valued customers do so knowing they remain entirely anonymous because we do n't collect any personally identifiable information whatsoever .
Our customers depend on us to reinvest and innovate , and provide these services at no cost to them .
How do we do without selling personally identifiable information ? First , it is important to realize that our business model is very different than many other free sites .
While we are and will always remain free to the entire worldwide population ( 250 million served in the last year alone ) , we separately serve thousands of clients who license special versions our technology for use on their own web site ( s ) .
In fact , this is all part of our success as the single global standard , exclusively used by over 80 % of North American Internet and Application Service Providers ( 60 % globally , and growing even faster ) and Fortune 500 , Fortune 50 , as well as serving many national government , federal communication organizations , including the FCC .
We do not collect ( or even see ! ) any information about you personally , but want you to know how the anonymous information we do receive is used .
First and foremost it is to help us continually improve our capabilities .
It surprises many to learn that we have been building and improving our testing engine for over twelve ( 12 ) years .
The original vision to create a web-based application to measure connections was in 1999 , long before it was technically practical to do so .
Since first creating a working program in 2003 , and in every week since , we have invested further , totaling now over thirty thousand hours of programming and testing all to improve our applications , as was absolutely necessary to do in order to meet the massive global demand to test broadband connections and other networks that get faster and increasingly complex all the time .
Second , we use anonymous information to build the entirely unique site Net Index , loaded with powerful tools and information to help broadband customers evaluate ISPs , business customers learn more about global network quality and cellular providers remain accountable .
Over 217 million people were presented key Net Index statistics in the past year alone .
All around the world Net Index provides the only accurate standard to clearly describe download and upload speeds , network quality as well as value and how well ISPs and Mobile providers are meeting their promises .
We get the opportunity to work with a wide variety of researchers in academia , businesses both non-profit and for-profit as well as national and local governments throughout the globe to help them understand the state of broadband in their areas of interest .
As of July 2011 , we help them better serve the needs of broadband users world-wide by providing them broadband performance data , including that information freely available to anyone at Net Index , and never include actual IP Addresses .
We do sometimes provide instead , a randomly generated IP ID that means nothing whatsoever , it merely makes it possible to match multiple test results to a single connection .
We also contribute data via Google 's Public Data Explorer , which we were specifically invited by Google to do in 2010 .
The result is powerful : for absolutely no cost researchers , governments , and of course ISPs and laypersons can chart how broadband has changed so tremendously over just the last few years in all parts of the world and better build the networks of tomorrow .
We are now planning to do much the same thing for Mobile broadband , and will be launching a special Mobile Section at Net Index in the near future .
Naturally in order to show you your result , we have to store that along with all of the information that allows you to compare your performance with others , and we do so with all tests that are performed with Ookla Speedtest ( Web or Mobile ) or at Pingtest.net .
These anonymous Test Results typically include the actual measurement results ( Mbps ) , the IPv4 or IPv6 network address , and the make and version of web browser that was used to access the site .
We take note also of the date and time the test was run and which ISP , college or organization who operates the network the connection is on and an approximate location for the server and the client machine ( using only publicly available information ) .
With Mobile devices , we collect the type of device , which version it is both hardware and software and the very same information about the network including what type the test was run on ( cellular or WiFi ) .
As well , and only if you have allowed us explicitly to do so on your device , the approximate location information only regarding where the test was run from .
HOW WE USE THE DATA WE COLLECT
We may use collected information in the manners described above and in the following ways : We may disclose anonymous Test Results to third parties , but by anonymous we mean no personally identifiable information is provided .
We also reserve the right to disclose the information we collect in the following circumstances ( i ) upon such lawful request or in response to legal process .
In circumstances where we are by demonstrable law and only after consulting with our own attorneys we are required to comply with such laws , ( ii ) to enforce our agreements , protect our application integrity and require or enforce our terms of use or ( iii ) to protect the rights , property or safety of Ookla , our employees , agents , customers and others .
In connection with a merger , acquisition , or other sale of significant assets of our company , we may transfer all of our data regarding broadband performance , including individual broadband test results , to the acquiring company .
We promise to first get their binding assurance they also abide by all privacy laws , generally accepted privacy policies and in accordance with simply being decent human beings we can work with to continue providing our free services to the general public .
Some Ookla Services are accessed through third party sites .
They may send us information , including personal information to us as part of our arrangement with them to provide you with a better experience .
We process that information under this Privacy Policy and do not store it unless you ask us to during Registration .
In general though , the information you provide to such sites will be governed by their privacy policies .
REGISTRATION ( ACCOUNT ) INFORMATION
Registering an account is not required but may be an option for certain services we provide .
Registration may require a valid email address to ensure the registration is from an actual , well-intended human .
We may email you with information related to these services , but we will never give your email address to others .
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
We use cookies to store information such as your preferences .
Otherwise you need to set your preferences each time you visit .
This includes settings such as which server you prefer to use , what measurement units you prefer ( metric/english or Kbps/Mbps ) .
Cookies are also used to track what advertisements you have seen on our site .
We try to show you ads that we think you will be interested in , and not the same one too many times .
Advertising helps supports the cost of operating our services and the Speedtest.net site .
We also use some third party advertisement services .
Some of these advertisers may use cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site which will also send these advertisers ( such as Google through the Google AdSense program ) information including your network address and the web browser you used to visit our site .
This data is generally used for geotargeting purposes ( showing New York broadband ads to someone in New York , for example ) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited ( such as showing outdoor gear ads to someone who frequents outdoor recreation sites ) .
Google specifically uses something called a DoubleClick DART cookie to accomplish this .
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by using the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out Tool .
You can also choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your web browser settings .
This may affect how you are able to interact with our site and the sites of others .
We take all reasonable steps to maintain appropriate security to help prevent misuse , unauthorized access , and disclosure of all of the information we store whether temporarily or long-term .
Still , while we do take these reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information , no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network is considered by anyone or can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
We may update this privacy policy from time to time .
When we do so , we will always write it ourselves instead of handing it to an attorney who specializes in privacy laws but is unable to hold a normal conversation with actual people .
We will however consult with those good folks , because we want to do this right .
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 4th , 2011 .
We will always post any new privacy policy on this page and change the date at the top of the policy .
We will otherwise try not to bother you and just focus on what you expect and trust us to do : provide quick and easy solutions to test your network from any device .
We 're on it !

( Updated September 2010 )
Spine-health.com is committed to maintaining the privacy of your online information , and Internet privacy is an issue that we take very seriously .
We believe it is important for you to know what information is being collected about you , how that information is being used , with whom it is being shared , and how to contact us if you have additional questions or concerns .
Information gathered online can generally be categorized as either anonymous or personally identifiable .
Anonymous information is information that can not be traced back to a specific individual .
For example , Spine-health.com knows how many searches are queried each day on its Web site but does not know the names , e-mail addresses or gender of the people searching .
Personally identifiable information ( or PII ) is information you provide that lets us know specific facts about you so that we can customize the information Spine-health.com delivers to you accordingly .
This information can include your name , address , zip code , etc .
Each time a visitor comes to Spine-health.com , we collect some information to improve the overall quality of the online experience , including product monitoring , product improvement , and targeted advertising .
At the Spine-health.com web site , basic anonymous information is collected by our web servers , such as the visitor 's domain name ( e.g . whether the user is logged on from aol.com or Comcast.net ) , referral data ( e.g. , which search engine a user visited prior to clicking through to Spine-health.com ) , and technical data ( e.g. , browser , platform , connection speed ) .
In addition to collecting these types of information , Spine-health.com collects aggregate queries for internal reporting and targeted advertising .
We also count , track , and aggregate the visitor 's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our sites ( e.g . tracking where traffic comes from , how traffic flows within Spine-health.com , etc . ) .
To these ends , we may merge information about you into group data , which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our advertisers ; but Spine-health.com will not disclose your individual identity or personal data without your permission .
When Spine-health.com does present aggregated information to outside companies , no one will be able to identify or contact you .
Spine-health.com uses cookies to monitor traffic flow , patterns of travel within and through the site , and to target advertising and , in the future , possibly dynamically generate content .
Cookies are a standard Internet technology that allows us to both store and retrieve login information on a user 's system .
Our web server automatically asks a new user whether his or her browser will agree to accept a Spine-health.com cookie file .
If a visitor accepts , our web server will identify the user 's cookie for Spine-health.com 's use in internal reporting .
If a user accepts a Spine-health.com cookie , but would later like to remove it from his or her computer , he or she can just remove it from the browser .
Some Spine-health.com web pages may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about web site usage .
A web beacon is an electronic image , also called an action tag , single pixel ( 1x1 ) , clear GIF , or web bug .
Web beacons can recognize certain types of anonymous information ( non-personally identifiable information , or non-PII ) on a visitor 's computer , such as a visitor 's IP address , time and date of a page view , type of browser , and the existence of cookies previously set by that server .
This is information that is available to any web server you visit .
Web beacons do not give any `` extra '' information away .
They are simply a convenient way of gathering the simplest of statistics and managing cookies .
Web beacons are typically used by a third-party to monitor the activity of a site .
You have the option to render some web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies .
The web beacon may still record an anonymous visit from your IP address , but unique information will not be recorded .
Spine-health.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site .
Our advertising partners ' Ad Server may use cookies when you view pages on our site ; these cookies collect anonymous ( non-PII ) information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of advertising sold on Spine-health.com .
Our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on Spine-health.com .
If you click on an advertisement on Spine-health.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites .
Certain advertiser sites may contain tracking code allowing our ad server systems to capture information about the activity on those sites , e.g. , how many people from Spine-health.com visited a certain page of the advertiser 's site , how many people from Spine-health.com completed a product purchase on that site .
Again , this information is used to measure the effectiveness of the advertising on Spine-health.com .
Some Ad Servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies .
To do so , you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site .
At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those Ad Servers .
Similarly , Spine-health.com provides links to other web resources and content partners , and users that click on these links will be taken off the Spine-health.com site .
These other sites may use their own cookies , collect data or solicit personal information .
You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you and if you agree to how it will be used .
We only collect personally identifiable information about you if you voluntarily provide it to us , for example , when you register on the site and provide your name and e-mail for us to send an e-newsletter to you .
We use the personally identifiable information that you supply to provide you with the specific services you select and may occasionally send you emails about web site maintenance and updates , which may include new features and enhanced functionality .
Spine-health.com does not sell or disclose any personally identifiable information about you , unless it has your explicit permission to do so .
Spine-health.com may occasionally sponsor sweepstakes , contests , or other events that require the collection , processing , and storage of individual contact and demographic information that may or may not be shared with participating sponsors .
A registrant 's personal contact and demographic information will not be released to third party or non-participating organizations without the user 's consent , and Spine-health.com will request that co-sponsors of such events maintain the privacy of the registrants ' information .
When appropriate , users will be given the opportunity to receive information from third-party organizations in connection with services or events offered by Spine-health.com .
This option may be made available through Spine-health.com 's registration and/or through registration processes maintained by a participating third-party .
In all cases , you will be informed before you register for the event or service that a third party will be receiving the registration information you provide , and you will have the option not to participate in any service or event that requires third party involvement .
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online -- - for example , via message boards or chat -- - that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know .
While Spine-health.com strives to protect its user 's personal information and privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk .
Spine-health.com does not provide third-party access to your personal information except in the aggregate and only after the information has been de-identified .
The information will be in the form of grouped statistics compiled from our users ' answers to survey questions and on-site behavior .
Spine-health.com will not disclose the contact or demographic information of any individual user to advertisers or any other outside organization without the express permission of the individual .
Each e-mail newsletter and special offer sent by Spine-health.com contains an easy , automated way for you to cease receiving our e-mail newsletters .
One click of the mouse is all that is required the system automatically excludes you from future mailings without needing additional human intervention .
To unsubscribe , click the `` unsubscribe '' link in the footer of any e-mail newsletter from Spine-health.com .
If you do not have Internet access , please reply to your Spine-health.com e-mail and type the word `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' in the subject line .
Spine-health.com will not rent , sell or barter your email address to third parties , nor will we share your name with marketing partners unless you check a special box on our site ( coming soon ) to request third-party offers sent from Spine-health.com .
Subscribers to Spine-health 's e-newsletters and other emails should log in to their account to update their preferences , revise their email address , unsubscribe from a particular email , etc .
On occasion , Spine-health.com will make available to potential advertisers and research firms aggregated results from research it has conducted on its user base .
Once again , Spine-health.com will only provide such demographic information on an aggregated basis and does not disclose individual member profiles without user consent .
Spine-health.com maintains a forums area , in which visitors can post and review posts from other visitors .
Click here to view the complete Spine-health Forum Rules and Regulations .
In accordance with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , Spine-health.com will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 .
790 Estate Drive , Suite 250
Deerfield , IL 60015

PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSUMER EDUCATION
It is our policy to respect the privacy of the people who access and use our network of websites , including the site you linked from ( the Site ) and the services we provide to you on the Site ( the Services ) .
Your accessing and continued use of our Site and Services constitutes your consent to and acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy applies to information that you provide to us through the Site and our Services , and when you access , download , purchase or use any information , services , products or content appearing on the Site .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes .
Any reference to us , our , we or similar words shall refer to SpinMedia and any of its affiliates or affiliated websites .
As used in this policy , the terms using and processing information include using cookies on a computer , subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way , including , but not limited to collecting , storing , evaluating , modifying , deleting , using , combining , disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
When you register to become a member of the Site and in the course of using the Site , you may voluntarily submit personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you and administer your account ( Personal Information ) .
Personal information may include , but is not limited to , your name , phone number and e-mail address .
The Site may also collect Personal Information from you if you choose to opt-in to participate in sweepstakes , surveys , contests or competitions .
When you register with the Site , you create your own profile and privacy settings .
Your profile information , as well as your name , e-mail and photo , are displayed to people you have specified in your privacy settings .
Profile information you submit to the Site , and make public via your privacy settings , will also be available to other users via searching our Site , and may be available to third party search engines .
This is primarily so your friends can find you and the content you create and store on the Site .
We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your screen or user name to the extent that allows others to identify you .
Personal Information is used for the following purposes : ( i ) to provide and improve our services , features and content ; ( ii ) to administer your use of our services and your account ; ( iii ) to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site ; ( iv ) to better understand your needs and interests ; ( v ) to fulfill requests you may make ; ( vi ) to personalize your experience ; ( vii ) to provide service announcements ; and ( viii ) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting , including newsletters , marketing or promotional materials and other information on related services .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications .
Further , you may easily adjust your privacy and e-mail settings via your account settings at any time .
As you use the Site , our servers automatically record information that the browser sends whenever it points to a Site or online service ( Log Data ) .
Log Data may include , but is not limited to , your computer 's Internet Protocol address , browser type , the web page you were visiting before you came to one of the Site and information you search for on a Site .
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and Services , for technical administration , to increase functionality and user-friendliness , and to better tailor it to our visitors ' needs .
For example , some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again , it will recognize you and serve information appropriate to your interests .
Like many websites , we use cookies to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use persistent cookies to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site .
We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of our service , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site and aggregate usage of the Site .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the services .
We also use the services of a third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you on our behalf when you visit the Site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
We do not direct the Site to persons under 13 years of age , and requires Users to be 13 years or older .
Accordingly , we do not knowingly collect or maintain on the Site personally identifying or other information from persons under 13 years of age .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will delete such information from our files .
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask a parent or guardian for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet .
Consumer Education Related to Social Networking
Creating a safe social networking environment is important to us .
While we do not target or knowingly allow users under 18 to use the Service , interested persons may visit the following links created by the Federal Trade Commission to learn more about social networking safety tips :
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will not disclose to any unauthorized third party a member 's name or contact information .
We will also not monitor , edit or disclose the contents of any member 's information unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights or property ; ( 3 ) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users or the public ; ( 4 ) to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , illegal , unethical , inappropriate or legally actionable ; or ( 5 ) fix or debug problems with our servers/software/service .
In addition to your username , any comments or submissions that you post to the Site will be publicly available .
You post and share your Personal Information and content on the Site at your own risk .
While we go to great lengths to create a safe and enjoyable experience on the Site , we can not control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your content and/or profile information .
In addition , we can not anticipate other users ' ability to circumvent privacy settings .
You understand that , even after removal of your Personal Information and content from the Site , copies of your information may remain viewable in cached or archived Web pages or on the local computers of users who may have downloaded or stored your information .
Even with all the appropriate precautions we take to protect your information , we recommend you refrain from sending private information or Personal Information by e-mail , chat , or other messaging services .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that includes non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling , and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services .
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the our services , to provide the services on our behalf , to perform services related to administration of the Site ( including , without limitation , maintenance , hosting and database management services , web analytics and administration ) .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
We may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
If you choose to invite your friends to use our Services , using our invitation options , we will ask for information such as an e-mail address .
We will automatically send your friend ( s ) a one-time e-mail invitation to visit the Site .
We store this information to send this one-time invitation , and to track the success of this referral feature .
CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
All members may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by logging into their account and changing the user preferences associated with their account .
If you completely delete all such information , your account may be deactivated .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
We employ administrative , physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access and disclosure including encrypting your communication by utilizing Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software .
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security , confidentiality , or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data ( as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification ) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Services in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay , insofar as consistent with ( i ) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or ( ii ) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system .
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us , please be advised that we transfer Personal Information to the United States and process it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site and Services may contain links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
You may also contact us by mail to SpinMedia , 6464 W. Sunset Blvd. , # 650 , Hollywood , California 90028 .
LAST UPDATED : 03/25/2013

Our goal here at Sporcle is to create a fun and interesting experience that entertains as well as educates .
You privacy is very important to us .
We will do everything we can to meet or exceed your expectations .
If you have any questions or concerns , do n't hesitate to contact us .
To use the services here at Sporcle , we only require very little information , e.g . an email and a name .
We ask for this so you can log back in to your account to make changes .
We ask for a unique handle so your friends can know who you are without you having to show your email address .
Please do n't share your password with others , as this would allow them access to your account .
Sporcle uses cookies to make your experience easier .
If you ask us , we keep track of your login information so you do n't have to reenter your login information every time you come to the site .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit networkadvertising.org .
We use third-party advertising companies ( for example Google Adsense ) to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Sporcle 's Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time .
Your use of this website after any changes constitutes your agreement with this policy .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us here .

SPORTS REFERENCE LLC - Privacy Statement
A combination of sites providing top-notch statistics and resources for sports fans everywhere .
This Privacy Statement addresses SRL 's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it does not address or govern any information gathering , use , or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site , including , without limitation , from or via telephone , facsimile , postal mail , personal delivery , or other or additional offline means or media .
SRL can be contacted by mail , phone , facsimile , or by e-mail at SRL , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors
SRL may collect or track ( 1 ) the home server domain names , e-mail addresses , type of client computer , files downloaded , search engine used , operating system , and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site , ( 2 ) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with SRL via e-mail , ( 3 ) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms , registration forms , surveys , e-mail , contest entries , and other online avenues ( including , without limitation , demographic and personal profile data ) , and ( 4 ) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access .
SRL may place Internet `` cookies '' on visitors ' hard drives .
Internet cookies save data about individual visitors , such as the visitor 's name , password , user-name , shopping cart , screen preferences , and the pages of the Site viewed by the visitor .
When the visitor revisits the Site , SRL may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor 's experience accordingly , for example , in pre-filling forms .
Visitors may decline or remove Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software , if available .
SRL also may use Web bugs to gather , store , and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site .
A Web bug is a file object , which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel graphics file , which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user activity .
A Web bug can gather , for example , the IP address of your computer , the time the Web page was viewed , and the type of browser used .
When a visitor performs a search within the Site , SRL may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed .
SRL may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site , and to calculate overall usage statistics .
We use third-party payment service providers such as Amazon.com and PayPal to handle any monetary transactions .
SRL does not store any of your private payment information provided by you directly to these service providers .
Comments , Notices and Chat Rooms
Comments posted to any of our Web pages are public .
All other notices sent to SRL should use the following address or contact information :
6757 Greene St , Suite 315
Philadelphia , PA 19119
With respect to chat rooms , SRL does not , and is not obligated to , monitor or review any areas on the Site , or the content therein , where users transmit or post communications or communicate with each other regarding SRL or Content ( see Terms and Conditions ) on the Site , including but not limited to , communications in chat rooms , bulletin boards or other user forums .
As such , SRL assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information , no duty to update or correct such information , and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright , libel , privacy , obscenity , or otherwise .
Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal data collected by SRL may be used by SRL for many reasons , for example , for editorial and feedback purposes , for marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of users ' behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for fulfillment of a requested transaction or record-keeping , or to customize the content and layout of the Site .
Aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be used for internal purposes , and individually identifying information , such as names , postal and e-mail addresses , phone numbers , and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to SRL may be added to SRL 's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates , new products and services , and upcoming events .
With respect to visitor e-mail addresses , we allow users to post their e-mail address on comments or in sponsorships , in the event that they wish to allow others to reach them easily .
Visitor e-mail addresses from comments are not used by SRL to generate mailing lists .
SRL also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms and Conditions , any subscriber agreement , this Privacy Statement , and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors .
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Subject to the limitations of Paragraph 4 , aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms .
Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data which visitors provide to SRL may be provided to third parties who provide products , information , or services which SRL believes that visitors may be interested in directly or indirectly purchasing or obtaining .
Identifiable or non-identifiable data also may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which SRL enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction , such as , for example , a merger , consolidation , acquisition , or asset purchase , or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , in response to a request by or on behalf of any local , state , federal , or other government agency , department , or body , whether or not pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , or if determined by SRL in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life , health , security , or property of SRL or any other person or entity .
While SRL will undertake efforts to see that any third party to which SRL shares , rents , sells , or otherwise discloses personal data is under a contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed , such third parties are independent third parties over which SRL exercises no control , and SRL is not responsible for their conduct , actions , omissions , or information handling or dissemination practices and SRL will not be liable therefor .
This Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties .
SRL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites , advertisers , or third parties , or for the content of such sites or advertisements .
It is possible that these links or advertisements , themselves , may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors .
It is solely the visitor 's obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties .
SRL has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information .
For example , SRL : undertakes all efforts to maintain a secure server ; does not store any user credit card information ; and requires employees and service providers who work for or with SRL to sign confidentiality and security contracts restricting their use of any data related to user information .
Please be advised , however , that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from SRL via this Site or e-mail can not be guaranteed .
Accordingly , SRL is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet .
Instead of communicating with SRL via e-mail or the Internet , visitors can contact SRL by mail , phone , or facsimile , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
Except as necessary for SRL to provide the services , information , or products requested by a visitor , the visitor may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information , which has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription , prospectively retained by SRL , used by SRL for secondary purposes , or disclosed by SRL to third parties by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile at the addresses set out above .
( This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the above description . )
By way of illustration , you have the option to remove your name from any of our mailing lists at any time .
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
Upon a visitor 's request via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile , SRL will provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by SRL regarding the visitor , which information has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription .
A visitor may modify , correct , change or update their personally identifiable information by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , facsimile , or telephone as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement .
Right to Change Privacy Statement
SRL may change this Privacy Statement at any time .
Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement , as well as the location of the new or revised statement , will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change .
It is the obligation of users visiting the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit .
Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to all visitors once instituted , including as to any visitor who previously visited the Site before the change was made .
Effective Date : October 1 , 2004
Last Updated : April 25 , 2008

Effective as from 17 October 2012
The information we collect
How we use the information we collect
How we share the information we collect
Transfer to other countries
Accessing and updating user information
Changes to the Privacy Policy
More information about cookies & similar technologies
Hello , and welcome to our Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy helps you to make informed decisions about your relationship with us , so please read it carefully .
We hope you 're sitting comfortably .
Thanks for choosing Spotify .
To provide you with the Spotify Service ( or Service , both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use ) , Spotify USA Inc .
( Spotify , we , us , our ) needs to collect some information about you , and this Privacy Policy is where we describe the information we collect , what we do with it , and how you can manage and control the use of your information .
By using or interacting with the Service , you are entering into a binding contract with us and consenting to the use of your information as explained in this Privacy Policy .
If you do n't agree with these terms , then please do n't use the Service .
The information we collect
When you sign up for the Service , we may collect information we ask you for , like your username , password , e-mail address , date of birth , gender , postal code , and country .
We may also collect information you voluntarily add to your profile , such as your mobile phone number and mobile service provider .
If you connect to the Service using your Facebook credentials , you authorise us to collect your authentication information , such as your username , encrypted access credentials , and other information that may be available on or through your Facebook account , including your name , profile picture , country , hometown , e-mail address , date of birth , gender , friends ' names and profile pictures and networks .
We may store this information so that it can be used for the purposes explained in Section 3 .
2.2 Usage & log data
When you use the Service , we automatically collect certain information , including : ( i ) information about your type of subscription and your , interactions with the Service , including with songs , playlists , other Spotify users , Third Party Applications ( as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use ) and advertising , products and services which are offered , linked to or made available on the Service ; ( ii ) the details of the queries you make ; ( iii ) User Content ( as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use ) ; ( iv ) technical data , which may include the URL you are coming from , your IP address , unique device ID , network and computer performance , browser type , language and identifying information , transactional information enabling digital rights management , operating system , and Spotify application version ; and ( v ) location information .
If you have connected your account to Facebook , we may receive similar information related to your interactions with the Service on Facebook .
We may store this information so that it can be used for the purposes explained in Section 3 .
You may integrate your Spotify account with third party services besides Facebook ( Other Integrated Services ) .
If you do , we may receive , use and share the categories of information described above , including information made publically available on or through your account of such Other Integrated Service , in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
When you sign up for a Trial or any of our Paid Subscriptions ( as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use ) , or make other purchases through the Service , your credit card information and other financial data that we need to process your payment are collected and stored by third party payment processors , and we may collect some limited information , such as your postal code and details of your transaction history .
These third parties generally provide us with some limited information related to you , such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they 've stored , and your card 's type , expiration date , and last four digits .
If you choose to pay by invoice , Spotify may need to collect and transfer additional information , like your name , date of birth and phone number , to our invoicing service provider to enable credit checks and send you invoices .
The use of your data by our invoicing service provider is subject to its privacy policies .
2.5 Cookies & similar technologies
A cookie is a small text file that resides on your computer , mobile phone , or other device , and allows us or our business partners to recognise your device when you return to the Service .
We may use cookies to perform functions essential to the operation of the Service , track site usage and trends , provide advertising on the Service , and improve and customise your Spotify experience .
We may also allow certain business partners to place or recognise cookies for those purposes .
Learn more about how we use cookies and other similar standard Internet technologies at the bottom of this Privacy Policy ( by clicking here ) .
2.6 Sweepstakes , contests , & surveys
From time to time , we may offer you the chance to participate in sweepstakes , contests , and surveys ( Special Promotions ) through the Service .
Participation in a Special Promotion is entirely voluntary .
A Special Promotion may be governed by a privacy policy and/or terms and conditions that are separate from this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use ) .
If the provisions of the Special Promotion 's privacy policy or terms and conditions conflict with this Privacy Policy or the Terms and Conditions of Use , those separate terms and conditions or privacy policy shall prevail .
If you choose to participate in a Special Promotion , we may ask you for certain personal information in addition to what is stated in this Privacy Policy .
That additional information may be combined with other account information and may be used and shared as described in this Privacy Policy .
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information we collect , including your personal information , to : ( i ) provide , personalise , and improve your experience with the Service and products and services made available through the Service , for example by providing customised or localised content and advertising ; ( ii ) ensure technical functioning of the Service and products and services made available through the Service , develop new products and services , and analyse your use of the Service , including your interaction with applications , advertising , products and services that are made available , linked to or offered in the Service ; ( iii ) communicate with you for Service-related purposes , including promotional e-mails or messages ; ( iv ) enable and promote the Service , including features and content of the Service and products and services made available through the Service , such as sharing , user interactions , notifications and suggestions , and integration with third party services ; ( v ) enforce this Privacy Policy , the Terms and Conditions of Use , and the Mobile Terms , including to protect the rights , property or safety of Spotify , users or any other person and the copyright-protected content of the Service ; and ( vi ) as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy .
How we share the information we collect
We may share the information we collect , including your personal information , as follows :
4.1 Finding you and sharing within the Spotify Service
The Spotify Service is a social service which offers many ways to find , enjoy , and share content , and we enable and encourage users to explore who else is using the Service and their public profiles .
Much of your Spotify profile information is publicly available to others by default , such as name and/or username , profile picture , type of subscription , and playlists you create or subscribe to .
We may use your public information to promote the Service and to help others find you and/or your Spotify profile content , including through Facebook and Other Integrated Services .
Your activity on the Service , including but not limited to music you listen to or add to your profile and Third Party Applications that you add or use will automatically appear in the activity feed of friends .
We may use your information to notify others , including on the Service , via e-mail , and through Facebook and Other Integrated Services , about news related to your profile and activity , such as that you have joined Spotify , take actions related to their Spotify profiles or content which they subscribe to , or other actions which we think may be of interest to them .
Likewise , we may notify you about such activity of other users .
Learn more about how to manage notifications , your publicly available profile information , and what you share with others in section 5 below .
4.2 Sharing with Facebook and other services
If you connect to Spotify using Facebook or otherwise connect your Spotify account to an Other Integrated Service , the default setting is generally that Spotify automatically shares your activity and activity-related stories with that service , including the music you listen to .
You understand that such information may be attributed to your account on Facebook or the Other Integrated Service and may be published on such service .
See section 5 below to learn how you can disable sharing of information on Facebook and Other Integrated Services .
Spotify also enables you to share a particular item of content , on an individual basis , to third party services or other Spotify users by using the share functionality in the Service .
Please note that sharing of such content on a third party service may be posted as activity on the Service , regardless of your account settings .
To share an individual item of content to a third party service , you 'll be prompted to enter your access credentials for that third party service .
Spotify may store your username and an access token or similar credentials obtained from the third party service , so that you are able to share particular items of content , on that third party service , on an individual basis , without entering your access credentials again .
You understand and agree that Facebook 's or other third parties ' use of information they collect from you is governed by their privacy policies , and Spotify 's use of such information is governed by this Privacy Policy .
4.3 Sharing with Third Party Applications
To personalise your experience , we may share some information we have collected about you with providers of Third Party Applications , such as high-level geographic information , your musical preferences , settings and technical data .
However , we take precautions to prohibit Third Party Application providers from attempting to identify you by using the information we provide to them or by collecting additional information without your consent .
Please note that if you :
actively choose to provide Third Party Applications with additional information , such as by visiting a Third Party Application ( which enables collection of your IP address ) , dragging and dropping a playlist into a Third Party Application , or allowing us to share precise geographic data which Third Party Application providers request from us ; or
consent to collection of additional information about you by a Third Party Application provider when you for example register with or log in to the Third Party Application ,
the Third Party Application may be able to identify you and associate the information previously provided by Spotify with you .
You agree and understand that a Third Party Application provider 's privacy policy governs its use of your information that we provide to it or that it collects from you .
4.4 Service providers and others
We may from time to time engage other companies in the Spotify group and third party service providers to perform functions and process user data , consistent with section 3 above .
Third party service providers ' processing of user data will always be subject to security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law .
In addition to the above , we may also share your information to third parties for these limited purposes :
to allow a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of our assets ;
to respond to legal process ( e.g . a court order or subpoena ) , if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to do so ; to comply with requirements of mandatory applicable law ; to protect the safety of any person ; to protect the rights and property of Spotify , including to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use and Mobile Terms ; and to address fraud , security or technical issues ;
to inform business partners about use of the Service and products and services made available through the Service , in the form of aggregated statistics or otherwise in a format which does not reveal your identity ;
if you expressly opt in to such sharing .
You agree and understand that the privacy policies of the third parties will govern all use of information that we provide to it or that it collects from you .
Through your settings , you can choose which communications you receive from us , manage your public profile information , and set your sharing preferences .
However , please note that it may not be possible to make certain information private on the Service , including your name and/or username and profile picture .
Such information and other information which are set to public in your settings , such as playlists , may be used , re-shared or linked to by others on the Service or others across the web , so please use Spotify carefully and manage your account settings regularly .
Remember that if you make profile content private , others who already subscribe to or otherwise have the details of such content will still have access to it .
Also keep in mind that playlists and other content added to your profile may include personal information , such as username , which could enable other persons to find you in the Spotify Service or other services .
To change , customise , or limit access to or sharing of information collected from Facebook or Other Integrated Service , please visit your account settings on that service .
Transfer to other countries
Spotify processes information about our users on servers located in a number of countries .
Spotify may also subcontract processing or share your information to a third parties located in countries , other than your home country .
Information collected within the European Economic Area ( EEA ) and Switzerland may , for example , be transferred to , and processed in , a country outside of the EEA and Switzerland..
You expressly consent to this .
We may display advertisements from third parties and other content which links to third party websites .
We can not control or be held responsible for third parties ' privacy practices and content .
Please read their privacy policies to find out how they collect and process your personal information .
We are committed to protecting our users ' information .
Your password protects your user account , so you should use a unique and strong password , limit access to your computer and browser , and sign off after having used the Spotify Service .
While we take reasonable data protection precautions , no security measures are completely secure , and we do not guarantee the security of user information at any time .
For users in the United States , the Spotify Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If you are under 13 years of age , do not use the Service and do not provide any personal information to us .
If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information , we will delete it .
Accessing and updating user information
You can access and amend some of the information we keep on you through your settings .
We will respond within a reasonable period of time upon verification of your identity .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time , so please visit this Privacy Policy regularly .
If we make changes which we believe are material , we will inform you through the Service .
Your continued use of the Service thereafter constitutes acceptance of the changes .
More information about cookies & similar technologies
We use cookies for four general purposes , as explained in this chart :
Essential Operational These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate the Spotify Service as you have requested .
For example , they let us recognise what type of subscriber you are and then provide you with services accordingly .
Performance We use these cookies to analyse how the Spotify Service is used or is performing .
We use this information to maintain , operate and continually improve the Spotify Service .
Functional These cookies let us operate certain functions of the Spotify Service in line with the choices you make .
These cookies mean that when you come back to the Spotify Service , we can provide you with our services as you have asked for them to be provided , such as knowing your username , remembering how you have customised our services and reminding you of music you have enjoyed .
Targeting/advertising We use these cookies to serve you with advertisements through the Spotify Service .
Some advertisements may be relevant to you and your interests .
These cookies may also help us and our business partners regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness .
As above , our business partners may use their cookies on the Spotify Service , for the same general purposes identified above .
Most web browsers also allow you to manage your cookie preferences .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies , or delete certain cookies .
This may impair or prevent due functioning of the Service .
We may use standard Internet technologies similar to cookies like these :
Clear GIFs : We may use clear GIFs ( aka web bugs ) , which are small image files that we embed into our e-mail newsletters , to learn whether you opened or forwarded the newsletter or clicked on any of the content .
This information tells us about our newsletters ' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we 're delivering information that you find interesting .
HTML5 Local Storage : We use HTML5 local storage for frequency capping purposes and to provide you with relevant advertising .
We do not use HTML5 local storage to collect any personal data or to track your activity on our websites .
Copyright 2012 Spotify AB or its affiliates .
All rights reserved .
Spotify USA Inc. , 45 W. 18th Street ,
New York , NY 10011

Last updated : November 12 , 2013
IMPORTANT NOTICE : Sprint 's opt-in Mobile Advertising program , which makes the mobile ads you see on your device more relevant to you , and Sprint 's opt-out Reporting and Analytics program , which creates and shares certain business and marketing reports , are governed by this privacy policy .
We do not share any information that identifies you personally under either of these programs .
For detailed information on these programs and to learn how to opt in or out , please visit sprint.com/privacy .
( En Espaol )
Sprint Corporation Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) describes how Sprint Corporation ( `` Sprint '' ) will collect , access , use or disclose your personal information .
It applies to all of our products , services , and web sites ( `` Services '' ) .
A few of our Services are covered by different privacy policies and in the event of a conflict between the two , the product or service specific policy governs .
For example , we may have a separate policy or agreement for certain products , services or brands .
Our collection , access , use , disclosure and safeguarding of your personal information is subject to U.S. law .
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY POLICY
We collect personal information about you in various ways .
We may also get information from other sources and may combine it with information we collect about you .
Personal information does not include information that is not used to identify you , including aggregate or anonymous information .
Information you give us .
The personal information we collect includes information you give us , such as name , postal address , telephone number , e-mail address , date of birth , social security number or other government identification number , demographics , activities , location information , and personal preferences .
Information that we automatically collect .
We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you use our Services .
We may collect information about your device such as the type , version of operating system , signal strength , whether it is on and how it is functioning , as well as information about how you use the device and services available through it , such as your call and data usage and history , your location , web sites you have visited , applications purchased , applications downloaded or used , and other similar information .
We may link information we automatically collect with personal information , such as information you give us at registration or check out .
We may use systems or tools to follow your use of our Services and other applications , including using cookies , web beacons and other mechanisms , along with analysis of network and device information .
For example , we allow collection by analytic service provider ( s ) of site click-stream and cookie data to help us track aggregate and individual use of our Services .
We sometimes use cookies to enable features on our sites , such as the ability to save your shopping cart or set preferences .
Advertisers and advertising networks that serve ads on our sites may also use their own mechanisms , including cookies .
These third party cookies or tools are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads and are not subject to this Policy .
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information for a variety of purposes , including providing you with Services .
We use your personal information to do things like :
Process your orders .
Protect our rights and property and those of our customers .
Respond to legal process and emergencies .
Develop or inform you of new products and services .
Anonymize or aggregate personal information for various purposes like market analysis or traffic flow analysis and reporting .
Monitor , evaluate or improve our products , Services , systems , or networks .
Customize or personalize your experience with our Services .
Customize or personalize online advertising to bring you information about products and services of Sprint or others that may interest you , including co-branded offers .
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows :
We may share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf .
Group Account Holders .
We offer group accounts to business and government customers , family customers and other group account holders ( `` Group Accounts '' ) .
The account holder for Group Accounts is the entity or person that buys the service or product for its employees , family members or other authorized users .
You ( as the user of a device ) may receive service , certain pricing , terms or other benefits through a Group Account with us .
If so , we may share with that Group Account holder customer registration and other information related to your use of our services .
Third Party Verification Services .
We may share limited personal information ( e.g. , address , phone number ) with non-Sprint entities to assist with identity verification , and to prevent fraud and identity theft .
Other Third Parties with Your Consent .
We may share information with other third parties with your consent .
For example , you may agree to our sharing your information with other third parties to hear about their products and services .
Use of the information you agree to share will be subject to those third parties ' separate privacy policies .
Disclosures to Third Party Application and Service Providers .
You may choose to use services and products offered by third parties through our Services or devices such as third party applications .
When you leave our network you may also use mobile roaming services provided by third parties .
Your use of such services and applications may result in these third parties collecting your personal information and obtaining information from Sprint , including location information ( when applicable ) .
You may also choose to give personal information directly to third parties when using our Services .
In each case , personal information you give a third party will be subject to its terms , conditions , and policiesnot this policy .
You should review a third party 's privacy policy and terms of service before providing your information or using the service .
Personal information about you may be disclosed as part of any merger , acquisition , sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider .
In the unlikely event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership , personal information may also be transferred as a business asset .
Protection of Sprint and Others .
We may access , monitor , use or disclose your personal information or communications to do things such as :
comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process ;
protect the rights or property of us , our agents , members , our customers , and others including to enforce our agreements , policies and terms of use ;
respond to emergencies ;
initiate , render , bill , and collect for services ; or
facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes , fees , or other obligations due to a local , state , or federal government requirement ; or determine eligibility for government benefits .
We may share information that is de-identified or in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you .
We share de-identified or aggregate information for purposes such as to :
Conduct market or traffic flow analysis and reporting or produce or facilitate production by others of business and marketing reports to share with third parties .
For example , we may aggregate customer information across a particular region and create a report showing that 10,000 subscribers from a given city visited a sports stadium .
If you do not wish for us to use your information to produce de-identified and aggregated data sets in the reports we share with third parties , you may opt out at any time .
See sprint.com/privacy for details .
With your opt-in consent only , customize or personalize advertising you see when using your wireless device to access the internet or mobile applications .
We may use information about your mobile web browsing to deliver more relevant advertisements tailored to your interests , and we may share de-identified information with third parties so that they can tailor their advertising to your interests .
To receive ads more relevant to your interests , you must opt in to this use and sharing of your information .
See sprint.com/privacy for details on how to do so .
NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain a variety of physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards .
These safeguards help protect your personal information from loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration and destruction .
Be sure to use a strong password to access your information on Sprint.com and not one you use for other services .
You can learn more about how you can protect your information by reviewing our privacy FAQs .
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
We offer you choices regarding how we contact you for marketing-related communications and whether we use information regarding your online or mobile web activities for marketing purposes .
We also offer you choices regarding the use of de-identified information to make ads you see on your mobile device more relevant and to produce or facilitate production of business and marketing reports shared with third parties .
Visit sprint.com/privacy to learn about your choices and how to register your privacy preferences with us .
If you register a do-not-contact request , we still may contact you for non-promotional purposes , such as emails or wireless messages related to your accounts or our ongoing business relations .
For details on Sprint 's do-not-contact practices , including how we honor consumer and business customer do-not-contact requests , please visit sprint.com/privacy .
If you disable cookies on your Internet browser , you also may stop some collection and use of data when you visit our web sites .
If you would like to change certain Sprint account information , you may create an online account and manage your account online .
You must be 18 to subscribe to Sprint services .
Nevertheless , as part of the Unlimited , My Way Student Promotion , a parent or legal guardian may provide a Sprint device to a child under the age of 13 .
In such cases , Sprint takes steps to minimize the data it collects from Sprint applications on the device and provides parents resources to control the information children can share with other parties .
In some instances , a parent may be able to review or request deletion of the personal information collected from a child 's device , or take steps to prevent further collection of such information .
If you have any questions about Sprint 's policies for student phones or about how to control the information collected on them from users under 13 , or if you wish to correct or delete any personal information provided to Sprint on a student phone used by a child under 13 , you can contact us using the contact information below .
You may also control the content your child may access by logging into sprint.com/manage , and reviewing the My Preferences tab .
If you prefer , you also may write us at Office of Privacy -Legal Department , Sprint , P.O .
Box 4600 , Reston , Virginia 20195 .
To send us a legal notice relating to this Policy , send it to Our Legal Notices Address listed in , and by the method specified in , the Acceptable Use Policy .
We may change this Policy at any time .
When we change the Policy we will give notice by changing the date it was last updated or as required by law .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Sprint shares personal information between Sprint affiliates and marketing agents for marketing purposes .
We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own independent marketing purposes without your consent .
California residents may request the categories of personal information Sprint shared with its affiliates during the previous calendar year , if any .
Written requests may be sent to the Office of Privacy -Legal Department , Sprint , P.O .
Box 4600 Reston , VA 20195 .
Sprint will respond to these requests within 30 days .
Requests that come to Sprint by other means may result in a delayed response .
INTERNATIONAL DATA PRIVACY POLICY
Our International Data Privacy Policy informs you about our practices and policies regarding the collection , use , disclosure , transfer , storage , and processing of personal information collected outside the United States in connection with Services offered by Sprint , its subsidiaries , affiliates , and agents .

At Staples , your privacy is as important to us as it is to you .
Our Customer Personal Information Privacy Policy defines how Staples protects your privacy .
This Privacy Policy describes :
Why we collect Personal Information
What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected
How your Personal Information is used and protected
When and with whom your Personal Information is shared
What to do if you feel your Personal Information has been compromised
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and Web sites offered by Staples , Inc. , our subsidiaries and affiliated companies .
Staples offers many different Web sites for many different business purposes .
As this Privacy Policy applies to all of our Web sites , they are collectively referred to as Web site throughout this policy .
The Web site is also governed by its Terms of Use .
If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy directly conflict with the Terms of Use , the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us through our Web site or write to us at :
500 Staples Drive , Framingham , MA 01702
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual .
This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future .
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual .
This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future .
While we limit the information we collect , we do collect Personal Information when you :
Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site
Create an account on our Web site
Make a purchase at one of our retail stores
Return an item , make an exchange or submit a rebate
Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service
Receive a gift package
Sign up for Staples email updates or other promotional materials
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey , promotion or event
Apply for a Staples credit card account
In order to provide our full range of services , we may collect Personal Information including :
Credit card , debit card or checking account information
Driver 's license number and expiration date ( in conjunction with merchandise returns and credit checks )
Age/date of birth ( in conjunction with promotions , for credit card applications and credit checks )
Social Security number ( in conjunction with credit applications only )
Employment history ( in conjunction with credit applications only )
In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services , we may combine the information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you , or from third parties , or with other public demographic information .
We maintain this information , along with a record of your purchases , in a restricted database .
There are some services provided by Staples that require us to become temporary custodians of your equipment that may contain your Personal Information .
These services typically involve a personal computer .
Staples does not retain information from these devices once the requested services are complete .
Also , our Web site is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children and we do not actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 .
How We Use the Information We Collect
At Staples , we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items .
The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to :
Customize your shopping experience
Confirm , process and track your orders
Provide the products and services you request
Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order
Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online
Fulfill gift card orders
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
Identify your product and service preferences
Communicate great values and featured items to you
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Send you Staples email updates
Improve our merchandise selection , Web site , retail experience and customer service
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk
Administer billing and payment for your purchases
Administer promotions , contests , sweepstakes and rewards programs
Administer branded credit cards
Comply with applicable law , legal procedures , requirements , regulations and statutes
Staples does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties .
Third-party Web sites may have different privacy practices than described in this Privacy Policy .
We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third-party Web sites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the Staples Web site , Staples ' services and Staples ' handling of Personal Information .
Personal Information that you provide to third-party Web sites may be sent to Staples in order to deliver the services you have requested .
You can be assured that we will process Personal Information that we receive from these Web sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Choices for Personal Information
To further improve your shopping experience , Staples partners with third-party vendors to evaluate how the Web site is used and to provide continuous improvement for our services .
Like most Web sites , we use `` cookies '' for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to the Web site .
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes .
For example , we use cookies to understand which Web pages are visited and how often they are visited , to remember you when you return to the Web site , and to generally make the Web site more user friendly .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent .
However , if you do decide to refuse all cookies , please be aware that some Web site features and Staples services may be unavailable or may not function properly .
Browser settings , including do not track signals and other mechanisms , will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies , personalized third-party advertising , or promotional messages from Staples ; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt-out from such promotional messages .
To opt out of Staples advertising-related cookies , follow the links for our partners below :
Customized content display opt-out : Targeting Opt-out
Choices for Receiving Promotional Material
You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from Staples .
Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods :
Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from Staples
Call us toll free at 800-333-3330
Fax us toll free at 877-490-2660
Write to us at
Staples Direct Marketing Services
Framingham , MA 01702
Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least sixty ( 60 ) days to become effective .
You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than Staples or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you .
You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date .
In the normal course of business , Staples shares Personal Information with third parties .
We do this in the following limited circumstances :
Personal Information is provided to our subsidiaries , affiliated companies or other third parties for the purpose of processing the information on our behalf .
We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary to : ( a ) satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against imminent harm to the rights , property or safety of Staples , its customers or the public as required or permitted by law .
We may disclose a customer 's name , phone number , postal address and/or ordering information to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes so that they may notify individuals of offers or services that may be of interest .
We do not provide credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes .
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated , non-Personal Information , such as how many customers viewed a particular product or Web page .
Such information would not identify you individually .
We may disclose and/or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger , acquisition or sale ( including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving Staples or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization , stock or asset sale , or other change in corporate control .
Staples processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected .
The information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy , any additional privacy notices that may be associated with the service we are supplying , applicable law , or your authorization or consent .
Staples maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information .
When you enter Personal Information that contains a Social Security number , driver 's license number , or credit or debit card number in the designated and secured sections of our Web site , the information will be encrypted or encoded before it is sent over the Internet .
Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical , administrative and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards .
Staples processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries .
In some cases , we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law .
Staples takes reasonable steps to verify that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate , complete and current .
We also depend on our customers to update or correct their online profiles and to contact us with changes in Personal Information whenever necessary by one of the following means :
Follow the unsubscribe link or Update Your Email Preferences link on any promotional email received from Staples
Call us toll-free at 800-333-3330
Fax us toll-free at 877-490-2660
Write to us at
Staples Direct Marketing Services
Framingham , MA 01702
Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes , we will make good-faith efforts to correct or delete such data at your request when you notify us of an error or change in your Personal Information .
To prevent unauthorized changes to someone 's Personal Information , we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before processing such requests .
We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update , correct or delete Personal Information .
We also may decline to process requests that require a disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) .
Staples regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy .
Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Staples ' treatment of Personal Information to us through the Web site or by writing to us at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .
If we receive a written complaint , it is Staples ' policy to contact the customer regarding his or her concerns .
We will investigate complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any dispute quickly .
What to Do if You Believe Someone Has Improperly Used Your Personal Data
If you believe that someone has improperly accessed or used your personally identifiable information supplied to Staples or has made purchases at Staples that you did not authorize , please contact us immediately .
Here are some additional things that you can do to protect yourself from identity theft if you think that your Personal Information has been compromised :
Review Your Account Statements .
Carefully review your bank , credit card and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid .
Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer .
Check Your Credit Report .
Check your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct .
Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly .
If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies , contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report .
Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file .
The fraud alert requests that creditors contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts .
You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three consumer reporting agencies listed below .
You need to contact only one of the three agencies ; the one you contact is required by law to contact the other two .
You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies , free of charge .
The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days .
Atlanta , GA 30374
Allen , TX 75013
Fullerton , CA 92834
Consult the Federal Trade Commission .
International Considerations and Safe Harbor
Staples complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Staples has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
For California Residents Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84
California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
The notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared , along with their names and addresses .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice .
Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date found at the top of this document .
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us anytime through this Web site or at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document .

You are here : HelpMembership Agreement
These conditions represent an Agreement between you and Stardoll .
The website and apps are called the Service in this Agreement .
The website is intended for the enjoyment of children aged 7-17 .
Many of the mobile applications are directed to teenagers , and some are directed to a general audience of all ages .
Because younger children are attracted to the Service , Stardoll takes steps described below to secure the safety of and protect the privacy of potential younger members .
Regardless of the user 's age , Stardoll requires that all users agree to these Membership Terms and , where a user can not in its own right enter into this Agreement , that their parent also read and accept these conditions since they constitute a legally binding Agreement .
For this reason , it is very important that you go through the conditions in this Agreement together with your parents so that you know what you can and can not do on the Stardoll Service .
Ask your parents to go through the conditions with you carefully and to help you register .
When you register , activate your account and accept this Agreement , you become a member .
This means that you accept the conditions below and that you confirm that your parents have also read and accepted the conditions , if you are under the age of being eligible to enter into this Agreement in your jurisdiction .
By becoming a member you , or a parent or guardian on your behalf , are promising and agreeing also to follow and accept the other rules which Stardoll publishes on its Service .
This Agreement also applies when you purchase products on Stardoll 's Service ; see below under Terms of Sale .
If you do n't accept this Agreement , you should not register as a member on Stardoll .
Stardoll reserves the right to make changes to these membership terms if Stardoll deems it necessary or if it is required by law .
In the case of material change , Stardoll will notify you of the change in advance of the change becoming effective .
If you do not want to accept the change , you may terminate your membership with immediate effect at any time before the change becomes effective .
By using the services available on Stardoll 's Service , such as Stardollars and virtual products ( virtual clothes and all other goods and services on Stardoll 's Service ) , or downloading a Stardoll app you accept the membership terms and agree to comply with them .
Stardoll solely decides on the content of the Stardoll Service , such as for example new games , products , including the rules of such games and products .
Stardoll further reserves its right to develop , delete , amend and otherwise make changes to the Service without any prior notice to you or other members .
Your membership , me-doll , virtual products and Star-dollars are part of a service provided to you on Stardoll 's Service and you only receive a right to use them according to these conditions and the terms on the Service from time to time .
Special information for PARENTS
Stardoll uses both technical filters and moderators who supervise what happens on Stardoll 's Service in order to offer a nice and safe environment .
The moderators also answer members ' reports of unpleasant and unsuitable behavior but we still urge all parents to be actively involved in following their children 's activity on the Internet .
Stardoll is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all of its members and handling any personal information we obtain from our members with care and respect .
The information and the terms in this Agreement that we conclude with our members fulfills the high standard of protection provided for in the European Union and in the United States .
For citizens in the US , the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act rules apply to children under the age of 13 .
From the terms on Personal Data and Privacy Policy below , you can see what information we collect from our members , what we do with it and the limited involvement of third parties .
If your child is of an age that requires parental consent in order to have full access to the website or mobile applications , the account might be automatically be flagged as a pending and limited membership account subject to parental consent to activate a full membership account .
The Notice to Parents e-mail that you receive from us contains a more detailed description of the types of activities offered .
Until such parental consent is obtained , your child will only have access to certain features of the Service .
S 111 37 Stockholm
or fax at one of the following numbers :
Fax number : USA ( +1 - 212 - 208 4566 )
Fax number : Great Britain ( +44 - 20 - 7990 9907 )
Fax number : Argentina ( +54 - 11 - 40321600 )
For the security of our members Stardoll retains the right to require the identification of parents .
We are not entitled to disclose other children's/members ' personal data to you as a parent .
Stardoll can only disclose personal data belonging to children other than your own if a legal and/or police obligation exists to do so .
Privo 's Privacy Assurance Program
As part of participating in the Privacy Assurance Program , Stardoll adheres to strict information collection , use and disclosure requirements .
PRIVO is an independent , third party organization committed to safeguarding children 's personal information collected online , and to helping parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet .
The seal displayed on this page indicates that Stardoll has established privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO 's oversight and consumer dispute resolution process .
PRIVO - Click to verify
Personal data and Privacy Policy ( including Kid 's Privacy Policy
In order to register and participate as a member of Stardoll , we might ask you to provide us with the following personal data :
- Your first name
- parent e-mail address
- your mobile phone number
- your user/display name
- the country where you live
By providing Stardoll with personal data as defined above , to the extent permitted by law , you give Stardoll permission to use the above personal data so that Stardoll can send out news , contests , offers and advertising to your e-mail address and/or mobile phone via sms , mms or similar messaging system , and you allow Stardoll to adjust the content and advertising on its Service to your or others ' age group and gender .
Examples of such communication are , for instance , promotional newsletter e-mails or mobile push notifications to notify you that new or improved services are available on or coming to Stardoll , that Stardoll is carrying out membership surveys in order to improve our services , or that Stardoll is creating targeted content and offers for you based on information about how you act on the Service , what your age is and where you are located geographically .
You may opt-out from the Stardoll e-mail program at any time , either by following unsubscribe links within received e-mails , or by adjusting your Stardoll email settings .
The same applies in those cases where Stardoll co-operates with another company to provide you with interesting offers .
Such companies do not have access to your personal data other than for assisting Stardoll with its mailings , banner marketing and the like which you have given Stardoll permission to by this agreement .
Such companies will not have the right to retain and use the data for any other purposes than the assignment for Stardoll .
Stardoll agrees not to sell or transfer your personal data , including e-mail addresses , to a third party who is not a strict service provider to Stardoll and bound by this policy .
It can happen that Stardoll comes to rely on other companies in order to carry out various tasks such as , for example , help with marketing , the performing of technical services for our Service , etc .
These companies can in certain cases gain access to personal data which they need in order to complete an assignment for Stardoll .
Stardoll treats all personal data with the greatest care and signs agreements with other companies which mean that they can only use your data in order to complete the assignment for Stardoll .
The same applies in those cases where Stardoll co-operates with another company to provide you with interesting offers .
Such companies do not have access to your personal data other than for assisting Stardoll with its mailings , banner marketing and the like which you have given Stardoll permission to by this Agreement .
Such companies will not have the right to retain and use the data for any other purposes than the assignment for Stardoll .
If all or essentially all resources of the Stardoll company , that is to say , the entire Service , are acquired by another company ( a so-called acquisition of assets and liabilities ) , the personal data required in order to continue to operate Stardoll are acquired by the buyer and that buyer will continue to be bound by this privacy policy .
Stardoll stores personal data gathered from members for such period as is prescribed by applicable law .
During this period personal data are only used to the extent permitted by these terms and by applicable law as well as for the security of members , that is , in order to prevent , investigate , uncover and prosecute potential crimes against one of our members .
Stardoll reserves the right to disclose your personal data as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our site .
Users of Stardoll 's general audience apps and those whose accounts contain information indicating to Stardoll that they are old enough , may log in using an existing account on a community service , for example by using Facebook Connect , whether on Facebook or on another community site that uses Facebook Connect ( each such site referred to as a `` Connect Service '' below ) .
Once you allow Stardoll to connect with a Connect Service , you will be able to use your Connect Service login information to log into Stardoll as a member , and you will be able to publish your activity on Stardoll to your Connect Service profile .
Additionally , by using a Connect Service , you permit Stardoll to access information related to you ( including your profile information , friends , and privacy settings ) from the Connect Service so you can use your information on Stardoll , and so that we can help improve your use of Stardoll and allow you to interact with your Connect Service friends on Stardoll .
All such Connect Service personal data will be handled in accordance with Stardoll 's general privacy policy as described in this Agreement and you agree that Stardoll can use the data as described above in this section of the Agreement .
In order to make the Connect Service possible , you agree to allow the Connect Service Provider , such as Facebook , to check your Facebook cookies when you are visiting the Stardoll Service , and allow Facebook to receive information concerning the actions you take on the Service .
The information shared with the Connect Service provider will be transmitted to and stored by the Connect Service Provider on servers that may be placed outside your country of residence .
In the event you want to limit the ways in which Stardoll interacts with your account with a Connect Service Provider , you can disable this feature by changing your application settings in the Connect Service..
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Stardoll through your Connect Service login , however , your activities on the Connect Service provider 's site , such as Facebook , are covered by their privacy policy and other terms of use .
Stardoll reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here at this URL , by means of a notice on our home page or as required by law .
If any changes are unacceptable to you , you shall stop using this Service .
Your continuing use of the Stardoll Service , can , to the extent permitted by law , be deemed as an acceptance of these terms , including changes .
Questions concerning personal data and revoking approval
If you , or your parent/guardian if you are not eligible to enter into this Agreement , want to know what information Stardoll has about you or have other questions about your personal data , you can contact us here.You can withdraw your permission for Stardoll to collect , use and share your personal information ( so-call personal data ) .
In that case click here and fill in the form .
This is because , in order to be able to offer the best possible member experience on Stardoll , we need to be able to store personal data about you and to be able to communicate with you as a member .
Therefore , if you do not allow us to process personal data about you , we have to cancel your membership if you do not wish to allow us to process your personal data .
See more under clause 10 below .
Cookies ( applies also to users as non-members
By using the Stardoll Service and/or accepting this Membership Agreement you give Stardoll the right to place a text file in the web browser on your computer or device , i e cookies , web beacons , clear gifs or similar technologies ( below Cookies ) .
Like most other online Services , Stardoll uses two different types of these Cookies to improve and customize your experience of the Service .
With persistent cookies we keep track of , for example , how many visitors we have to the Service and of which parts of the Service is most popular .
This type of information can be sent out by Stardoll in a revised ( that is to say , aggregated and non-personal ) version as statistics to members , collaborative partners , sponsors and others .
This means that we or our third party service providers and/or our partners , may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Service .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners to provide more relevant advertising .
For more information regarding third-party ad servers , see below `` Collection of Information by Third-Parties '' .
You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at our Service .
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites , Ad Servers and Sponsors
We , our third party service providers and/or partners may place cookies , web beacons , clear gifs or similar technologies ( below Cookies ) to help present advertisements on the Service , and to help measure and research the advertisements ' effectiveness .
Stardoll and its vendors/contractors follow this Privacy Policy as stated in these Membership terms , which for the avoidance of doubt apply also to non-members of the Stardoll Service .
The Stardoll Service can contain links to other Services , including those of sponsors and advertisers , who are not acting as vendors to Stardoll under Stardoll 's Privacy Policy , and whose information practices may be different from ours .
These third party services may conduct contests or sweepstakes that are promoted on the Stardoll Service .
Stardoll or our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our site and to conduct research about the advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy policy .
Visitors should consult those other third party services ' privacy notices , since those services are not covered by our Privacy Policy and may follow different procedures .
Limitations to the use of Information and Cookies ( applies also to non-members )
Stardoll 's collection and use of Cookies as defined in this clause is subject to applicable local law , this means for example that Stardoll shall limit the use of any third party services mentioned above to users under a certain age if/when required by law .
As a member you should follow Stardoll 's ONE-STOP rules ( rules of conduct ) as published from time to time on Stardoll 's Service .
Stardoll is entitled to inspect writings , pictures and other member-generated material and to remove material which in our sole opinion breach the ONE-STOP-rules .
Stardoll has the right to contact and hand out information posted on the Service to Police or similar authorities if we suspect that a crime has been committed , and please note that it does not require a legal offense to have your account terminated .
Writings and postings relating to serious problems related , but not limited to eating disorders , self harm , suicide etc are directed by Stardoll to sites and forums with grown up professionals especially trained to deal with this .
Stardoll will publish appropriate links to local sites handling these kinds of serious problems .
All community features on Stardoll , including but not limited to , Friends , Blog , Guestbook , Album , Parties , Suite Chats display a purple triangle with an exclamation sign button for reporting purposes .
All members are asked to read our guidelines regarding reports and reporting before reporting inappropriate behavior .
You can block/unblock another member from sending messages to you , for more information about how , please read more here .
Your Stardoll account is neither inheritable nor transferable .
If you allow another person to use your account you are responsible for all acts of this person in relation to Stardoll and to the terms of use .
You must not reveal or trade passwords or reference numbers , change email to scam email addresses , enter password on phishing sites or use proxies or in any other way treat your account , password and other personal belongings in a careless manner .
This may lead to loss of account and/or items and Stardollars .
Stardoll can not be held responsible for the contents of your account and will not refund lost items or Stardollars if your password , reference number , email etc has been used by a third party .
Stardoll will do its best to restore lost accounts , provided that you claim of such lost account is sent to Stardoll within 3 months after the loss .
Rules and responsibilities for member-generated material
You are responsible for whatever material you create yourself and publish ( upload ) on to Stardoll 's Services , for example , dolls , clothes , blogger texts , chat sessions and the like , sceneries and pictures .
Whoever violates Stardoll 's rules of conduct can be expelled as a member ; for more about this see below under item 10 .
Rights to member-generated material
You own the rights to the material which you have created yourself on Stardoll 's services , but in this agreement you give Stardoll the right , without special compensation , to publish the material for an unlimited time throughout the world and irrespective of the medium used , that is , whether on the Internet , on TV or through mobile distribution , etc .
This means that you give Stardoll the right to use , copy , present , reproduce , display , edit , integrate , license as well as distribute that material which you have created .
These rights of Stardoll apply to both commercial and noncommercial use .
Rights to Stardoll 's material
You may not use Stardoll 's dolls , clothes , information , data , names , pictures , logotypes or icons from Stardoll 's Services ( we call these Stardoll 's Material ) if it is not clear from the Services that this is permitted .
This means that you can not copy , distribute , disseminate , sell , publish , send or otherwise circulate Stardoll 's Material to another person without the written consent of Stardoll .
Nor may you change , revise or replace any of the Material found on the Service , either in its entirety or parts thereof .
Suspension and cancellation of membership
Stardoll has the right to cancel your membership and close your account if you violate this agreement or the regulations on Stardoll 's Services or if you have not used your account for four months or more .
We can also close your account if you fail to pay for the goods and services that you buy or if you shop without the permission of the person who is paying according to item 16 below .
When your membership is canceled , whatever time remains on your Superstar membership is forfeited and the Stardollars in your account disappear .
Stardoll has the right to save the personal data of a suspended member even after the account has been closed ; see item 3 above .
Subject to local mandatory law , this Agreement is regulated and interpreted according to the laws in Sweden and the courts in Stockholm will have exclusive jurisdiction , unless you live in UK , US or Germany in which case the local laws will apply and the jurisdiction shall be as follows ; in US the state and federal courts located in the state of California , in Germany the regional courts of Dusseldorf and in UK the courts of England and Wales .
If any part of this Agreement should be considered invalid , this will not affect the validity of the remaining sections of the Agreement .
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY and DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
Stardoll decides solely on the content of the Stardoll Services and reserves its right to develop , delete , amend and otherwise make changes to the Service without any prior notice to you or other members .
Potential errors on Stardoll 's Services are taken care of as soon as possible , but Stardoll does not guarantee that Stardoll 's Services always work .
Material published on Stardoll 's Services can refer to products , programs or services no longer available in certain countries .
You use the Stardoll Services at your own risk .
Stardoll does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of the Service .
All submissions by you or other members are solely the expressions of the sender and Stardoll can not be held responsible or liable for the content in such submissions .
All content on the Stardoll Services , including without limitation third party content , submissions and any information or material contained on the Services , are provided to you on an as is basis with no warranties of any kind .
Stardoll , neither by itself or its licensors , agencies or other representatives , makes no express , implied or statutory representations , warranties or guarantees in connection with the Stardoll Services , including without limitation the Stardoll content and third party content .
Stardoll does not provide any warranties against viruses , spyware or malware that may be installed on your computer .
Links to third party websites
Stardoll 's Service may contain links or references to other Services .
When you use these links , you are leaving our Service .
Stardoll has no control over information published on other third party Services and assumes no responsibility for information and other content on such other third party Services .
You assume the risk yourself when using other websites linked to this Service .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of other services you visit .
Stardoll will limit the use of such third party services as required by law when parental consent is needed .
Stardoll has the right to determine the prices and other terms of sale of the Service itself and to change them .
If certain products need to be shipped , then the shipping costs are not included in the price of the product , but all such costs are added to your bill and can be viewed when you complete your purchase .
We accept a variety of different methods of payment .
Examples of some of these are credit cards , mobile phones , telephones , gift cards , pre-paid cards and PayPal .
Locally available forms of payment are displayed at any given point on the payment page for your country .
For EU residents VAT is included in accordance with currently applicable tax legislation .
This will be displayed along with the price .
When you pay by mobile phone and telephony , VAT or sales tax are included according to local regulations .
The virtual products you buy become available to you as soon as possible .
Star dollars and virtual products ( virtual clothes and all other goods and services on Stardoll 's Service ) may not be exchanged unless Stardoll decides to allow for exchanges in particular cases .
Stardoll is entitled to make such decisions itself on a case-by-case basis .
All virtual products and Stardollars are part of the service provided to you on Stardoll 's Service and you only receive a right to use them according to the terms of the Service from time to time .
The virtual products and the Stardollars do not have any monetary value and may not be exchanged for money .
The availability of virtual products and the type and range of items available for purchase may be changed by Stardoll without notice .
Any virtual products purchased within a Superstar membership may be modified or become unavailable for use once your superstar membership expires .
Stardollars have an expiration date of 12 months after purchase and gift cards are valid for 6 months after purchase .
We want you to feel secure and safe when you shop on Stardoll .
You can give us your credit card information when you shop with us .
We use state-of-the-art security systems available on the market and your data are protected on our servers throughout the order process with the help of encryption and firewall technology .
On most web browsers a small lock is displayed on the menu bar ( task bar ) at the very bottom of the screen when you visit a secure site .
Look to see if this icon is present when you visit a website where you are invited to give out personal information .
We also use the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption in order to protect your personal data from use by unauthorized persons .
Approval by the person liable for payment
You must have gained permission from the recipient of the invoice , the cardholder or the primary account holder of the phone used before you purchase a Superstar membership or Stardollars .
If you make purchases without such approval , Stardoll is entitled to cancel your membership account .
We accept returns for products you have purchased that are not virtual products purchased on the Service and provided that these products along with the packaging is returned in its original condition within 14 days of the shipping date .
We send you a return form together with the products you buy which you must enclose together with the products that you are returning .
Cancellation of monthly payments
Fax number : USA ( +1 - 212 - 208 4566 )
Fax number : Great Britain ( +44 - 20 - 7990 9907 )
Fax number : Argentina ( +54 - 11 - 40321600 )
DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE ABOVE CONDITIONS !

December 2 , 2010
Share on facebookShare on twitter Share
Bureau of Public Affairs
This notice provides the Department of State 's ( the Department ) privacy policy regarding the nature , purpose , use , and sharing of any Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) collected via this website .
Our privacy policy explains our information practices when you provide PII to us , whether collected online or offline , or when you visit us online to browse , obtain information , or conduct a transaction .
PII may include : your name , email , mailing and/or home address , phone numbers , or other information that identifies you personally .
We do not require you to register or provide personal information to visit our website .
The PII you provide on a Department website will be used only for its intended purpose .
We will protect your information consistent with the principles of the Privacy Act of 1974 , the E-Government Act of 2002 , and the Federal Records Act .
As a general rule , the Department does not collect PII about you when you visit our website , unless you choose to provide such information to us .
Submitting PII through our website is voluntary .
By doing so , you are giving the Department your permission to use the information for the stated purpose .
However , not providing certain information may result in the Department 's inability to provide you with the service you desire .
If you choose to provide us with PII on a Department website , through such methods as completing a web form or sending us an email , we will use that information to help us provide you the information or service you have requested or to respond to your message .
The information we may receive from you varies based on what you do when visiting our site .
Generally , the information requested by the Department will be used to respond to your inquiry or to provide you with the service you request .
When this information is requested , the reasons for collecting it , a description of the Department 's intended use of the information , how to grant consent to use mandatorily provided information , and how to grant consent for other than statutorily mandated uses will be fully described in a separate customized Privacy Notice .
This customized Privacy Notice will either appear on the web page collecting the information or be accessible through a hyperlink ( link ) prominently displayed immediately above or below the information request .
Many of our programs and websites allow you to send us an email .
We will use the information you provide to respond to your inquiry .
We will only send you general information via email .
You should be reminded that email may not necessarily be secure against interception .
Therefore , we suggest that you do not send sensitive personal data ( such as your Social Security number ) to us via email .
If your intended email communication is very sensitive , or includes information such as your bank account , charge card , or Social Security number , you should instead send it by U.S. mail .
Another alternative may be submission of data through a secure web page , if available .
Electronic mail messages that meet the definition of records in the Federal Records Act ( 44 U.S.C . 3101 et seq . ) are covered under the same disposition schedule as all other Federal records .
This means that emails you send us will be preserved and maintained for varying periods of time if those emails meet the definition of Federal records .
Electronic messages that are not records are deleted when no longer needed .
Categories of information the Department collects on its websites are further described below .
We collect and temporarily store certain information about your visit for use in site management and security purposes only .
We collect and analyze this information because it helps us to better design our website to suit your needs .
We may also automatically collect information about the web content you view in the event of a known security or virus threat .
This information includes :
The Internet domain from which you access our website ( for example , xcompany.com if you use a private Internet access account , or yourschool.edu if you connect from an educational domain ) ;
The Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ( a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet ) from which you access our website ;
The type of browser ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Chrome ) used to access our site ;
The operating system ( e.g. , Windows , Mac OS , Unix ) used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The Universal Resource Locators ( URLs ) , or addresses , of the pages you visit ;
Your username , if it was used to log in to the website ; and
If you visited this website from another website , the URL of the forwarding site .
We may share the above information with our employees or representatives with a need-to-know in the performance of their official duties , other Federal agencies , or other named representatives as needed to quickly process your request or transaction .
This information is only used to help us make our site more useful for you .
Raw data logs are retained temporarily as required for security and site management purposes only .
More information about how we share information can be found in our Privacy Act Systems of Records Notices .
Third-Party Websites and Applications
The Department uses social media websites and other kinds of third-party websites .
The Department uses social media websites to interact with the foreign constituencies and engage in public diplomacy worldwide .
Social media websites are used to publicize embassy and Department events , and engage with members of the public in foreign countries .
The Department also uses web measurement and customization technologies to measure the number of visitors to our websites and their various sections and to help make our websites more useful to visitors .
In such cases , the third-party application may request an email address , username , password , and geographic location ( e.g. , State , region , or ZIP code ) for account registration purposes .
The Department of State does not use third-party websites to solicit and collect PII from individuals .
Any PII collected by the third-party website will not be transmitted or stored by the Department ; no PII will be disclosed , sold or transferred to any other entity outside the Department , unless required for law enforcement purposes or by statute .
The Department uses various types of online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors .
Primarily , state.gov uses the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) online survey on an ongoing basis to obtain feedback and data on visitors ' satisfaction with the state.gov website .
This survey does not collect PII .
Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors , it is optional .
If you decline the survey , you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the state.gov site as those who do take the survey .
The survey reports are available only to state.gov managers and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties .
The Department may use other limited-time surveys for specific purposes , which are explained at the time they are posted .
The Department retains the data from the ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the state.gov website .
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization ( Cookies
A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to your computer to allow it to remember specific information about your session while you are connected .
Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the website that provided it , and no other website can request it .
There are two types of cookies :
Session : Session cookies last only as long as your web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie is deleted .
Websites may use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through the site , or to allow you to customize your preferences for interacting with the site .
Persistent : Persistent cookies are saved on a user 's hard drive in order to determine which users are new to the site or are returning , and for repeat visitors , to block recurring invitations to take the ForeSee satisfaction survey .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine , you can turn cookies off in your browser .
You will still have access to all information and resources at Department websites .
However , turning off cookies may affect the functioning of some Department websites .
Be aware that disabling cookies in your browser will affect cookie usage at all other websites you visit as well .
The Department takes the security of all PII very seriously .
We take precautions to maintain the security , confidentiality , and integrity of the information we collect at this site .
Such measures include access controls designed to limit access to the information to the extent necessary to accomplish our mission .
We also employ various security technologies to protect the information stored on our systems .
We routinely test our security measures to ensure that they remain operational and effective .
We take the following steps to secure the information we collect :
Employ internal access controls to ensure that only personnel who have access to your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties .
Train appropriate personnel on our privacy and security policies and compliance requirements .
Secure the areas where we retain paper copies of the information we collect online .
Perform regular backups of the information we collect online to ensure against loss .
Use technical controls to secure the information we collect online including , but not limited to :
Secure Socket Layer ( SSL )
Periodically test our security procedures to ensure personnel and technical compliance .
Employ external access safeguards to identify and prevent unauthorized access by outsiders that attempt to hack into , or cause harm to , the information contained in our systems .
We hold our contractors and other third-party providers to the same high standards that we use to ensure the security , confidentiality , and integrity of personal information they may have access to in the course of their work completed on behalf of the Department .
Interaction With Children Online
The Department is committed to the protection of children 's online privacy .
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13 .
Verifiable consent from a child 's parent or guardian is required before collecting , using , or disclosing personal information from a child under age 13 .
If a Department website intends to collect information about children under 13 years old , COPPA-required information and instructions will be provided by the specific web page that collects information about the child .
The web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for , who will see it , and how long it will be kept .
Our website contains links to international agencies , private organizations , and some commercial entities .
These websites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy , security , or accessibility polices .
Once you link to another site , you are subject to the policies of that site .
All Federal websites , however , are subject to the same Federal policy , security , and accessibility mandates .
Privacy Policy Contact Information
We welcome feedback if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or the use of your information .
The Department 's privacy compliance materials are available at Privacy Impact Assessments ( PIA ) and Systems of Records Notices ( SORN ) .
Office of Information Programs and Services
Privacy Division - A/GIS/IPS/PRV
U.S. Department of State
Washington , DC 20522-8100

This site keeps all your personal information secret .
Your personal information is not shared with anyone else .
Pavlina LLC has created this privacy statement for StevePavlina.com in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy .
The following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site .
This site may log your IP address to help diagnose problems with the web server and to administer this web site .
This information is primarily used for general traffic tracking and security .
This site uses cookies to track information about its visitors .
This information includes the date/time of visits , pages viewed , and products ordered .
This site provides order forms for you to buy products .
When you place an order , this site collects contact information ( like your email address ) , and financial information ( like your credit card number ) .
Contact information from the order forms is used only to get in touch with you when necessary .
This includes sending you the product ( s ) you ordered and contacting you if there 's a problem with your order .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for the order .
This site allows visitors to sign up for a free newsletter by providing an email address .
The email address you provide is used only to send you the free newsletter , and you can unsubscribe by clicking a link in any issue of the newsletter .
This site contains links to other sites .
This site and its owner ( s ) are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites .
This site may make chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or newsgroups available to its visitors .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information , so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under its control .
This site provides a secure server for all credit card orders , securely encrypting all personal data with industry-standard methods .
This site does not store credit card numbers for processed orders .

Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
By accessing straightdope.com or using it in any manner , you are agreeing to the following :
straightdope.com is protected as a collective work or compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries .
All individual articles , content and other elements comprising this Service are also copyrighted-protected works .
Except for content you have posted on straightdope.com , or unless expressly permitted , you may not copy , reproduce , distribute , publish , enter into a database , display , perform , modify , create derivative works , transmit , or in any way exploit any part of straightdope.com , except that you may download material for your own personal use as follows : you may make one machine readable copy and/or one print copy that is limited to occasional articles of personal interest only .
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , you may not distribute any part of straightdope.com over any network , including a local area network , nor sell or offer it for sale .
In addition , these files may not be used to construct any kind of database .
As we expect you to respect our property , we respect others ' property as well .
We may provide links ( including inline links ) to other websites or offer co-branded promotions with our partners on portions of straightdope.com where readers typically use our content to help make purchasing decisions ( e.g. , book , music , movie , and restaurant reviews ) .
These links and co-branded offers are intended as a reader service and a convenient way to purchase those products or services .
Our business may receive a percentage of the sales proceeds from any purchases readers make by using certain of these features .
straightdope.com 's news/editorial department is not involved in placing any such links or determining any such offers , which will appear irrespective of what any of our editorial content may say about the product or service available for purchase .
straightdope.com is available `` as is . ''
We do not claim that straightdope.com will be uninterrupted or error-free .
There may be delays , omissions , interruptions and inaccuracies in the news , information or other materials available on straightdope.com .
We are not responsible in any way for third-party products or services that may be linked to straightdope.com or obtain by you from those third parties .
We disclaim any warranties , express or implied , including without limitation , those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose , with respect to straightdope.com and any information or goods available , advertised or sold straightdope.com .
We do not make any representations about , nor do we endorse the accuracy , completeness , timeliness or reliability of any content advice , opinion , statement or other material or database displayed , uploaded or distributed via straightdope.com that we do not create .
We do reserve the right , but assume no duty , to correct any errors or omissions to straightdope.com that we did not create .
Although we intend in our own self-interest to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses , worms , `` Trojan horses '' or other destructive materials straightdope.com , we do not guarantee or warrant that straightdope.com or materials that may be downloaded from straightdope.com do not contain such destructive features .
Accordingly , we are not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features and you rely on straightdope.com and any materials available through straightdope.com solely at your own risk .
straightdope.com is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of websites to which it may link .
straightdope.com , its parent and affiliates , and their directors , officers , managers , employees , shareholders , agents and licensors are not liable for incidental , indirect , consequential , special , punitive , or exemplary damages of any kind , including lost revenues or profits , loss of business or loss of data , in any way related to straightdope.com for any claim , loss or injury based on errors , omissions , interruptions or other inaccuracies on straightdope.com ( including without limitation as a result of breach of any warranty or other term of this agreement ) .
Any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid , if any , for use of straightdope.com .
straightdope.com collects aggregate information site-wide , including anonymous site statistics .
We also log domain names and/or IP addresses .
This information is used primarily to discover which features users are reading the most , what features they like best and what we can do to make things better .
We also may analyze the aggregated information and share that data with advertisers ( for example , we might track how many users see and click on a particular article or advertisement ) .
On certain pages for participation in our contests , games , subscription registrations , comment forums we may ask users for names , addresses , phone numbers , fax numbers , e-mail address , and demographic and/or personal information .
This information is only gathered with the users ' consent .
straightdope.com allows third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information .
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising , you can visit networkadvertising.org .
We will not share any user 's personal information with any other organization , nor will we publish such information , except that we may disclose personally identifiable information ( i ) in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or subpoena , ( ii ) in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take actions regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person , violations of our terms of use , or as otherwise required by law , or ( iii ) in the event we are acquired by or merged with another company .
Please note that if you put personal information online for example , by posting a comment that your information can be collected and used by third parties .
straightdope.com can not guarantee the security of information users post .
You disclose such information at your own risk .
Please understand that when posting on this site , you will be exposed to other user 's submissions from a variety of sources , and that straightdope.com is not responsible for the accuracy , usefulness , safety , or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions .
Users further understand and acknowledge that they may be exposed to user submissions that are inaccurate , offensive , indecent , or objectionable , and they agree to waive , and hereby do waive , any legal or equitable rights or remedies they have or may have against straightdope.com with respect thereto , and agree to indemnify and hold straightdope.com , its owners/operators , affiliates , and/or licensors , harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to their use of the site .
If you submit anything via straightdope.com or to straightdope.com and/or its owner ( s ) by any method ( such as email , file transfer protocol , etc . ) , you grant the owner ( s ) of straightdope.com a perpetual , nonexclusive , world-wide , royalty free , sub-licensable license to everything you submit , which includes without limitation the right for the owner ( s ) straightdope.com or any successor in interest or third party the owner ( s ) of straightdope.com designates , to use , copy , transmit , excerpt , publish , distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , create derivative works of , host , index , cache , tag , encode , modify and adapt ( including without limitation the right to adapt to streaming , downloading , broadcast , mobile , digital , thumbnail , scanning or other technologies ) in any form or media now known or hereinafter developed , anything submitted by you .
You acknowledge that any submissions you make may be edited , removed , modified , published , transmitted , and displayed by straightdope.com , its owner ( s ) , successors and/or assigns and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you .
You are solely responsible for the content of anything you submit to straightdope.com .
While straightdope.com does not and can not review every submission and is not responsible for the content we do not create , we reserve the right , but assume no duty , to delete content that is libelous , defamatory , invasive of privacy , in violation of copyright law , inappropriate or otherwise deemed unacceptable .
We also reserve the right to ban individuals who are repeat offenders posting such content .
This policy has been developed with the understanding that the Internet is rapidly changing and evolving .
Guidelines are subject to change .
The changes will be posted here and are applicable to all use subsequent to the change .
straightdope.com welcomes its users to register for a free account , subject to these terms of use/privacy agreement .
Save your favorite locations , hot spots , reviews , and stories .
Comment on event pages , articles and restaurant hot spots .
Click here to register for a free account .
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless CL Chicago , Inc. , its parent and affiliates , and their directors , officers , managers , employees , shareholders , agents , and licensors , from and against all losses , expenses , damages and costs , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , resulting from any violation of this agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account .
We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification here .
In such event , you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us .
We reserve the right to delete member profiles that are libelous , defamatory , invasive of privacy , in violation of copyright law , inappropriate or otherwise deemed unacceptable .
We also reserve the right to ban individuals who repeatedly create such profiles .
This terms of use/privacy agreement was made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with Florida law .
Any action subject to , arising out of or to enforce this agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in Tampa , Florida .

UPDATED EFFECTIVE March 21 , 2013
This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding StubHub , Inc. 's collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information .
It applies to the stubhub.com website and all related websites , applications , services , and tools ( Sites and Services ) where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them .
By using our Sites and Services , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the processing of your personal information as described here .
StubHub , Inc. is part of the eBay , Inc. corporate family .
More detailed information about our privacy practices and on how to contact us with any question is available at the eBay Privacy Center .
Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term `` personal information '' to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person .
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person .
The StubHub website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program .
If StubHub Customer Service can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process .
TRUSTe online privacy certification
eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies .
These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators .
They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored .
Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court .
More information about eBay Inc 's BCRs and its global privacy practices and principles is available at the eBay Privacy Center .
Information you give to us .
When you register and/or buy or sell tickets , we ask you for the following information :
Name and physical shipping , contact and payment addresses ;
Email address and telephone number ;
Credit or debit card or PayPal account information ( `` Payment Method '' ) ;
Login and password ; and/or
Social Security number or tax identification number , for certain sellers to whom we are required by law to provide a 1099-k .
Information we collect when you use our Site and Services .
We may collect information about the way you interact with our Site , Services , content and advertising .
This may include , but is not limited to , device ID , device type , machine ID , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from our Sites , IP address , ad data , and standard web log information , and any telephone number you provide us or from which you may call or otherwise contact us .
We may also obtain information from or about you in other ways .
For example , we may verify user information with a service provider or combine your information with additional information we collect from other third parties or sources , as authorized and permitted by law .
Also , we collect the information you send to us such as correspondence , customer satisfaction surveys or customer service communications , testimonials or User Content such as photos , blogs and writings .
How We Use Information
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , efficient and customized experience .
We may use the information we collect to :
provide the Services and customer support you request
resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems
prevent , detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement
customize , measure and improve our Site , Services and advertising
contact you tell you about our Services and those of our corporate family , service updates , targeted marketing and promotional offers based on your communication preferences
contact you to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications or tools , or for other purposes authorized by law
contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or SMS or other text messages ( if applicable ) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our User Agreement
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties ; and/or comply with applicable laws
Registration and sharing through third-party services
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties such as social media sites ( such as by way of example only , and not limitation , Facebook and Twitter ) .
The information we have access to varies by site and is controlled by your privacy settings on that site and your authorization .
By associating an account managed by a third party with your StubHub account and authorizing StubHub to have access to this information , you agree that StubHub may collect , store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
How we share information
We share information between our buyers and sellers that allow them to complete a ticket sale , like name , shipping address and other information that might be included on the ticket .
We may also disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements ( for example , in response to requests by federal , state or local authorities , including tax authorities , subpoenas , court orders or other legal process ) or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is legally required , enforce our policies , establish or exercise our legal rights or protect anyone 's rights , property or safety .
We may also share your personal information with :
Members of the eBay Inc.corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies , and to guide decisions about their products , services and communications .
Members of our corporate family will send you marketing communications based on this information but only if you 've requested their services .
Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as fraud detection , credit card processing , delivery services , ticket cancel and reissue , or bill collection ) .
Co-brand partners for certain sites , events or listings .
When we identify a co-brand partner for a site , event or listing , you agree that we may share contact information and transaction data ( excluding credit or debit card numbers ) with that partner .
Information shared with a co-brand partner is subject to their privacy policy .
We do not control the privacy policies of co-brand partners and we encourage you to review their privacy policies .
Marketing partners for certain sites , events or listings where you agree during checkout that you would like your information shared for their marketing purposes .
We may share your contact information and transaction data ( excluding credit or debit card numbers ) with the marketing partner identified in checkout .
Information shared with a marketing partner is subject to their privacy policy .
We do not control the privacy policies of marketing partners and we encourage you to review their privacy policies .
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) .
Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity or sell assets .
Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information .
If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice .
Cookies and web beacons
When you first use our Site and Services , StubHub may send a cookie to your computer that identifies you as a unique user .
We may use session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to store your preferences , identify you and maintain your signed-in status , and provide you with a more personal and interactive experience .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete persistent cookies by following your browser 's help instructions .
If you choose to disable cookies , some of our services may not work properly and you may not be able to buy and sell tickets .
We may also use web beacons which are typically small graphic objects or pixels that are embedded in a web page .
These web beacons allow us or our provider ( s ) to check that a user has viewed a web page .
For more information about how we or our providers use cookies and web beacons , see Cookies , Web Beacons , and Your Privacy .
Accessing and changing personal information
You can access and change your account information in My Account .
There , you can change your address , telephone number , email address , password , credit card information , Social Security Number or Taxpayer ID ( if applicable ) and privacy and communications preferences .
We may communicate with you at various times , with administrative emails or phone calls , about transactions and service announcements , customer service responses and promotional emails like special offers , newsletters and updates .
You can choose to stop receiving promotional emails at any time simply by changing your preferences , unsubscribing on the website , or using an email 's unsubscribe function .
You may not opt out of receiving administrative messages or customer service responses .
If you have agreed to receive marketing communications through check-out with our partners , you must change your communication preferences with them directly .
If you choose to use our referral services , we ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a copy of the email .
StubHub or our service providers store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States .
We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc . ) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure .
However , as you probably know , third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site .
Therefore , although we work very hard to protect your privacy , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations .
In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law .
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you .
If you disclose your information to others , whether they are buyers or sellers on our Site or other sites throughout the internet ( including the ones we link to ) , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them .
StubHub does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable .
We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this site and notify you of material changes with an alert on the site or a communication to you .
Changes take effect 30 days after they are posted to the Site .
This policy was last updated effective March 21 , 2013 .
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy , please contact us at :
StubHub , Inc .
199 Fremont Street , Suite 300
San Francisco , CA 94105

StumbleUpon respects the privacy of its users .
This Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) informs you of StumbleUpon 's policies and practices regarding the collection and use of information you submit to us or which we collect about you through our Services and to inform you of options that you have to control or restrict the availability and use of your information .
We are StumbleUpon , Inc .
( StumbleUpon , us , we or our ) , a corporation registered under the laws of the state of Delaware in the United States with our principal office address at 301 Brannan Street , San Francisco , CA 94107 , USA .
ABOUT THE STUMBLEUPON SERVICES
A User may be a Member ( meaning a User that has registered and created an account with StumbleUpon or through one of StumbleUpon 's connected social networking communities ( Partner Communities ) and has a StumbleUpon Profile ) or a Visitor ( meaning a User simply browsing the website or viewing content from or affiliated with StumbleUpon ) , and may also include an advertiser or a developer that has created an account with StumbleUpon .
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy informs you of StumbleUpon 's policies and practices regarding the collection and use of information you submit to us or which we collect about you through our Services and to inform you of options that you have to control or restrict the availability and use of your information .
Wherever you reside or from whichever country you submit your information , you consent to our use of your information , consistent with this Privacy Policy , in the United States and in other territories where StumbleUpon provides its Services .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
StumbleUpon reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We will usually inform you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the StumbleUpon website .
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy , we will post a notification on the StumbleUpon website and , if you are a Member , notify you via email and/or by asking you to review the changes to the Privacy Policy the next time you login to access the Services .
Your continued use of the Services after the changes are communicated as set forth in this section will indicate your consent to our use of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy , including those changes .
SOME TERMS WE USE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Important terms that we use in this Privacy Policy are Personal Information , Non-Identifying Information and Log Data .
To explain what we mean by these terms :
Personal Information is information about you that can be used to contact or identify you , such as your full name , address , e-mail address or phone number .
Non-Identifying Information means information that does not permit the identification of an individual person , such as the other information that you provide as part of registration and personalization of your StumbleUpon Profile ( for example , individual preferences ) .
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers ( for example , combining your zip or postal code with your street address ) in a way that enables you to be identified .
But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying information ( for example , your viewing preferences ) .
Log Data is derived by our servers automatically as you interact with the Services , which record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website .
Log Data is a form of Non-Identifying Information .
WHY DOES STUMBLEUPON COLLECT INFORMATION
Our primary goals in collecting information are to improve our Services , features and content , to administer your use of our Services , and to deliver content that may be of interest to you .
WHAT INFORMATION DOES STUMBLEUPON COLLECT
When you create a StumbleUpon Profile or connect through our Partner Communities , we will collect your e-mail address , gender , date of birth and specific or general location .
When you personalize your StumbleUpon Profile , we will also collect any information you provide , such as your full name , your photo and any optional information you decide to supply about yourself , your lifestyle and your interests .
If you register for our Services via a Partner Community , we will obtain certain Personal Information you have provided to the Partner Community ( such as your name , profile picture , e-mail address ) .
The information we obtain may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Partner Community .
We also collect from you some Non-Identifying Information about your interests as you navigate through our Services .
For example , when you click on the rating buttons ( thumbs up , thumbs down ) , or recommend a website by clicking I like it ! in the StumbleUpon toolbar , you are explicitly sending information about your preferences for the website then displayed , which StumbleUpon will use to improve its recommendations to you and to others .
We may also receive Non-Identifying Information about you and your interests from other sources like third parties that add to their websites StumbleUpon widgets or StumbleUpon badges .
When you enter any information ( including Personal Information ) into any postings or comments , we may collect this information , which may be available to some , a subgroup of , or even all Users of the Services , depending on how and where this information was posted by you and with whom you have elected to share the posting or comment .
When you leave us feedback or write to us directly , we will collect any information that is contained in your feedback form , which will include your e-mail address and other information that you may submit to us for reference or reply .
As mentioned , when you interact with the Services our servers automatically record Log Data that your browser sends whenever you visit a website .
This Log Data may include information such as your computer 's IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , your mobile device identifier , the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet , browser type , operating system ( including identifying whether you are connecting via a mobile device ) , the time of day of your access , your general physical location or your more specific location if you are connecting through your mobile device , and the website that you visited immediately prior to StumbleUpon .
HOW DOES STUMBLEUPON USE INFORMATION
We use your Personal Information in some cases in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information to recommend and deliver to you personalized content from across the web , including from advertisers , based on your expressed preferences and inferred interests .
Log Data is used to monitor and analyze use of the Services , to determine the composition of and engage our user base , to analyze usage patterns , to optimize your access to our Services , and to control the load on our servers so that we can serve you better .
We also combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and Log Data and aggregate it with information collected from other Users to attempt to provide you with better recommendations , to improve the quality and performance of our Services and to analyze and understand how our Services are used .
We may use your e-mail address to inform you about changes to our Services , and , should you agree to receive such communications from us , send you newsletters or promotional e-mails about the Services .
HOW CAN YOU EDIT YOUR INFORMATION OR SETTINGS
As a Member you may choose to edit the Personal Information that is in your StumbleUpon Profile so that different or less information is available to the public .
For example , if you choose not to be searched for by other Members via your e-mail address , you may adjust your settings so that other Members will not be able to find you by your e-mail address .
Further , if you want to keep your declared interests or aspects of your StumbleUpon Profile private , you may turn on your privacy filter so other Users can not determine which websites you have rated , or which categories of websites you have viewed .
When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us , you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive .
We may , however , still send you administrative e-mails regarding the Services .
You may email us here with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
HOW CAN YOU CHANGE OR DELETE INFORMATION
All Members may review , update , or correct the Personal Information in their StumbleUpon Profile by logging into their account .
HOW DOES STUMBLEUPON USE COOKIES
What are cookies ? Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain websites .
They are used by web developers to help users navigate their websites efficiently and perform certain functions .
What kinds of cookies does StumbleUpon use ? We may use both session cookies ( which expire once you close your browser ) and persistent cookies ( which remain for a certain period of time unless deleted ) to provide Non-Identifying Information to us about Users .
We also collect Non-Identifying Information about your immediate web history and interests through StumbleUpon badges and widgets that appear on third party websites .
What does StumbleUpon use cookies for ? StumbleUpon will use Non-Identifying Information collected using cookies and tracking technology : ( i ) to deliver to Members websites or other content we think may be of interest to you ; ( ii ) to connect you with other Members with similar interests ; ( iii ) for analytics purposes , to monitor usage of our website , to reengage users , and improve user experience ; and ( iv ) to remember choices you make in order to improve user experience .
StumbleUpon does not share your browsing information with third party advertisers .
Your Options : Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set .
Instructions to remove persistent cookies can be found through your Internet browser .
You may also choose to opt out of tracking so that websites like StumbleUpon can not learn from your interactions and viewing history .
If you wish to opt out of tracking , you may follow the Do Not Track instructions here .
Be aware that if you choose to disable cookies or opt out of tracking some areas of the Services may not be optimized for your use , you may not be able to access any or all of the functionality of the Services and your experience using the Services will not be personalized to your interests .
WHEN DOES STUMBLEUPON SHARE INFORMATION , AND WITH WHOM
Sharing via the StumbleUpon Profile .
The information provided in your StumbleUpon Profile that you select to be publicly displayed via your privacy settings will be public information and any User will be able to view it .
This information may also be crawled by third party search engines so that Personal Information in your StumbleUpon Profile may be accessible through search engines in search results .
Also , when you enter any information ( including Personal Information ) , into postings or comments via the Services , this information , may be available to some , a subgroup of , or even all Users of the Services , depending on how and where this information was posted by you and with whom you have elected to share the posting or comment .
You may edit or delete information in your StumbleUpon Profile at any time so that it is no longer accessible to the public .
Invitations to Friends .
If you use the StumbleUpon Services to invite a friend to join StumbleUpon or if you share a website with a friend , your friend 's e-mail address will be stored .
StumbleUpon stores this information so that we may send these messages and to improve our social sharing programs .
Your friend may contact us here to request that we remove this information from our database .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling , marketing , and other purposes relating to our Services .
Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information .
We do not share Personal Information with advertisers .
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services , to provide the Services on our behalf , to perform site-related services ( e.g. , without limitation , maintenance services , database management , web analytics and improvement of the Services ' features ) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
If StumbleUpon or the assets of StumbleUpon are acquired by another company , we may transfer your information in connection with that acquisition or sale and the acquiring company will possess the information ( including your Personal Information ) collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations described in this Privacy Policy .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement .
We will access and disclose your Personal Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with relevant laws , to respond to valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order , to protect the property and rights of StumbleUpon or a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , illegal , unethical or legally actionable .
HOW LONG WILL STUMBLEUPON RETAIN INFORMATION
Unless there is a specific legal or regulatory requirement for us to keep information , we will retain it for no longer than is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed .
WHERE WILL INFORMATION BE COLLECTED AND STORED
StumbleUpon is located in the USA .
Accordingly , Personal Information we collect may be transferred to and stored in our servers or those of third parties that act on our behalf ( such as hosting providers ) in the USA or other countries outside of the European Economic Area .
By using the Services you agree to such collection , transfer and storage outside of the European Economic Area .
HOW SECURE IS THE INFORMATION
You should be aware that while we take reasonable measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information , we are not able to fully eliminate all security risks or potential breaches .
WHAT IS THE POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to create a StumbleUpon Profile or to use the Services .
We do not knowingly gather Personal Information about Users who are under the age of 13 .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent , he or she should contact us here .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information , we will delete such information from our files .
WHAT POLICIES APPLY TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES , SERVICES AND APPLICATIONS
Our provision within the Services of links or referrals to other websites , services or applications is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other websites , services or applications or their content .
Links to other websites may also be posted or referred by Members .
We have no control over , do not review , and can not be responsible for these outside websites or their content .
This Privacy Policy does not govern your visit to these other websites , and your access is entirely at your own risk .
These other websites , services and applications may set their own cookies on users , collect data , or solicit personal information .
You should refer to any privacy policies found on such websites , services and applications to understand how your information may be collected and used .
Effective Date : August 16 , 2012

Effective July 24 , 2012
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site .
Please note that Styleforum.net is a member of the community of websites hosted on the Huddler , Inc .
( `` Huddler '' ) platform .
As a result of Styleforum.net 's relationship with Huddler , the policies and procedures described in this Privacy Policy govern and apply equally to Huddler with respect to Huddler 's use and disclosure of personal information from users of the Site , whether Huddler collects such information itself or receives such information from Styleforum.net .
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time .
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site .
You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes .
As used in this policy , the terms `` using '' and `` processing '' information include using cookies on a computer , subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way , including , but not limited to collecting , storing , evaluating , modifying , deleting , using , combining , disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally .
Information Collection and Use
Personally Identifiable Information .
o When you register with us through the Site we will ask you for certain personally identifiable information .
This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
Personal Information includes , but is not limited to , your name , phone number , credit card or other billing information , email address and home and business postal addresses .
Personal Information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of the Site and Services .
o We use Personal Information for the following purposes : ( i ) to provide the Site and the Services and to administer your inquiries ; ( ii ) to enable users to easily use and navigate the Site and the Services ; ( iii ) to improve and optimize the Services ; ( iv ) to better understand users ' needs and interests , ( v ) to personalize your experience ; and ( vi ) to provide you with further information and offers from us that we believe you may find useful or interesting .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account .
o We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your Account profile ( e.g. , without limitation , zip code ( on its own ) and individual preferences or demographic information ) ( `` Non-Identifying Information '' ) .
We use your Personal Information ( in some cases , in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information ) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy only and particularly to provide the Services , complete your transactions , and administer your inquiries .
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers ( for example , combining your zip code with your street address ) in a way that enables you to be identified .
But the same items of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information ( for example , your demographic information ) .
We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Members or unregistered users for internal purposes only to attempt to provide you with a better experience , to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used .
o We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Styleforum.net newsletters , marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you .
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us , please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or select the appropriate option via your Account .
When you visit the Site , whether as a Member or as an unregistered user just browsing , our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( `` Log Data '' ) .
This Log Data may include information such as your computer 's Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address , browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site , pages of our Site that you visit , the time spent on those pages , information you search for on our Site , access times and dates , and other statistics .
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Services and for the Site 's technical administration , to increase our Site 's functionality and user-friendliness , and to better tailor it to our visitors ' needs .
For example , some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again , it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests .
We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests .
We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information , though we may aggregate , analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information .
Like many websites , we use `` cookies '' to collect information .
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer 's hard disk for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies for two purposes .
First , we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site .
Second , we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site , to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Members and unregistered users and web traffic routing on the Site .
Unlike persistent cookies , session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Services and then close your browser .
Third-party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser .
You can instruct your browser , by changing its options , to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit .
If you do not accept cookies , however , you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services .
Emailing Via Styleforum.net Account
As part of the Services , Members may communicate with other Members and with unregistered users through use of their Accounts .
For Members who have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form , the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Styleforum.net to those email addresses on their behalf .
These email addresses will be stored in the address book the Member creates and will be used only for the purpose of sending the email communication to the addressee .
Identity theft and the practice currently known as `` phishing '' are of great concern to Styleforum.net .
Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority .
We do not and will not , at any time , request your credit card information , your account ID , login password , or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication .
For more information about phishing , visit the Federal Trade Commission 's website .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site according to the preferences you set in your account .
Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Members and unregistered Site users to know about you .
We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages .
You can review and revise your profile information at any time .
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information .
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis , demographic profiling and other purposes .
Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information .
We may employ third-party companies ( such as Huddler ) and individuals to facilitate and provide the Site and Services , including , without limitation , maintenance services , database management , web analytics and improvement of the features of the Site and Services , analyzing how the Site and Services are used .
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose .
We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you .
You can , at any time , opt out of receiving such information .
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement .
Styleforum.net cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law .
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion , believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process ( including but not limited to subpoenas ) , to protect the property and rights of Styleforum.net or a third party , to protect the safety of the public or any person , or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be , or to pose a risk of being , any illegal , unethical or legally actionable activity .
Styleforum.net may sell , transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets , including your Personal Information , in connection with a merger , acquisition , reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy .
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All Members may review , update , correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us .
If you completely delete all such information , then your account may become deactivated .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request .
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
Styleforum.net is very concerned with safeguarding your information .
We employ reasonable physical , technological , and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances .
No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security , confidentiality , or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored `` personal data '' ( as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification ) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay , insofar as consistent with ( i ) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or ( ii ) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system .
Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction .
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us , Styleforum.net transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there .
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer .
Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to other websites .
If you choose to visit an advertiser by `` clicking on '' a banner ad or other type of advertisement , or click on another third-party link , you will be directed to that third party 's website .
The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement , authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party , nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices .
We do not exercise control over third-party websites .
These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit .
Our Policy Toward Children
This Site is not directed to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .

Privacy Policy of Sulekha.com
Personal Information Collected by Sulekha
Use of Information by Sulekha
Accessing and Changing Your Account Information
Policy on Abuse on Sulekha.com
Privacy issues are a high priority for us at Sulekha and we follow standard industry practices to maintain your personal information .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Sulekha does not spam or sell/lease its user information to third parties .
Back to top back to top
This Privacy Policy covers Sulekha 's treatment of personally identifiable information that Sulekha collects when you are on the Sulekha site , and when you use Sulekha 's services .
This policy also covers Sulekha 's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Sulekha 's business partners share with Sulekha .
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Sulekha does not own or control , or to people that Sulekha does not employ or manage .
Back to top back to top
Personal Information Collected by Sulekha
ONLINE REGISTRATION : In order to become a Sulekha member , you must first create a member account on Sulekha by providing information about yourself including but not limited to name , email address , country , ZIP/postal code , birth date , a brief summary of yourself and a password .
Sulekha checks for the validity of the email addresses .
OPTIONAL PROFILE INFORMATION : Once your provide the basic information to create an account , you will have the opportunity to provide additional information in the Profile section describing your skills , interests , professional and academic background and favorites .
Provision of this additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional ; it allows you to better identify yourself and create superior networking opportunities with other through shared contexts .
but enables you to better identify yourself and find new opportunities on Sulekha .
Your Profile information can only be viewed by other Sulekha visitors or registered members or members of your personal network only depending on the option you choose .
FORMING YOUR OWN PERSONAL NETWORK : You can invite others to connect with you directly in Sulekha by entering their names and email addresses .
This information will be used by Sulekha to send your invitation along with a message that you write .
The names and email addresses of people that you invite will be used only to send your invitation and reminders .
You will also have the option to upload your contact information either manually or via a computer upload directly from your Hotmail , Yahoo or Outlook section into your own private address book on Sulekha .
All information entered there will only be viewable by you and will not be searchable by others in the Sulekha network without your permission .
All information that you enter or upload about your contacts will be covered by the same terms of this privacy policy as cover your own personally identifiable information .
RECOGNIZING YOU AS A SULEKHA MEMBER : For Sulekha to recognize you as a registered member , you must login with your login email and password .
At the time of login , you will have the option to instruct the site to remember you so when you come back the next time to use Sulekha , you would not have to login with your email and password .
As is common in the industry , Sulekha uses the technology of cookies and site log files to monitor user registration , to recognize registered members when they revisit the site and to track site usage .
Our ability to identify you as a registered member allows us to customize the Sulekha experience and to protect your personal information based on your account settings .
INTERNET COMMUNICATION PROTOCOL INFORMATION : The communication standards of the Internet industry transmit the URL of the site from which you visit Sulekha , the IP address of your computer , the IP address of your ISP , various attributes of your computer such as operating system , resolution and browser software , and the date and time of your various requests for pages on Sulekha .
Sulekha file logging system automatically logs all of this information in its log files for its analysis .
NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS : Visitors to Sulekha may also sign up with their name and email address for a variety of newsletters that Sulekha produces with varying frequency ( e.g. , News headlines ) without having to register .
Sulekha confirms the subscription by sending an email to the email address specified before sending the newsletter .
Back to top back to top
Use of Information by Sulekha
Sulekha is an online website that offers a variety of services designed to connect people from around the world .
The information , whether personal information of any form of self-expression is used to help you describe yourself to other users .
Sulekha also collects additional information in order to operate and improve our service .
Sulekha US LLC , is the sole owner of the information collected on the Sulekha site .
PROFILE SHARING CUSTOMIZATION : Whether you register on Sulekha , what parts of your profile you fill , who you add to your network and what visibility levels you want to set for your profile are entirely up to you in the form of settings you can make on your profile .
You also have the ability to change these at any point in time .
Sulekha will show the information to enable personal networking only based on your preference .
VISIBILITY OF NETWORK LINKAGES : Where applicable , the path of members that connect you with another member of your network will be displayed to that member .
This network path will not be shown to those who are not members of your personal network .
VISIBILITY OF PUBLIC CREATIVE CONTRIBUTIONS : In addition to being a social and professional networking site , Sulekha also provides a variety of forums for its members to express themselves in the form of articles , columns , opinions , comments , reviews , art and photographs .
Since this expression is linked to the member 's identity and the expression is in the public domain , the compilation of a member 's creative contributions to Sulekha will be visible to all visitors of Sulekha whether or not they are registered members of Sulekha .
VISIBILITY OF PRIVATE MESSAGES WITHIN NETWORK : You will be able to create and share messages within your personal network .
The visibility of these private notes will be restricted to your network unless you or one of the members in your network choose to forward it to others within or outside Sulekha .
SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES : Sulekha takes your privacy very seriously .
Sulekha will never sell , rent , or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties unless it is to carry out your instructions and to provide specific services .
As an example , we send your information to a credit card processing company to process a payment you have made for the use of a Sulekha service .
These third parties are bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information .
In addition , Sulekha may share your information to send direct mailers or complimentary coupons/offers to a mailing agency to process postal mailing .
Again , such an agency would be bound by strict confidentiality agreements that limit their use of such information .
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS : Sulekha generally communicates with you as a registered member of Sulekha through the primary email that you have specified at the time of registration .
This is also used as the login text string in conjunction with the password to authenticate you on the Sulekha site .
Your email and password are never shared with anybody within or outside Sulekha .
Sulekha uses this email address to send you three types of communications :
Sending you emails related to the proper functioning of your account ( e.g . when you receive a response to a classified you have posted on Sulekha or when you receive an invitation to join the personal network of another person )
Sending you newsletters that you have subscribed to
Sending you occasional announcements about changes in Sulekha 's policies or promotions introduction of new services
Please note that these email communications may contain commercial messages of advertisers ; however , Sulekha does not provide your personal information or emails to any of the advertisers ; we just include the advertising banners they provide us in the emails that we send .
As always you can opt out of the newsletters or promotional announcements .
PARTNERING WITH OTHERS : Sulekha may partner with other online services to offer a combined service .
Whenever we offer such combined services , Sulekha will make it clear who the partner is and it will be entirely up to you to use or not to use the service .
Where any personal information is passed along to the partner you will be informed prior to that sharing .
PROVISION OF AGGREGATE DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES : Sulekha reserves the right to provide aggregate demographic information of its member base to advertisers and others so as to attract pertinent advertisers to advertise on Sulekha .
We do not shared personal information of individual users with advertisers .
COMMUNICATIONS TO OTHERS FROM YOU THROUGH SULEKHA : You will be able to send emails to others -- members and non-members -- through the Sulekha system .
For example , you may send a comment on an article written by another member .
Or you may send an email invitation to a non-member to join your personal network .
In these instances , these emails will list your name and email address in the header of the message .
The recipients of these emails initiated by you will get to know your name and email address .
Sulekha is not responsible for how these recipients use this information .
Your contact information will only be shared with another member only if both of you indicated you would like to establish contact with each other .
COMMUNICATIONS FROM OTHERS TO YOU THROUGH SULEKHA : Only registered members of Sulekha are allowed to communicate with you through Sulekha through a form on Sulekha .
Unless and until you respond to this email , they will not get to know your email address .
You may , however , choose an account setting that prevents any other member from contacting you or inviting you to join their personal network .
DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY LAW : It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law .
We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order , ongoing judicial proceeding , or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
Back to top back to top
Accessing and Changing Your Account Information
You can review the personal information you provided us and make any desired changes to the information , or to the settings for your Sulekha account , at any time by logging in to your account on the Sulekha website and editing the information on your Profile page .
You can also close your account through the Sulekha website by sending your request to member relations with your login email address .
You request will be processed within 7 business days
Back to top back to top
Policy on Abuse on Sulekha.com
Sulekha.com is committed to ensuring and enforcing a safe and friendly online community space for all our members .
To this effect , we have come up with a Policy on Abuse that we would like all our members to be aware of .
These rules govern the use of the Sulekha.com website and its product/service offerings and we would like all our members to cooperate in complying with these rules so that everyone can have a pleasant experience .
Conduct and use of language :
Member contributions must be civil and tasteful and must not be malicious or designed to offend .
Use of swear-words or profanity is strictly prohibited .
Do not refer to the personality of other participants or attack an individual 's character or personally insult another member .
Do not use the Network to harass , threaten or verbally abuse or intimidate anyone , or behave in any manner that would cause annoyance or distress to other members .
Members of Sulekha.com may not insult or defame the site , including any of its employees , moderators or freelancers .
You may not post the contents ( in part or whole ) of any email that you may receive from any Sulekha.com employee ( s ) and/or moderator .
Do not to post any material that is obscene , defamatory , profane , libelous , threatening , harassing , abusive , hateful or embarrassing towards other person ( s ) or an entity .
We encourage a healthy exchange of opinions and disagreements .
By all means challenge an opinion but please do it respectfully .
Name-calling , insults and use of foul or abusive language will not be tolerated .
This includes the use of offensive member Display Names and URLs ( your personal website address on Sulekha.com ) .
Please be sure before you divulge the details of your identity or personal information in your post ( s ) , including photos of yourself or your family and friends .
Anything posted online is accessible to the entire internet community and Sulekha.com is not liable in cases where such information is misused .
Please be aware of the general dangers of online information sharing like identity theft , phishing and other fraudulent activites .
Members of Sulekha.com are not permitted to collect or distribute personal data concerning other members at any time .
Do not post messages more than once .
This is also known as flooding .
Sulekha.com reserves right to delete such posts and may terminate the accounts of such members .
A member of Sulekha.com must not impersonate another member .
Advertising and Spamming :
Commercial messages or promotional messages from businesses or organizations are not permitted on the Network .
Sulekha.com provides a platform for its members to express themselves in the form of articles , columns , opinions , comments , reviews , art and photos but the website must not be used as a medium for marketing or selling to our members .
No advertising or promotion is allowed except where it is for an event , publication or similar item that has direct relevance to the subject of discussion and is non-commercial in nature .
Please bear in mind that the space on the Network is for creative contributions by members and not for personal advertising or promotion ( s ) .
Information about locating and sharing knowledge and expertise is welcomed , but must have relevance to the topic on which an opinion is expressed or a discussion is initiated .
Do not post chain letters , promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses .
Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group , whether personal or otherwise .
If you have a suggestion for a new forum , please contact us or send your queries to member relations .
Sulekha.com encourages healthy discussion on the topics that members contribute to in forums and where relevant , members are allowed to post links to their content .
However , overt promotion of , or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed .
If you are unsure whether a link or a posting is allowed , please send your queries to member relations .
The definition of an appropriate link is one that is relevant to both the posting and the forum topic .
A commercial site is considered as one which promotes a product or service for a price or for other consideration that suggests it is a for-profit business .
Copyrighted Material : Uploading copies of copyrighted material as a whole or in part on Sulekha.com without explicit permission from the copyright owner shall be deemed to infringe on the copyright and this applies to materials such as text , images , music , movies , games , and other software in digital and analog format .
Sulekha.com reserves the right to immediately delete such material without prior permission/consultation from the member .
If you suspect that an image submitted to Sulekha.com is copyright protected and has been used fraudulently , please contact us immediately or send us an email to : member relations .
Safety Guidelines : Sulekha.com is always reaching out to a wider audience by showcasing the best of our member contributions .
However , in doing so , we will not allow to be uploaded anything on the site that we think could be potentially endangering or is inflammatory or embarrassing to our members .
It also helps members to be aware of certain things in the interest of their safety .
All members are responsible for the safety of their personal information .
We recommend that members do not disclose their names , addresses , email addresses , telephone numbers or other personal information online .
All members need to be aware that when they upload their photos to the site , the photos are not only visible to the entire internet community but can also be downloaded , since any image that can be displayed on a computer screen can be saved by the person viewing it .
It is technically not possible to prevent this and hence Sulekha.com can not be held liable in such cases .
If you are worried about someone else viewing or saving your images then please do not submit them .
Do not post chain letters , promote pyramid schemes or recruit members for any network marketing or multilevel marketing businesses .
Do not recruit members to join another website forum or chat group , whether personal or otherwise .
If you have a suggestion for a new forum , please contact us or send your queries to member relations .
Sulekha.com encourages healthy discussion on the topics that members contribute to in forums and where relevant , members are allowed to post links to their content .
However , overt promotion of , or inappropriate links to other known commercial websites on any forum are not permitted and will be removed .
If you are unsure whether a link or a posting is allowed , please send your queries to member relations .
The definition of an appropriate link is one that is relevant to both the posting and the forum topic .
A commercial site is considered as one which promotes a product or service for a price or for other consideration that suggests it is a for-profit business .
All members are reminded that they may be held legally accountable for what they say or do online .
In particular , members may be held liable for any defamatory comments , threats and/or untrue statements or other illegal and fraudulent claims made by them .
Sulekha.com does not endorse the opinions expressed by its members .
If any member fails to observe the above rules of conduct at any time , Sulekha.com reserves the right to terminate the membership of the member and/or delete all their contributions ( either temporarily or permanently ) from the site , depending on the nature and severity of the breach and without prior warning or consent of the member .
Registration as a Sulekha.com member at any time past or present and use of the Sulekha.com website and all its product/service offerings will be taken as acceptance of the above rules of conduct .
Sulekha.com 's decision on all matters is final and binding on its members .
Legal jurisdiction for all disputes is the High Court of Chennai , India .
Sulekha.com endeavours to foster a vibrant online community of Indians worldwide by providing a platform with global reach to express themselves and connect with other people , thus forming mutually beneficial relationships .
We are here to serve our members 24x7 and use all feedback to refine and improve the online experience for our members .
You can reach TEAM SULEKHA anytime by writing to member relations and we will respond to you in a timely manner .
We hope you have an enjoyable and rewarding experience on the Sulekha.com Network .

Privacy Policy - Straight talk about Internet privacy
SuperMedia LLC ( `` SuperMedia '' ) respects your right to privacy , and we want you to be aware of how we collect and handle information on each website and mobile application covered by this policy .
It does not apply to the offline activities of SuperMedia LLC or any of its affiliates .
Privacy Policy Effective Date / Updates
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 23 , 2011.Our business changes constantly .
Our Privacy Policy will change also , and information collected through This Website is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected ( unless you consent otherwise as to information related to you ) .
You are advised to check this web page ( or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of This Website ) frequently to see recent changes .
SuperMedia will notify users of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the version of the Privacy Policy containing such changes on this web page ( or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of This Website ) .
What information does This Website gather
When you visit This Website , SuperMedia may collect the following types of information :
Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide
Information SuperMedia Collects Automatically
Non-Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide
Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide .
SuperMedia collects personally identifiable information that you knowingly provide to us .
For example , SuperMedia may ask you to provide personally identifiable contact information ( such as name , address , e-mail address and telephone number ) .
If you purchase a product or service , SuperMedia may ask you to provide additional information such as your credit card information .
If you register for the SuperGuarantee Program , SuperMedia will ask you to provide additional information about any service appointment you register and may track your searches and any registrations , claims and ratings/reviews you file on This Website .
If you file a claim under the SuperGuarantee Program or apply for the Superpages LocalServe Program , SuperMedia may ask you to provide additional information such as your Social Security number .
If you request information relating to the sale or purchase of a vehicle on This Website , we may ask you to provide personally identifiable contact information and information relating to the vehicle .
Finally , in some cases ( for example , if you register with us or sign-in on This Website or purchase a product or service ) SuperMedia may also ask you to provide other information such as a personal ID , password , security question and answer , and birthday .
If you choose to use an available referral service on This Website ( e.g. , to send a postcard , listing , page link , contest invitation , etc . ) , we will ask for certain personal information from the recipient ( e.g. , the recipient 's name , e-mail address , mobile telephone number ) and your name and e-mail address .
SuperMedia uses the personally identifiable referral information you provide to facilitate this communication on a one-time basis , and may also store and use such personally identifiable information for analysis purposes ( e.g. , tracking the success of the referral feature ) .
You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of all personally identifiable information that you knowingly provide .
Information Automatically Collected .
These Tracking Methods provide information such as the user 's IP address , the user 's domain name , the user 's browser type , the user 's user agent , how many users visit This Website , which pages the user visits and for how long , the date and time the user accesses This Website , the Internet address of the site from which the user directly linked to This Website and the links on This Website on which the user clicks .
In addition , SuperMedia may collect certain search parameters relating to searches conducted by the user which are not entered by the user .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide .
In some cases , we may also collect non-personally identifiable information that you provide , such as search parameters in connection with a search you conduct through This Website , ratings and reviews , and zip code .
To improve the services we can offer you , we may decide to expand This Website 's capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future .
We will update this Privacy Policy as our practices change to ensure that you are aware of developments in this area .
How does SuperMedia use information collected on This Website
When users supply personally identifiable information about themselves for a specific purpose ( for example , to register to use a feature on This Website , to purchase a product or service , to obtain a free listing , to register for a program or to use a feature of a program , to receive information , or to apply for a job ) , we may use such information for such purpose .
Similar to Information Collected in Traditional Non-Electronic Manner .
We also may use personally identifiable information users provide as we would use the same information obtained in a traditional non-electronic manner .
For example , we may use such personally identifiable information to assess your credit rating , to publish your name , address , and phone number in our directories ( unless you have requested a non-published number ) , to contact you in connection with a program you are participating in , user reviews and/or to evaluate your service needs , and to contact you regarding additional services you may find useful .
When users provide personally identifiable information in connection with a feature on This Website , we may also use such personally identifiable information in connection with the operation of such feature .
( For example , if you register to use the personalized directory service , we may use the personally identifiable information you provide to provide you with a more personalized and useful service , and if you create a review of a business on This Website , we may publish your initials , city and state in connection with such review . )
When users provide personally identifiable information in connection with a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion that we may run on This Website , we may use such information to administer such contest , sweepstakes or promotion and to notify winners .
Communicate with You .
We may also use personally identifiable information you provide or that is automatically collected to communicate with you ( e.g. , to send you e-mails ) and to otherwise serve you .
For example , we may use your name and e-mail address to send you e-mails to ( a ) provide information regarding our company , marketing information about our products and services or the products and services of other companies , and newsletters , ( b ) conduct online surveys , ( c ) confirm your registration on This Website , a service registration , or orders placed online and ( d ) otherwise communicate with you .
However , you may request not to receive ( i.e. , `` opt-out '' of receiving ) commercial e-mail messages ( the primary purpose of which is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service ) from us ( on a category-by-category basis ) , by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page .
If you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories , you may cancel your request to opt-out of ( i.e. , consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to ) such categories ( on a category-by-category basis ) by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page .
Please note that we reserve the right to send certain types of e-mail messages that are not subject to opt-out ( see information about e-mails , below ) to online users , including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages .
Your personally identifiable information may also be used by non-SuperMedia Family companies , with which we have agreements , to provide you information about their products and services .
Protect SuperMedia 's Property or Other Rights.In addition , SuperMedia may use personally identifiable information you provide and information SuperMedia automatically collects through this website ( and may combine personally identifiable information you provide with information SuperMedia automatically collects through This Website and non-personally identifiable information you knowingly provide ) as it deems appropriate to protect its property or other rights ( for example , to enforce any policies or contractual provisions regarding use of the `` ratings and reviews '' feature or the `` send a listing '' feature ) .
Improve Website and Targeted Advertising .
We use information SuperMedia automatically collects through This Website to improve This Website , to monitor its performance , to make This Website easier for you and other users to use , to manage features and programs made available through This Website and to provide behavioral tracking data to non-SuperMedia Family companies , with which we have agreements , for the purpose of presenting you with , among other things , targeted advertising on third party websites .
For example , SuperMedia may use information SuperMedia automatically collects in the ways described in the section entitled `` What is a cookie and why does SuperMedia use them ? `` , below .
Can I review and request changes to personally identifiable information that I provide through registration forms on This Website
Create and Update Profile .
If you use an available capability on This Website to register with us and create a profile , at any time after you register and create a profile , you may review and request changes to any personally identifiable information you provided through the registration form , by viewing and updating your profile within the application .
Opt-Out of Receiving Commercial E-Mail Messages .
In addition , ( i ) you may request not to receive ( i.e. , `` opt-out '' of receiving ) commercial e-mail messages from us ( on a category-by category basis ) , by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page , and ( ii ) if you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories , you may cancel your request to opt-out of ( i.e. , consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to ) such categories ( on a category-by-category basis ) by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page .
Please note that we reserve the right to send certain types of e-mail messages that are not subject to opt-out ( see information about e-mails , below ) to online users , including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages .
Do you sell or provide my information collected through This Website to companies outside of the `` SuperMedia Family
Information Provided by You .
Except as otherwise disclosed in this policy , we do not sell or disclose personally identifiable information you provide to us through This Website to anyone outside of the `` SuperMedia Family '' unless ( i ) you specifically authorize it , ( ii ) it is to complete a transaction , service or activity that you initiated or requested , ( iii ) it is to provide a service on behalf of SuperMedia ( for example , SuperMedia may contract with an entity outside of the `` SuperMedia Family '' to send e-mail messages on behalf of SuperMedia ) , in which case such non- `` SuperMedia Family '' entities are not permitted to use such information for any purpose other than to provide such service , ( iv ) it is to assess your credit ranking or report your failure to fulfill your payment obligations in connection with the purchase of ( or application to purchase ) products or services through This Website , ( v ) it is required by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law , ( vi ) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served , ( vii ) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers , employees or property , or ( viii ) SuperMedia transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity ( in which case SuperMedia may disclose , sell and/or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to such entity ) .
If you provide personally identifiable information to us in the context of an event SuperMedia sponsors on This Website with another company , such as a contest , or if you register on a co-sponsored section or feature of This Website , you may also be providing such personally identifiable information to the co-sponsor .
When you provide your personally identifiable information to any third party , SuperMedia is not responsible for any third party 's use of such personally identifiable information .
Information Automatically Collected .
SuperMedia may share information it automatically collects through This Website with non- '' SuperMedia Family '' companies in order to assess the results of a promotion , event or third party relationship , to provide information to current or prospective customers , to complete a transaction , service , search or other activity that the user initiated or requested , to non-SuperMedia Family companies , with which we have agreements , to , among other things , facilitate targeted advertising on third party websites , or to otherwise enhance your online experience .
For example , we may provide information SuperMedia automatically collects :
When you link to another site from This Website .
When you request certain information that SuperMedia obtains from a third party .
When we host co-branded versions of This Website ( or portions of This Website ) .
Our co-branded websites may also contain clear .gif files ( electronic images that allow This Website to automatically collect information about your visit to the website ) .
When we use third party tracking services to help us analyze automatically collected information in the aggregate to evaluate the effectiveness of This Website , the third parties performing such tracking services are not permitted to use the information for any other purpose .
We may also disclose information SuperMedia automatically collects to non- '' SuperMedia Family '' companies or entities if ( a ) it is required by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law , ( b ) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served , ( c ) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers , employees or property , or ( d ) SuperMedia transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity ( in which case SuperMedia may disclose , sell and/or otherwise provide information SuperMedia automatically collects to such entity ) .
Please note that SuperMedia may support features and content appearing on other companies ' sites that you may visit .
These companies may collect information about you , but SuperMedia does not have control over the privacy practices of these companies .
If you are visiting a site that indicates that it is `` powered by superpages.com '' , or if you link to another site from This Website , you are advised to read the privacy policy of that site for its policies regarding information collection and usage .
How long do you retain my information collected through This Website
Information that you provide to us on This Website will be retained in accordance with SuperMedia 's Records Management and Retention Policy and applicable laws .
Do you accommodate links to other sites
This Website contains links to other sites .
These other sites may , among other things , allow you to bid on and/or purchase products that you initially viewed on This Website .
These other sites may ( or may not ) be `` co-branded '' or `` private-labeled '' with ( or otherwise contain ) the SuperMedia name and logo , Superpages , Superpages.com , Localsearch.comSM , SuperGuarantee , Superpages Direct , SuperpagesSM Mobile , DirectoryStoreSM , SuperTradeExchange , BigBook , BigYellow , SuperYellowPages.com , Inceptor , or EveryCarListed.com trademarks or other trademarks or branding of SuperMedia .
You can tell if you have linked from one site to another site by looking at the URL in the browser window ( or , if the link opens a new browser window , by looking at the URL found by `` right-clicking '' on the page in the window and selecting `` properties '' ) .
If the second level domain of the URL for the page containing the link is different than the second level domain of the URL for the page to which you have linked , you have linked to a different site .
Please note that any of SuperMedia 's trademarks or service marks ( e.g. , Superpages , Superpages.com , Localsearch.comSM , SuperGuarantee , Superpages Direct , SuperpagesSM Mobile , SuperTradeExchange , DirectoryStoreSM , BigBook , BigYellow , SuperYellowPages.com , Inceptor , or EveryCarListed.com etc . ) may be included in the URL of a co-branded or private label site that is owned and operated by another company , in a location other than that occupied by the second level domain ( e.g. , as the third level domain ) .
Other companies that own or operate these sites may track and/or collect information about you , but SuperMedia does not have control over the privacy practices ( including , without limitation , those relating to tracking user activity , collection of user data , use of user data , and security ) of these companies ( although , when a user activates a link from This Website to one of these other sites , SuperMedia may pass the user 's referral URL and IP address to the server hosting such other site ) .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices ( including , without limitation , those related to tracking , collection , use and security ) employed by other companies ( or in connection with sites of other companies ) , and we are not responsible for the content on , or operation of , sites of other companies ( including , without limitation , any transactions conducted through such sites ) .
We are committed to safeguarding customer privacy on This Website .
If you are visiting a site via a link on This Website , you are advised to read the privacy policy of such other site for its policies regarding information tracking , collection , usage and security .
SuperMedia may , however , host ( or contract with third parties to host ) website advertising linked to This Website ( the `` SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad ( s ) '' ) .
If you provide personally identifiable information while visiting any SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad , you will also be providing the personally identifiable information to the advertiser ( and advertiser and/or SuperMedia may be automatically collecting information while you visit any SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad ) .
In addition , SuperMedia may share information which is automatically collected while you visit any SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad with non- '' SuperMedia Family '' companies in order to complete a transaction that you initiated or to assess and report the results of the ad .
SuperMedia is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by the advertiser .
If you are visiting a SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad via a link on This Website , you are advised to read the privacy policy of such SuperMedia-Hosted Website Ad for its policies regarding information tracking , collection , usage and security .
Does SuperMedia combine personally identifiable information provided through This Website by users of This Website with offline information about such users
If and when SuperMedia intends to combine personally identifiable information you provide through This Website with offline information about you , this intent will be clearly stated .
You will then have the ability to choose not to have that information combined .
Does This Website send e-mail to users of This Website ?
SuperMedia may send you commercial e-mail messages ( unless you have chosen to opt-out of receiving them , with some exceptions , as explained below ) and non-commercial e-mail messages ( which are not subject to opt-out , as explained below ) .
For example , SuperMedia may send you e-mails to ( a ) conduct online surveys , ( b ) provide information regarding our company , information regarding our website ( s ) , marketing information about products and services , and newsletters , and ( c ) confirm registrations and orders placed online and to otherwise communicate with you as a client or other user of our services .
In addition , occasionally , we may use e-mail lists from third parties to promote our latest specials .
You may request not to receive ( i.e. , `` opt-out '' of receiving ) commercial e-mail messages ( the primary purpose of which is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service ) from us ( on a category-by-category basis ) , by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page .
If you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories , you may cancel your request to opt-out of ( i.e. , consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to ) such categories ( on a category-by-category basis ) by clicking on Update Your Email Preferences ( or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page ) , and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page .
Please note that we reserve the right to send e-mails to online users , including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages , to ( a ) facilitate , complete or confirm a commercial transaction the user has agreed to enter into with SuperMedia or participation in a program the user has selected ; ( b ) provide warranty information , product recall information , or safety or security information with respect to a commercial product or service used or purchased by the user ; ( c ) provide notification concerning a change in the terms or features of , notification of a change in the user 's standing or status with respect to , or at regular periodic intervals , account balance information or other type of account statement with respect to , a subscription , membership , account or comparable ongoing commercial relationship involving the ongoing purchase or use by the user of products or services offered by SuperMedia ; ( d ) provide information directly related to an employment relationship or related benefit plan in which the user is currently involved , participating or enrolled , ( e ) deliver goods or services that the user is entitled to receive under the terms of a transaction that the user has previously agreed to enter into with SuperMedia , ( f ) communicate other non-commercial e-mail messages , and ( g ) communicate commercial e-mail messages that the user consents to receiving .
If you are visiting a site via a link on This Website , you are advised to read the privacy policy of that other site for its policies regarding e-mail .
( See section entitled `` Do you accommodate links to other sites ? `` , above )
What is SuperMedia 's position regarding online advertising and third party ad servers ?
SuperMedia may place its own advertisements , and/or accept advertisements from third parties that serve advertising , on This Website .
SuperMedia may use its own Tracking Methods or Tracking Methods provided by such third parties in the pages containing the ad ( s ) that SuperMedia sends to your browser .
These Tracking Methods allow SuperMedia and/or the third parties to automatically collect information ( e.g. , usage pattern information ) about your visit to This Website .
As an online advertiser , SuperMedia may use information derived from its Tracking Methods or supplied from third party companies in several ways , such as to :
Evaluate and prioritize site selection when developing online media plan
Deliver product and pricing advertising/information applicable to the customers ' state
Gauge the effectiveness of our online advertising
What security measures are in place to restrict access to personally identifiable information ?
SuperMedia is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information that you provide through This Website .
This Website is protected with a variety of security measures such as change control procedures and physical access controls ( and passwords , as applicable ) .
We also implement other control mechanisms in an effort to help protect personally identifiable information that you provide through This Website from being lost , misused or altered inappropriately .
This Website supports 128 bit Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption to transmit certain information ( e.g. , credit card information provided by the user and social security numbers provided by the user ) .
SSL is a transport level technology for authentication and data encryption between a web server and a web browser .
SSL sends data over the `` socket '' , which is a secure channel at the connection layer .
What is a cookie and why does SuperMedia use them ?
A cookie is a small data string our server writes to your hard drive that contains your unique User ID for This Website .
Cookies help us to identify new and returning users to This Website , analyze click-stream data , and track historical activity on This Website , which allows us to give you a more personalized , useful experience on This Website .
Cookies may be placed by us , by a third-party that provides services to us , or a non-SuperMedia Family company , with which we have an agreement .
Cookies help SuperMedia to enhance the user 's online experience and can be used to :
deliver the appropriate geographic message
manage frequency of ad exposure ; avoid over delivery of the same message
tailor an advertisement or other content to better match your interests and preferences
ensure that you see the correct products and pricing applicable to the state in which you live
keep track of your order as you order services
manage features and programs made available through This Website
collect anonymous traffic data
A cookie can not be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive .
However , customers are free to delete website cookies .
Most internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive , block all cookies , or receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
You can choose to change your browser settings to disable cookies if you do not want us to establish and maintain a unique User ID .
Please be aware that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on This Website , such as ordering products or services , and , also in connection with personalized sections of This website , for example My Superpages .
To disable cookies , see `` Setting Cookie Preferences '' , below .
To opt-out of the placement of behavioral tracking cookies , see How to Opt-out of Behavior Tracking Cookies below .
However , you need to understand that some websites/ad serving companies have the ability to reestablish your history even after cookie deletion , if you reenter the same site on another occasion , or some other site tracked by the ad serving company/network , and specifically provide personal data .
Deletion of cookies alone does not prevent ad serving companies from reestablishing history on a user .
The user must either continue to decline cookies each time it reenters the site to keep the tracking severed , if desired , or opt-out .
When you opt-out , your unique user ID cookie is erased and you are reassigned an anonymous , non-id cookie .
This new cookie tells websites that you have opted out and they will then know not to attempt to assign other cookies to you in the future .
Opt-out cookies do not contain a unique user ID number therefore websites are not able to identify your computer uniquely .
Users who choose to continually delete cookies and not opt out can have their browser advise them each time a website attempts to send a cookie to your system .
At that time , you can choose to either Accept or Cancel a cookie .
Users who choose to `` opt out '' after deleting cookies will receive an anonymous/non personally identifiable cookie .
Here is How to Set Your Cookie Preferences :
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5+ , 6 , 7 : From the menu , select Tools and click on Internet Options .
Click on the Privacy tab .
Click on Default , it should set to `` Medium ''
Mozilla Firefox : From the menu , select Tools and click on Options .
Click the Privacy panel .
Under Cookies , click check box 'Accept cookies from sites ' and 'Accept third-party cookies ' check box
Netscape 9 : From the menu , select Tools and click on Options .
Click the Privacy panel and then click on the Cookies label .
Click on check box , 'Select cookies from the site '
MAC Safari : From menu , click on Safari , select 'Preference ' .
Click on 'Security ' .
From 'Accept cookies : click on radio button 'Only from sites you navigate to '
MAC Firefox : From menu , click on Firefox , select 'Preference ' .
Click on 'Privacy ' .
Under 'Cookies ' , click check box 'Accept cookies from sites '
Other Browsers : Contact the manufacturer of the browser for information
How to Opt-out of Behavioral Tracking Cookies :
We contract with non-SuperMedia Family companies , with which we have agreements , which use cookies to collect information when you visit This Website .
This non-personally identifiable information , collected through cookies , is typically used by third party advertising networks to serve you with advertisements while on third party sites and other forms of media , and those advertisements are tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests .
Does SuperMedia knowingly collect personal information from children through This Website ?
SuperMedia does not knowingly collect personal information from children through This Website .
SuperMedia does not request that users provide any personal information through any area of This Website that is directed towards children .
SuperMedia may , however , automatically collect certain information regarding users ' visits to This Website ( for example , the user 's IP address , the user 's domain name , the user 's user agent , which pages the user visits and for how long , the date and time the user accessed This Website and the referral URL ) including areas of This Website , if any , that are directed towards children .
( See Section entitled `` Information SuperMedia Collects '' . )
We can not always determine the age of persons who access and use This Website .
If a child visits This Website or provides us with the child 's information , we encourage the parent or guardian of the child to Contact Us to have such information deleted .
This Website , and any site to which users may link from This Website , may contain content provided by advertisers or other third parties that may not be suitable for children .
SuperMedia asks parents or legal guardians to assist SuperMedia by supervising any activities of children at This Website .
Who do I contact if I am concerned , or have questions , about my privacy related to This Website ?
Please visit Contact Us

Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc .
( Surfline ) respects your privacy and promises to earn and keep your trust .
At Surfline , we understand the importance of privacy , and we want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our site and using its services .
All information about you is kept confidential and will not be used in ways that you have not consented , and we will not sell or disclose any information that identifies you to a third party without your explicit approval .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms and Conditions of use .
It tells you what information we collect , how we protect it and what choices you have about how that information is used .
Most information collected is to enable us to best meet your needs as an action sports participant in a highly customized and responsive manner .
Surfline does not allow children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) to register because Surfline must comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which prohibits the online collection of personal information from people under 13 .
Public Forum Discussions and Comments
Please note that any information that you reveal in a public forum ( such as a bulletin board or chat room/event , comments ) will be seen by third parties not related to Surfline and is therefore not subject to this privacy policy .
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information in four distinct areas :
Alerts / Newsletter subscriptions : name , e-mail address
Membership enrollment and Profile creation : name , address , phone number , password , and information about specific interests ( when provided ) .
All Personal information is protected by your password .
Interaction with the web site and solution tools : personal usage information .
Surfline presents interactive tools to assist you in making purchasing decisions and weather forecasts , in doing so ; Surfline collects personal usage information for the sole purpose in helping you make the best decisions .
Store and Mail Order Catalog ( s ) : Surfline 's store and applicable catalog ( s ) is operated and managed by Swell .
Click here to read the Swell Privacy & Security Policy and Terms of Use
Cookies : personal usage information .
Please see the `` Cookies and Web Beacons '' below for more information .
Location : We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information .
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information .
Location data is not shared with 3rd .
party sites , advertisers or sponsors .
Surfline does not store any credit card information .
Surfline uses a secure hosted service which stores personal credit card data , and manages credit card processing for subscriptions and transactions .
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information will not be released to third parties without your explicit permission .
Surfline may provide your information to third parties in aggregate with others ' information , which does not allow you to be identified or contacted ( `` Aggregate Information '' ) .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site .
We might also inform a pharmaceutical company ( that may or may not be an advertiser on our site ) that `` 30 percent of our users live east of the Mississippi '' or that `` 25 percent of our users have looked into wave forecasts in Orange County . ''
Depending on the circumstances , we may or may not charge for this information .
We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of Personal information that you share with us .
However , no data transmission over the Internet ( or , with respect to our mobile services , over cellular phone networks ) can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect Personal information , we can not and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site , and you do so at your own risk .
We restrict access to Personal information to Surfline employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination and criminal prosecution , if they fail to meet these obligations .
You always have options on our site .
You can opt in to or out of any of our e-mail lists .
If you 'd like to get on an e-mail list ( for Surfline 's Surf Alert , for instance , or to receive information about new products from our store ) , simply go to that area and sign up .
If you 'd like your name to be taken off a list , follow the `` unsubscribe '' directions in any e-mail you receive from us .
If you have any questions about how seriously we take your privacy , have a look at the other sections here .
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
To enhance your online experience , we use `` cookies '' or similar technologies .
Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences .
Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to provide a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie .
We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize Surfline content , offerings or advertisements .
For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience with Surfline ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use interactive products on our sites .
We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising on Surfline or other websites you visit .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or Surfline .
This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising .
For more information regarding third-party ad servers , see `` Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites , Ad Servers , and Sponsors '' below .
We , our third party service providers , advertiser or our partners may also use `` web beacons '' or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page .
For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page .
You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser .
You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies .
Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Surfline .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY SITES , AD SERVERS , SPONSORS
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Surfline sites covered by this privacy statement sometimes may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , or promotions ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting and web analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant content , marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies .
We , our third party service providers , advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement .
For more information on how our sites may use third-party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third party ad servers , please see the section below on `` Third Party Ad Servers '' .
THIRD PARTY AD SERVERS
We , our partners and/or our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our sites and to conduct research about the advertisements .
Below is a representative list of such third parties .
For more information , please visit or contact the companies listed below :
To protect the enjoyment and privacy of the users of Surfline products , it is against Surfline policy for third party advertisers to deploy any software code , beyond that which is used to render industry standard advertising , through Surfline hosted advertising creative , without the express written permission of Surfline .
Surfline takes reasonable precautions to insure that third party advertisers are not deploying technology through ads hosted on Surfline and or to remove such campaigns immediately as we are notified of such a policy violation .
In the case unauthorized code or interaction is served through a third party ad , without our knowledge , Surfline takes no responsibility or liability for interactions your device may have with third party advertising units hosted on Surfline or any of it 's sub-domains .
This applies to computers , mobile phones , tablets/pads , or any device that is used to access Surfline content .
The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) is a cooperative group of ad serving providers .
The NAI has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere .
The NAI is committed to provide consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally .
The NAI has developed a tool that assists consumers in identifying member companies that have placed an advertising cookie file on his/her computer , and provides a method to `` Opt out '' of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks .
Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising .
It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns .
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CONTACTING SURFLINE
You can always update the Personal information that you have provided to us and change your Privacy choices by updating the `` My Account '' section on the web site .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Surfline may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our site .
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent , and we expect most such changes will be minor .
In the event that any changes are made to use of your Personal information , you will be informed via e-mail , and will afford you the opportunity to opt-out of any further use .
Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy , please exit the site immediately .
2013 Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc .
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties

Last updated : October 29 , 2013
This privacy policy explains how SurveyMonkey handles your personal information and data .
We value your trust , so we 've strived to present this policy in clear , plain language instead of legalese .
The policy is structured so you can quickly find answers to the questions which interest you the most .
This privacy policy applies to all the products , services and websites offered by SurveyMonkey Inc. , SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl , and their affiliates , except where otherwise noted .
We refer to those products , services and websites collectively as the services in this policy .
Some services have supplementary privacy statements that explain in more detail our specific privacy practices in relation to them .
Unless otherwise noted , our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States and by SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl outside of the United States .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
SurveyMonkey Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed TRUSTe , an independent third party , for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements , which include transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
European Safe Harbors .
SurveyMonkey Inc. complies with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from EU member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified , and TRUSTe has verified , that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
View our certification on the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website .
Questions ? For questions regarding our privacy policy or practices , contact SurveyMonkey by mail at 285 Hamilton Avenue , Suite 500 , Palo Alto , CA 94301 , USA , or electronically through this form .
You may contact TRUSTe if feel your question has not been satisfactorily addressed .
Key Privacy Points : The Stuff You Really Care About
IF YOU CREATE SURVEYS :
Your survey data is owned by you .
Not only that , but SurveyMonkey treats your surveys as if they were private .
We do n't sell them to anyone and we do n't use the survey responses you collect for our own purposes , except in a limited set of circumstances ( e.g . if we are compelled by a subpoena , or if you 've made your survey responses public ) .
We safeguard respondents ' email addresses .
To make it easier for you to invite people to take your surveys via email , you may upload lists of email addresses , in which case SurveyMonkey acts as a mere custodian of that data .
We do n't sell these email addresses and we use them only as directed by you and in accordance with this policy .
The same goes for any email addresses collected by your surveys .
We keep your data securely .
Read our Security Statement for more information .
Survey data is stored on servers located in the United States .
More information about this is available if you are located in Canada or Europe .
SurveyMonkey will process your survey data on your behalf and under your instructions ( including the ones agreed to in this privacy policy ) .
IF YOU ANSWER SURVEYS :
Surveys are administered by survey creators .
Survey creators conduct thousands of surveys each day using our services .
We host the surveys on our websites and collect the responses that you submit to the survey creator .
If you have any questions about a survey you are taking , please contact the survey creator directly as SurveyMonkey is not responsible for the content of that survey or your responses to it .
The survey creator is usually the same person that invited you to take the survey and sometimes they have their own privacy policy .
Are your responses anonymous ? This depends on how the survey creator has configured the survey .
Contact them to find out , or click here to read more about respondent anonymity .
We do n't sell your responses to third parties .
SurveyMonkey does n't sell or share your survey responses with third party advertisers or marketers ( although the survey creator might , so check with them ) .
SurveyMonkey merely acts as a custodian on behalf of the survey creator who controls your data .
If you think a survey violates our Terms of Use or may be engaging in illegal activity , click here to report it .
Survey Creators & Survey Respondents
SurveyMonkey is used by survey creators ( people who create and conduct surveys online ) and survey respondents ( people who answer those surveys ) .
The information we receive from survey creators and survey respondents and how we handle it differs , so we have split this privacy policy into two parts .
Click on the one that applies to you :
Privacy for Survey Creators
Privacy for Survey Respondents
PRIVACY FOR SURVEY CREATORS
What information does SurveyMonkey collect
When you use SurveyMonkey , we collect information relating to you and your use of our services from a variety of sources .
These are listed below .
The sections afterward describe what we do with this information .
Information we collect directly from you
You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can create surveys on SurveyMonkey .
When you register for an account , we collect your username , password and email address .
If you choose to register by using a third party account ( such as your Google or Facebook account ) , please see `` Information from third parties '' below .
If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey , we require you to provide your billing details , such as a name , address , email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment ( e.g . a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number ) .
If you provide a billing address , we will regard that as the location of the account holder .
You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your account settings page .
For example , your default language , timezone and communication preferences ( e.g . opting in or out of receiving marketing emails from SurveyMonkey ) .
Address book information .
We allow you to import email addresses into an Address Book and associate email addresses with email invitation collectors so you can easily invite people to take your surveys via email .
We do n't use these email addresses for our own purposes or email them except at your direction .
We store your survey data ( questions and responses ) for you .
Other data you intentionally share .
We may collect your personal information or data if you submit it to us in other contexts .
For example , if you provide us with a testimonial , or participate in a SurveyMonkey contest .
We safeguard your respondents ' email addresses .
Rest assured , SurveyMonkey will not email your survey respondents or people in your Address Book except at your direction .
We definitely do n't sell those email addresses to any third parties .
Information we collect about you from other sources
We collect usage data about you whenever you interact with our services .
This may include which webpages you visit , what you click on , when you performed those actions , and so on .
Additionally , like most websites today , our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers .
The log files contain data about the nature of each access , including originating IP addresses .
We collect data from the device and application you use to access our services , such as your IP address and browser type .
We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address .
If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source ( such as a link on another website or in an email ) , we record information about the source that referred you to us .
Information from third parties .
We may collect your personal information or data from third parties if you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us .
For example , you have the option of registering and signing into SurveyMonkey with your Facebook account details .
If you do this , the authentication of your logon details is handled by Facebook and we only collect information about your Facebook account that you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission for your SurveyMonkey account to be linked to your Facebook account .
Information from page tags .
We use third party tracking services that employ cookies and page tags ( also known as web beacons ) to collect aggregated and anonymized data about visitors to our websites .
This data includes usage and user statistics .
How does SurveyMonkey use the information we collect
We treat your survey questions and responses as information that is private to you .
We know that , in many cases , you want to keep your survey questions and responses ( which we collectively refer to as survey data ) private .
Unless you decide to share your survey questions and/or responses with the public , we do not use your survey data for our own purposes , except in the limited circumstances described in this privacy policy or unless we have your express consent .
We do not sell your survey data to third parties .
Generally , we use the information we collect from you in connection with providing our services to you and , on your behalf , to your survey respondents .
For example , specific ways we use this information are listed below .
( See the next section of this privacy policy to see who we share your information with . )
To provide you with our services .
This includes providing you with customer support , which requires us to access your information to assist you ( such as with survey design and creation or technical troubleshooting ) .
Certain features of our services use the content of your survey questions and responses and your account information in additional ways .
Feature descriptions will clearly identify where this is the case .
You can avoid the use of your survey data in this way by simply choosing not to use such features .
For example , by using our Question Bank feature , to add questions to your surveys , you also permit us to aggregate the responses you receive to those questions with responses received by other Question Bank users who have used the same questions .
We may then report statistics about the aggregated ( and anonymized ) data sent to you and other survey creators .
If you choose to link your SurveyMonkey account to a third party account ( such as your Google or Facebook account ) , we may use the information you allow us to collect from those third parties to provide you with additional features , services , and personalized content .
To manage our services .
We internally use your information , including certain survey data , for the following limited purposes :
To monitor and improve our services and features .
We internally perform statistical and other analysis on information we collect ( including usage data , device data , referral data , and information from page tags ) to analyze and measure user behavior and trends , to understand how people use our services , and to monitor , troubleshoot and improve our services .
However , we do not use the non-public content of surveys ( i.e . the content of questions and responses that you have not publicly shared ) for these purposes .
To assist the enforcement of our Terms of Use .
To prevent potentially illegal activities .
To screen for undesirable or abusive activity .
For example , we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities , spam , and fraud .
To create new services , features or content ( public data and metadata only ) .
We may use public survey data and anonymized survey metadata ( that is , data about the characteristics of a survey but not its non-public content ) , to create and provide new services , features or content .
For example , we may look at statistics like response rates , question and answer word counts , and the average number of questions in a survey and publish interesting observations about these for informational or marketing purposes .
When we do this , neither individual survey creators nor survey respondents will be identified or identifiable unless we have obtained their permission .
To facilitate account creation and the logon process .
If you choose to link your SurveyMonkey account to a third party account ( such as your Google or Facebook account ) , we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate the account creation and login process .
For more information , click here .
To contact you about your service or account .
We occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature ( e.g . service-related announcements , billing-related matters , changes to our services or policies , a welcome email when you first register ) .
You ca n't opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you .
To contact you for marketing purposes ( if you opt in ) .
We will only do this if you have given us your express permission to contact you for this purpose .
For example , during the account registration process we will ask for your permission to use your information to contact you for promotional purposes .
You may opt out of these communications at any time by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link in them , or changing the relevant setting on your My Account page .
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm .
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request , we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond .
With whom do we share or disclose your information
We do n't sell your survey data !
When might we disclose your survey data to third parties ? Only for a limited number of reasons .
Mostly commonly , we share your information with our service providers who help us to provide our services to you .
We contractually bind these service providers to keep your information confidential and to use it only for the purpose of providing their services to us .
For example , we use payment processors who help us to process credit card transactions .
By using our services , you authorize SurveyMonkey to sub-contract in this manner on your behalf .
Rare circumstances include when we need to share information if required by law , or in a corporate restructuring or acquisition context ( see below for more details ) .
Sharing your surveys with the public .
By default , your surveys are private .
You are able to control who can take your survey by changing your collector settings .
For example , surveys can be made completely public ( and indexable by search engines ) , password protected , or distributed to a restricted list of people .
You can also choose to share your survey responses instantly or at a public location .
We recognize that you have entrusted us with safeguarding the privacy of your information .
Because that trust is very important to us , the only time we will disclose or share your personal information or survey data with a third party is when we have done one of three things , in accordance with applicable law : ( a ) given you notice , such as in this privacy policy ; ( b ) obtained your express consent , such as through an opt-in checkbox ; or ( c ) anonymized the information so that individuals can not be identified by it .
Where required by law , we will obtain your express consent prior to disclosing or sharing any personal information .
We may disclose :
Your information to our service providers .
We use service providers who help us to provide you with our services .
We give relevant persons working for some of these providers access to your information , but only to the extent necessary for them to perform their services for us .
We also implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and data is maintained , used only for the provision of their services to us , and handled in accordance with this privacy policy .
Examples of service providers include payment processors , email service providers , and web traffic analytics tools .
Your account details to your billing contact .
If your details ( as the account holder ) are different to the billing contact listed for your account , we may disclose your identity and account details to the billing contact upon their request ( we also will usually attempt to notify you of such requests ) .
By using our services and agreeing to this privacy policy , you consent to this disclosure .
Aggregated information to third parties to improve or promote our services .
No individuals can be identified or linked to any part of the information we share with third parties to improve or promote our services .
The presence of a cookie to advertise our services .
We may ask advertisers to display ads promoting our services on other websites .
We may ask them to deliver those ads based on the presence of a cookie but in doing so will not share any other information with the advertiser .
Our advertising network partners may use cookies and page tags or web beacons to collect certain non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you with targeted advertising based upon your interests .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
Your information if required or permitted by law .
We may disclose your information as required or permitted by law , or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , subpoena , or other legal process served on us .
Your information if there 's a change in business ownership or structure .
If ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes , or we undertake a corporate reorganization ( including a merger or consolidation ) or any other action or transfer between SurveyMonkey entities , you expressly consent to SurveyMonkey transferring your information to the new owner or successor entity so that we can continue providing our services .
If required , SurveyMonkey will notify the applicable data protection agency in each jurisdiction of such a transfer in accordance with the notification procedures under applicable data protection laws .
Information you expressly consent to be shared .
For example , we may expressly request your permission to provide your contact details to third parties for various purposes , including to allow those third parties to contact you for marketing purposes .
( You may later revoke your permission , but if you wish to stop receiving communications from a third party to which we provided your information with your permission , you will need to contact that third party directly . )
What are your rights to your information
Update your account details .
You can update your registration and other account information on your My Account page .
Information is updated immediately .
Download/backup your survey data .
We provide you with the ability to export , share and publish your survey data in a variety of formats .
This allows you to create your own backups or conduct offline data analysis .
See here for downloading instructions .
Delete your survey data .
Deleting survey data in the ways described on this page will not permanently delete survey data immediately .
As long as you maintain an account with us , we retain your deleted data in case you delete something by accident and need to restore it ( which you can request by contacting customer support ) .
To the extent permitted by law , we will permanently delete your data if you request to cancel your account .
Cancel your account .
To cancel and delete your account , please contact customer support .
Deleting your account will cause all the survey data in the account to be permanently deleted , as permitted by law , and will disable your access to any other services that require a SurveyMonkey account .
We will respond to any such request , and any appropriate request to access , correct , update or delete your personal information within the time period specified by law ( if applicable ) or without excessive delay .
We will promptly fulfill requests to delete personal data unless the request is not technically feasible or such data is required to be retained by law ( in which case we will block access to such data , if required by law ) .
For how long do we retain your data ? We generally retain your data for as long as you have an account with us , or to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , or enforce our agreements .
Data that is deleted from our servers may remain as residual copies on offsite backup media for up to approximately 12 months afterward .
We describe our retention practices in more detail in this FAQ
Security , cookies and other important information
Changes to this privacy policy .
We may modify this privacy policy at any time , but if we do so , we will notify you by publishing the changes on this website .
If we determine the changes are material , we will provide you with additional , prominent notice as is appropriate under the circumstances , such as via email .
For any changes to this privacy policy for which you are required to provide prior consent , we will provide you with reasonable notice of such changes before they become effective and provide you with the opportunity to consent to those changes .
If you do not cancel your subscription and continue to use our services beyond the advance-notice period , you will be considered as having expressly consented to the changes in our privacy policy .
If you disagree with the terms of this privacy policy or any updated privacy policy , you may close your account at any time .
Details about SurveyMonkey 's security practices are available in our Security Statement .
We are committed to handling your personal information and data with integrity and care .
However , regardless of the security protections and precautions we undertake , there is always a risk that your personal data may be viewed and used by unauthorized third parties as a result of collecting and transmitting your data through the internet .
We use cookies on our websites .
Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device you use to access our services so we can recognize repeat users .
Each cookie expires after a certain period of time , depending on what we use it for .
We use cookies for several reasons :
To make our site easier to use .
If you use the `` Remember me '' feature when you sign into your account , we may store your username in a cookie to make it quicker for you to sign in whenever you return to SurveyMonkey .
For security reasons .
We use cookies to authenticate your identity , such as confirming whether you are currently logged into SurveyMonkey .
To provide you with personalized content .
We may store user preferences , such as your default language , in cookies to personalize the content you see .
We also use cookies to ensure that users ca n't retake certain surveys that they have already completed .
To improve our services .
We use cookies to measure your usage of our websites and track referral data , as well as to occasionally display different versions of content to you .
This information helps us to develop and improve our services and optimize the content we display to users .
Click here for more details about our cookies .
We do n't believe cookies are sinister , but you can still choose to remove or disable cookies via your browser .
Refer to your web browser 's configuration documentation to learn how to do this .
Please note that doing this may adversely impact your ability to use our services .
Enabling cookies ensures a smoother experience when using our websites .
By using our websites and agreeing to this privacy policy , you expressly consent to the use of cookies as described in this policy .
Blogs and Forums .
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
We 're not responsible for any personal information you choose to submit in these areas of our site .
In some cases , we may not be able to fulfill your request and we will let you know why .
We currently do not process or comply with any web browser 's `` do not track '' signal or other similar mechanism that indicates a request to disable online tracking of individual users who visit our websites or use our services ( unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy statement ) .
Safety of Minors and COPPA .
Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors .
`` Minors '' are individuals under the age of majority in their place of residence ( or under 13 in the United States ) .
SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect personal data from minors or allow them to register .
If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a minor , we may delete this information without notice .
English version controls .
Non-English translations of this privacy policy are provided for convenience .
In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations , the English version is authoritative .
Additional information for European Union users
SurveyMonkey provides some of its services to users in the EU through SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl , located at 1 , Alle Scheffer , L-2520 Luxembourg .
`` Personal data '' .
For users located in the EU , references to `` personal information '' in this policy are equivalent to what is commonly referred to as `` personal data '' in the EU .
About IP addresses .
Our servers record the incoming IP addresses of visitors to our websites ( whether or not the visitor has a SurveyMonkey account ) and store the IP addresses in log files .
We use these log files for purposes such as system administration and maintenance , record keeping , tracking referring web sites , inferring your location , and security purposes ( e.g . controlling abuse , spam and DDOS attacks ) .
We also store IP addresses along with certain actions you take on our system .
IP addresses are only linked to survey responses if a survey creator has configured a survey to collect IP addresses .
By agreeing to this privacy policy , you expressly consent to SurveyMonkey using your IP address for the foregoing purposes .
If you wish to opt out from the foregoing consent to use your IP address , you must cancel your account ( if you have one ) or not respond to a survey if requested to do so .
SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl , whose contact information is listed above , is the data controller for registration , billing and other account information that we collect from users in the EU .
However , the data controller for survey data is the survey creator .
The survey creator determines how their survey questions and responses are used and disclosed .
SurveyMonkey only processes such survey data in accordance with the instructions and permissions ( including those given under this privacy policy ) selected by the survey creator when they create and administer their survey .
Accessing and correcting your personal data .
You have the right to access and correct the personal information that SurveyMonkey holds about you .
By using our services , you agree to comply with applicable data protection requirements when collecting and using your survey data , such as requirements to inform respondents about the specific uses and disclosures of their data .
By clicking `` I Agree '' or any other button indicating your acceptance of this privacy policy , you expressly consent to the following :
You consent to the collection , use , disclosure and processing of your personal data in the manner described in this privacy policy , including our procedures relating to cookies , IP addresses and log files .
Our servers are based in the United States , so your personal data will be primarily processed by us in the United States .
You consent to the transfer and processing of your personal data in the United States by SurveyMonkey Inc. , in Luxembourg by SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl and in Portugal by SurveyMonkey Spain , Sucursal em Portugal .
You consent and agree that we may transfer your data to data processors located in countries , including the United States , which do not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area .
Your consent is voluntary , and you may revoke your consent by opting out at any time .
Please note that if you opt-out , we may no longer be able to provide you our services .
You consent to us sharing your personal data with relevant persons working for service providers who assist us to provide our services .
If you have enabled cookies on your web browser , you consent to our use of cookies as described in this privacy policy .
Additional information for Canadian users
Please read this article for information about the U.S. Patriot Act and how it affects the personal information of Canadian users .
Additional information for Japanese users
You agree that you are responsible for notifying the respondents of surveys that you create using our services about how SurveyMonkey may use the respondents ' survey responses and personal data as described in this privacy policy and obtaining prior consent from respondents to disclose their personal data to SurveyMonkey .
PRIVACY FOR SURVEY RESPONDENTS
What information does SurveyMonkey collect
When you respond to surveys hosted by SurveyMonkey , we collect , on behalf and upon instructions ( including the ones provided in this privacy policy ) of survey creators , information relating to you and your use of our services from a variety of sources .
These are listed below .
The sections afterward describe what we do with this information .
Information we collect directly from you
We collect and store the survey responses that you submit .
The survey creator is responsible for this data and manages it .
A survey may ask you to provide personal information or data .
If you have any questions about a survey you are taking , please contact the survey creator directly as SurveyMonkey is not responsible for the content of that survey .
The survey creator is usually the same person that invited you to take the survey and sometimes they have their own privacy policy .
Are your survey responses anonymous ? You will need to ask the survey creator this as it depends on how they have chosen to configure their survey .
We provide instructions on how a survey creator can ensure they collect responses anonymously .
However , even if a survey creator has followed those steps , specific questions in the survey may still ask you for your personal information or data that could be used to identify you .
Information we collect about you from other sources
We collect usage data about you whenever you interact with our services .
This may include which webpages you visit , what you click on , when you performed those actions , and so on .
Additionally , as with most websites today , our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers .
The log files contain data about the nature of each access , including originating IP addresses .
Note that we do not link this usage data to your survey responses .
We collect data from the device and application you use to access our services , such as your IP address and browser type .
We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address .
Your IP address will be linked to your survey responses unless a survey creator has disabled IP address collection for the survey you respond to .
We record information about the source that referred you to a survey ( e.g . a link on a website or in an email ) .
Information from page tags .
We use third party tracking services that employ cookies and page tags ( also known as web beacons ) to collect aggregated and anonymized data about visitors to our websites .
This data includes usage and user statistics .
Your email address .
If a survey creator uses an email invitation collector to send you a survey invitation email , we collect your email address when the survey creator provides it to us .
We do n't use this to send you email except at the direction of a survey creator .
The emails we send on behalf of a survey creator appear to come from that survey creator 's email address .
Providing survey responses is voluntary .
Remember , you can always choose not to provide an answer to any given survey question ( especially those requesting your personal information or data ) .
However , sometimes this will prevent you from completing a survey if the survey creator has marked that question as requiring an answer .
How does SurveyMonkey use the information we collect
Your survey responses are owned and managed by the survey creator , and we treat that information as private to the survey creator .
Please contact the survey creator directly to understand how they will use your survey responses .
Some survey creators may provide you with a privacy policy or notice at the time you take their survey and we encourage you to review that to understand how the survey creator will handle your responses .
Please see the Survey Creator version of this privacy policy to understand how SurveyMonkey handles survey responses .
SurveyMonkey does not sell survey responses to third parties and we do not use any contact details collected in our customers ' surveys to contact survey respondents .
We also use the information we collect from you ( including usage data , device data , referral data and information from page tags ) to manage and improve our services .
With whom do we share or disclose your information
SurveyMonkey does not sell your survey responses !
Your survey responses to survey creators .
We host surveys for survey creators , but they are really the primary curator of survey data .
Anything you expressly disclose in your survey responses will , naturally , be provided to them .
Please contact the survey creator directly to understand how they might share your survey responses .
Please see the Survey Creator version of this privacy policy to understand what SurveyMonkey tells survey creators about how we handle survey responses .
What are your rights to your information
Contact the survey creator to access and correct your responses and personal information .
Because we collect survey responses on behalf of survey creators , you will need to contact the survey creator if you have any questions about the survey , or if you want to access , update , or delete anything in your responses .
We provide survey creators with tools to maintain the responses they collect through their surveys .
SurveyMonkey can not provide you with this access since survey responses are the survey creator 's private information .
Opt out of receiving surveys .
You may opt out of receiving email invitations to take surveys which are sent by survey creators via SurveyMonkey .
Security , cookies and other important information
Changes to this privacy policy .
We may modify this privacy policy at any time , but if we do so , we will notify you by publishing the changes on this website .
If we determine the changes are material , we will provide you with additional , prominent notice as is appropriate under the circumstances , such as via email .
For any changes to this privacy policy for which you are required to provide prior consent , we will provide you with reasonable notice of such changes before they become effective and provide you with the opportunity to consent to those changes .
If you do not cancel your subscription and continue to use our services beyond the advance-notice period , you will be considered as having expressly consented to the changes in our privacy policy .
If you disagree with the terms of this privacy policy or any updated privacy policy , you may close your account ( if you have one ) at any time or not respond to a survey .
Details about SurveyMonkey 's security practices are available in our Security Statement .
We are committed to handling your personal information and data with integrity and care .
However , regardless of the security protections and precautions we undertake , there is always a risk that your personal data may be viewed and used by unauthorized third parties as a result of collecting and transmitting your data through the internet .
We use cookies on our websites .
Cookies are small bits of data we store on the device you use to access our services so we can recognize repeat users .
Each cookie expires after a certain period of time , depending on what we use it for .
We use cookies for several reasons :
To make our site easier to use .
If you use the `` Remember me '' feature when you sign into your account , we may store your username in a cookie to make it quicker for you to sign in whenever you return to SurveyMonkey .
For security reasons .
We use cookies to authenticate your identity , such as confirming whether you are currently logged into SurveyMonkey .
To provide you with personalized content .
We may store user preferences , such as your default language , in cookies to personalize the content you see .
We also use cookies to ensure that users ca n't retake certain surveys that they have already completed .
To improve our services .
We use cookies to measure your usage of our websites and track referral data , as well as to occasionally display different versions of content to you .
This information helps us to develop and improve our services and optimize the content we display to users .
Click here for more details about our cookies .
We do n't believe cookies are sinister , but you can still choose to remove or disable cookies via your browser .
Refer to your web browser 's configuration documentation to learn how to do this .
Please note that doing this may adversely impact your ability to use our services .
Enabling cookies ensures a smoother experience when using our websites .
By using our websites and agreeing to this privacy policy , you expressly consent to the use of cookies as described in this policy .
Blogs and Forums .
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
We 're not responsible for any personal information you choose to submit in these areas of our site .
In some cases , we may not be able to fulfill your request and we will let you know why .
We currently do not process or comply with any web browser 's `` do not track '' signal or other similar mechanism that indicates a request to disable online tracking of individual users who visit our websites or use our services ( unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy statement ) .
Social Media Features .
Our websites may include social media features or widgets , such as the Facebook Like button .
Use of these features may allow them to collect your IP address , detect which page you are visiting on our site , and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly .
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it .
Safety of Minors and COPPA .
Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors .
`` Minors '' are individuals under the age of majority in their place of residence ( or under 13 in the United States ) .
SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect personal data from minors or allow them to register .
If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a minor , we may delete this information without notice .
English version controls .
Non-English translations of this privacy policy are provided for convenience .
In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations , the English version is authoritative .
Additional information for European Union users
SurveyMonkey provides some of its services to users in the EU through SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl , located at 1 , Alle Scheffer , L-2520 Luxembourg .
`` Personal data '' .
For users located in the EU , references to `` personal information '' in this policy are equivalent to what is commonly referred to as `` personal data '' in the EU .
About IP addresses .
Our servers record the incoming IP addresses of visitors to our websites ( whether or not the visitor has a SurveyMonkey account ) and store the IP addresses in log files .
We use these log files for purposes such as system administration and maintenance , record keeping , tracking referring web sites , inferring your location , and security purposes ( e.g . controlling abuse , spam and DDOS attacks ) .
We also store IP addresses along with certain actions you take on our system .
IP addresses are only linked to survey responses if a survey creator has configured a survey to collect IP addresses .
By agreeing to this privacy policy , you expressly consent to SurveyMonkey using your IP address for the foregoing purposes .
If you wish to opt out from the foregoing consent to use your IP address , you must cancel your account ( if you have one ) or not respond to a survey if requested to do so .
SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl , whose contact information is listed above , is the data controller for registration , billing and other account information that we collect from users in the EU .
However , the data controller for survey data is the survey creator .
The survey creator determines how their survey questions and responses are used and disclosed .
SurveyMonkey only processes such survey data in accordance with the instructions and permissions ( including those given under this privacy policy ) selected by the survey creator when they create and administer their survey .
Accessing and correcting your personal data .
You have the right to access and correct the personal information that SurveyMonkey holds about you .
By clicking `` I Agree '' or any other button indicating your acceptance of this privacy policy , you expressly consent to the following :
You consent to the collection , use , disclosure and processing of your personal data in the manner described in this privacy policy , including our procedures relating to cookies , IP addresses and log files .
Our servers are based in the United States , so your personal data will be primarily processed by us in the United States .
You consent to the transfer and processing of your personal data in the United States by SurveyMonkey Inc. , in Luxembourg by SurveyMonkey Europe Sarl and in Portugal by SurveyMonkey Spain , Sucursal em Portugal .
You consent and agree that we may transfer your data to data processors located in countries , including the United States , which do not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area .
Your consent is voluntary , and you may revoke your consent by opting out at any time .
Please note that if you opt-out , we may no longer be able to provide you our services .
You consent to us sharing your personal data with relevant persons working for service providers who assist us to provide our services .
If you have enabled cookies on your web browser , you consent to our use of cookies as described in this privacy policy .
Additional information for Canadian users
Please read this article for information about the U.S. Patriot Act and how it affects the personal information of Canadian users .
Additional information for Japanese users
You agree that you are responsible for notifying the respondents of surveys that you create using our services about how SurveyMonkey may use the respondents ' survey responses and personal data as described in this privacy policy and obtaining prior consent from respondents to disclose their personal data to SurveyMonkey .

Privacy and Disclosure Statements
Our Web Site and Your Privacy
We make the following assurances of privacy for visitors to our Web site :
The Sutter Health Web site is designed to provide useful information about our organization and to connect users with physicians , facilities , services and employment opportunities within Sutter Health .
Our Web site does not promote or sell products of any kind .
We do hope that the information provided encourages the visitor to consider using the Sutter Health network for medical care , or that visitors might decide to join our organization as an employee , volunteer or donor .
We keep track of visits to our Web site via an automatic monitoring program that tells us , among other things , how many visits are made to the site ; the time of day and date of those visits ; and the areas visited .
This information is used to evaluate the effectiveness of our site and the effectiveness of any promotion of our site .
It helps us answer questions such as these : Are we providing information on our Web site that is useful ? Which information is most useful ? How have we made you aware that our Web site exists ?
The monitoring program does not provide us with any personal information about a visitor .
We can not discern the name , address or any other personal information about visitors to our site .
If we wish to gather such personal information , it will be requested via a form on the site that the user voluntarily completes and submits .
The form will describe the way in which the information will be used .
Who Funds Our Web Site
The Sutter Health Web site is funded entirely by the operating income of the Sutter Health network .
Please visit the About Sutter Health section to learn more about our status as a non-profit health care organization .
We accept no outside funding for the creation or maintenance of our Web site , nor do we accept advertising income in exchange for promotion of any product or service via our Web site .
Who Oversees Our Web Site
The information on our Web site is managed by the Sutter Health Communications and Marketing Department , in the Sutter Health home office in Sacramento .
Questions , concerns or suggestions can be directed to :
Comments or questions will be routed to the appropriate individual within the organization .
You can also contact us via U.S. mail at :
2200 River Plaza Drive
Sacramento , CA 95833
All health-related information provided via our site is intended to educate and inform visitors about illnesses and conditions and ways to maintain optimum health .
It is not intended to diagnose personal physical conditions and is not a substitute for consulting with one 's own personal health care provider .
By viewing our Web site health information , you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions .
Our health-related information is derived from three sources :
Our Sutter aligned physicians and medical experts Information posted on the site , such as our preventive health guidelines , have been reviewed and approved by clinical leadership groups within the Sutter Health network .
Our affiliation with HealthWise The bulk of our health information and education material is provided by HealthWise .
Our affiliation with MedlinePlus - Sutter Health 's Web site contains third-party health information and educational material provided by MedlinePlus .
To learn more about the MedlinePlus public service , please read their Quality Guidelines , Disclaimers and Privacy Policy .
Our Physician Referral Feature
Our physician referral feature is intended to help visitors to our Web site learn about physicians who are on the active medical staffs of Sutter-aligned hospitals , or who are members of Sutter-affiliated medical groups .
The information on each physician in our referral feature is provided by that physician , via the records maintained by the hospital medical staff or the medical group .
The information is updated on a regular basis .
For more details , the Web visitor is encouraged to call the individual physician 's office at the number provided on the Web site .
Find a Sutter Health doctor
Our Job Search Feature
Our job search feature is intended to help connect Web site visitors with employment opportunities at the various Sutter-affiliated organizations .
The information on current job openings is provided by each Sutter-affiliated organization and is updated on a regular basis .
Each Sutter-affiliated hospital , physician group or service is a separate business and therefore a separate employer , with its own employment policies , wage and salary scale and benefit package .
Details of employment with a Sutter affiliate is best determined by contacting that facility .
Jobs at Sutter Health

Privacy Policy : Highlights
Revised November 21 , 2012
Read our Privacy Policy
T-Mobile is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information .
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect , use , disclose , and store your personal information .
As T-Mobile may periodically update its Privacy Policy , you should review this Privacy Policy often for changes .
What Types of Information We Collect About You
How Information About You Is Collected
How We Use Information We Collect About You
When We Share Information Collected About You
How We Store and Protect the Information Collected About You
How You Can Update Your Information and Choose How We Contact You
Your Role in Protecting Your Privacy
Privacy Policy Updates and Contact Information
What Types of Information We Collect About You
T-Mobile collects information from you in order to provide our products and services .
Examples of the types of information we collect include :
Personal information means information we directly associate with a specific person , for example your name , address or email address .
T-Mobile collects information about you for contact and billing purposes , including your name , address , phone number and email address .
Credit and Financial Information : T-Mobile collects information about your credit card or banking information , Social Security Number , and credit history so we can verify , process and bill for our products and services .
Network and Device Information .
T-Mobile collects information about your use of your device and our network , WiFi usage , and performance information , as well as data relating to your use of our website , applications and other products and services .
Learn more about the information we collect
T-Mobile does not target its products and services to children and does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age .
If you allow a child to use your device or T-Mobile services , you should be aware that their personal information could be collected as described in this policy .
Learn more about our policy for Children
How Information About You Is Collected
T-Mobile collects information about you in three primary ways :
Information You Provide .
T-Mobile collects information that you provide when you apply for , purchase or use our services or products , such as your personal contact and billing information , credit information , or other information you may provide to us .
Learn more about how we collect information
Information We Collect Automatically .
We automatically collect a variety of information associated with your use of your device and our products and services , some of which may be associated with you or another user on your account .
Learn more about automatically-collected data
Information From Other Sources .
We may obtain or purchase information about you from other sources , such as credit information before starting service , or updated address information from shippers .
How We Use Information We Collect About You
T-Mobile uses your information to provide and bill for services and products , to verify your identity , and to send you offers for T-Mobile products and services .
T-Mobile also uses information we collect to answer your questions about your account or assist you with troubleshooting .
T-Mobile may also use your information for internal purposes , such as auditing , data analysis , and research to improve T-Mobile 's products , services , customer communications , content .
T-Mobile may use your information to personalize services and offers we provide to you .
Learn more about how we use information we collect
T-Mobile may use information about your location to provide our services or to customize data presented to you .
Learn more about location information
You may see advertisements when you visit our websites , mobile websites or on your device .
T-Mobile may help advertisers better reach T-Mobile customers by providing certain customer information , including device type , geographic information , language preferences or demographic information obtained from other companies .
Learn more about third-party advertising
When We Share Information Collected About You
T-Mobile does not sell your name , address or phone number to others outside the T-Mobile corporate family to market those companies ' products or services .
If your use of T-Mobile products and services is in conjunction with an employer discount or multi-line account , your employer or the primary account holder may have access to your information .
T-Mobile may provide your information to third-party service providers to process transactions or otherwise provide you service , such as billing companies or shipping services , or when roaming on another carrier 's network .
T-Mobile may also transfer your information in a corporate business transaction , such as a merger or acquisition .
For Legal Process and Protection .
We will provide customer information where necessary to comply with the law , such as disclosure of your information to a law enforcement agency for your safety or the safety of others , or when compelled by subpoena or other legal process .
T-Mobile may provide your de-identified information to third parties for marketing , advertising , or other purposes .
Learn more about how we share information with third parties
Third Party Applications .
When you install third party applications on your device , you may consent to third-party access to information from your device or on our network , such as your contact list or location .
Third party application information collection is not covered under T-Mobile 's Privacy Policy .
Learn more about third-party applications
How We Store and Protect the Information Collected About You
Protecting Your Information .
T-Mobile uses a variety of safeguards to protect the information T-Mobile collects about you .
Our employees and contractors are required to keep this information confidential and are subject to disciplinary action for violations .
Retaining Your Information T-Mobile retains information collected about you for only as long as T-Mobile needs such information for business , legal , or tax purposes .
Risk of Loss or Misuse .
Although T-Mobile has strict security requirements for safeguarding the information T-Mobile collects about you , we can not guarantee that such information will not be lost , misused , or altered .
T-Mobile will try to notify you if T-Mobile believes loss , misuse , or alteration of your information creates a risk of identity theft or service disruption to you .
Learn more about how we safeguard customer data
How You Can Update Your Information and Choose How We Contact You
Learn more about how you can correct your information
You may choose not to receive T-Mobile marketing communications by managing your account preferences through my.t-mobile.com .
Noncustomers and customers may complete T-Mobile 's Marketing Communications Preferences form .
Learn more about your choices
Your Role in Protecting Your Privacy
You play an important role in protecting your information .
For more information please see Privacy Resources/Protecting Your Privacy
Privacy Policy Updates and Contact Information
T-Mobile may change the Privacy Policy to increase clarity , if it materially changes its practices , or if the law requires us to update the policy .
If we propose to use Personal Information in a materially different way , we will provide you with notice by posting notice of the changes on our Website for at least 30 days before we implement those changes , and obtain your consent as noted above for any material change regarding disclosure of Personal Information .
Check Back Often .
You should review this Privacy Policy often for changes .
You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the address below :
T-Mobile USA , Inc .
Attn : Chief Privacy Officer
12920 SE 38th Street
Bellevue , Washington 98006
November 21 , 2012
Please click here for Spanish version of the T-Mobile Privacy Policy
Please click here for the T-Mobile Privacy Policy Highlights
T-Mobile USA , Inc .
( `` T-Mobile '' ) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your Personal Information .
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) describes our privacy practices and provides other important privacy information , such as when and how we may change this Policy , and how you can contact us with any questions or comments .
What Types of Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you and your associated device ( s ) and how you use them when you use our products or services or otherwise interact with us .
Examples of the types of information we collect include :
`` Personal Information '' means information that we directly associate with a specific person or entity ( for example , name ; addresses ; telephone numbers ; email address ; Social Security Number ; call records ; wireless device location ) .
Personal information does not include de-identified , anonymous , or aggregate information which are not associated with a specific person or entity .
Customer Proprietary Network Information ( CPNI )
Customer Proprietary Network Information , or `` CPNI '' , is a subset of Personal Information that is generated in connection with the telecommunications services we provide to you .
CPNI includes , for example , call details , call location information , and certain information about your rate plans and features .
CPNI does not include your name , address , and phone number .
For more information see Privacy Resources/Customer Proprietary Network Information
Credit and Financial Information
We collect information about your credit card or banking information , Social Security Number , and credit history for account opening , management and billing and collection purposes .
Financial information we collect is governed by T-Mobile 's Financial Privacy Policy
Network and Device Information
We collect information about your use of our network and the device ( s ) associated with your account , network data related to WiFi usage and device , and performance information , as well as data relating to your use of our website , applications and other products and services .
We may collect your device 's approximate location whenever it is turned on ( subject to coverage limitations ) .
Performance and Diagnostic Data
We may collect performance and diagnostic data about your use of our network , WiFi services or your device .
For example , we may collect information about the performance of the device , signal strength , dropped calls , data failures , battery strength and other device or network performance issues .
We may also collect information about applications on your device , the fact that an application has been added , when an application is launched or fails to launch , and length of time an application has been running .
When you use a T-Mobile video application , for example T-Mobile TV , on your device , we may collect information about the programs you watch to determine customer viewing habits so that we can tailor video selections to our customers .
Back Up and Cloud Services
Some devices may automatically upload to T-Mobile network servers information you have stored on the device and/or SIM card in order to facilitate specific functions .
For instance , some devices may back-up your address book , photo album , or diagnostic data .
You may choose to disable such uploads , but this may affect functionality of the device or your services .
We may also provide you the ability to upload other information from your device to T-Mobile network servers .
For instance , you may have the option to upload pictures , text messages , recordings , calendars , tasks , or notes .
Collection of Information About Children
We do not knowingly solicit to children to purchase our services or products .
If , however , you authorize a child to use our services or products by providing them a device associated with your T-Mobile account , any information associated with such use will be treated as your information in accordance with this Policy .
If you are the primary account holder , you will have the ability to set the marketing preferences for any other lines on your account , including those for any children to whom you provide a device .
Our websites are not designed to attract children under the age of 13 and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect Personal Information on our websites from anyone under the age of 13 .
We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities ( including wireless Internet browsing ) of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission .
How Information About You Is Collected
T-Mobile collects information about you in three primary ways :
We collect information that you provide to us when you apply for or purchase our products or services and use them , or otherwise communicate with us .
For example , some of the ways you may provide information to us include :
When you sign up for our voice or data services or purchase other products or services , we may collect personal contact , billing , and credit information .
When you establish or modify an online account , we may collect user identification , passwords , and/or security question responses that you will use for future sign-on .
When you interact with our customer service representatives , enter information on our websites , submit survey responses , or pay for services , we may also collect Personal Information and other information .
We may monitor and record phone calls , e-mails , live chats , or other communications between you , your device , and our customer service representatives or other employees or representatives .
Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect a variety of information associated with your use of your device ( on our network or in WiFi mode ) and our products and services , some of which may be associated with you or another user on your account .
For example , some of the ways we may automatically collect information include :
Our systems capture details about the type and location of wireless device ( s ) you use , when the device is turned on , calls and text messages you send and receive ( but not the content of those calls or messages ) , and other data services you use .
We may also gather information about the performance of your device and our network .
Some examples of the types of data collected include : the applications on the device , signal strength , dropped calls , data failures , and other device or network performance issues .
Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies
We may use , or we may engage third-parties to use on our behalf , cookies ( small data text files placed on your computer or device ) or similar technologies to identify your computer or device and record your preferences and other data so that our websites can personalize your visit ( s ) .
We may also use Web beacons ( small graphic images on a Web page or an HTML e-mail ) to monitor interaction with our websites or e-mails .
Web beacons are generally invisible because they are very small ( only 1-by-1 pixel ) and the same color as the background of the Web page or e-mail message .
Depending upon your device or computer , you may be able to set your browser ( s ) to reject cookies or delete cookies , but that may result in the loss of some functionality on our websites .
If we combine or link cookie or Web beacon information with Personal Information , we will treat the combined or linked information as Personal Information under this Policy .
When accessing T-Mobile websites , mobile websites and related applications and widgets designed for your device or web-based experience , we automatically collect certain information about your device and your visit , such as your IP address , browser type , date and time , the Web page you visited before visiting our website , your activities and purchases on our websites , and other analytical information associated with the sites .
When your device 's Web browser utilizes our data services to access non-T-Mobile websites , we automatically capture information associated with your browsing activities , and measure and monitor network and Internet connection performance , throughput , latency , and similar network data .
If you use a voice-controlled application , that application may collect and record your requests and other information from you and your phone .
Information From Other Sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources .
For example , with your consent we may receive credit information from third-party sources before initiating your service , or background information in connection with employment opportunities .
We may also obtain updated address information from our shippers or other vendors .
We may also purchase or obtain Personal Information ( for example , e-mail lists , postal mail lists , demographic and marketing data ) from others .
How We Use Information We Collect About You
We use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes , such as :
To route your calls or message or otherwise provide you with service ;
To provide and bill for products and services you purchase and charge to your T-Mobile account ;
To deliver and confirm products and services you obtain from us ;
To verify your identity and maintain a record of your transactions and interactions with us ;
To provide customer and technical services to you ;
To create , modify , improve , enhance , remove or fix our network , products and services , and their performance ;
To identify and suggest products or services that might interest you ;
To make internal business decisions about current and future product and service offerings ;
To provide you customized user experiences , including personalized product and service offerings ;
To protect our rights , interests , safety and property and that of our customers , service providers and other third parties ; and
To comply with law or as required for legal purposes .
If you submit a job application or rsum , we use the information we collect during the application process to communicate with you and , subject to applicable law , evaluate your qualifications for employment .
We may use Personal Information , including voice print recordings , account information ( such as purchase patterns ) and device information for fraud investigations or prevention .
Information Collected from Cookies
We may also use information collected from cookies or other similar technologies to improve our websites , make recommendations , and complete transactions you request .
We may use information we collect to contact you about T-Mobile or third-party products , services , and offers that we believe you may find of interest .
We may contact you by telephone , postal mail , e-mail , or other methods .
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time as outlined below in Choices Regarding Use of Your Information .
We do not publish directories of our customers ' wireless numbers ; nor will we provide or make such numbers available to third-parties for listing in their public directories , without the customer 's prior consent .
Performance , Diagnostics & Management
Information collected by T-Mobile from devices , our network and WiFi usage permits T-Mobile to perform diagnostic analyses and understand how your device is performing overall .
Diagnostic data helps T-Mobile troubleshoot technical issues related to your device 's performance such as battery life , dropped calls , processing speed , device memory , service coverage , and network and WiFi signal strength that you and other customers may experience .
If you are using a device in WiFi mode , we may collect information about that usage , such as the routing address and IP address .
T-Mobile also may use diagnostic data to identify and recommend products and services .
We use location information to route wireless communications and to provide 911 service , which allows emergency services to locate you or your device .
We may disclose , without your consent , the approximate location of a wireless device to a governmental entity or law enforcement authority when we are served with lawful process or reasonably believe there is an emergency involving risk of death or serious physical harm .
Depending on your device , you may also be able to obtain a wide array of services based on the location of your device ( for example , driving directions , enhanced 411 Directory Assistance , find my device or search results , etc . ) .
These data services , known as Location-Based Services ( LBS ) are made available by T-Mobile and other entities , usually via applications .
These services use various location technologies and acquire location data from various sources .
These applications and services use various location technologies ( including Global Positioning Satellite ( GPS ) , Assisted GPS ( AGPS ) , cell ID and enhanced cell ID technologies ) to identify the approximate location of a device , which is often then used in conjunction with the application to enhance the user 's experience ( for example , to provide driving directions , to provide enhanced 411 Directory Assistance or search results , etc . )
LBS may , or may not , involve any interaction with or dependency on T-Mobile 's network , and location-based services may or may not look to T-Mobile 's network to obtain location data .
Where T-Mobile allows third parties the capability of accessing data about your location that is derived from the T-Mobile network , we require those third parties to observe specific privacy and security protections consistent with this policy .
It is important that you understand the location capabilities and settings of your device , and that you carefully read and understand the terms under which these services are provided whether by T-Mobile or another entity .
You should carefully review the privacy policies and other terms of third-parties with whom you have authorized the sharing of your location information , and you should consider the risks involved in disclosing your location information to other people .
Where T-Mobile itself provides a location-based service , you will receive notice of the location features of the service and collection of location data is with your consent .
You will be provided options for managing when and how LBS information should be shared ( except in the case of certain parental controls or similar services associated with enterprise or multi-line accounts for example , T-Mobile 's FamilyWhereTM services which may be managed solely by the primary account holder or their designee , but always with notice to the end-user ) .
T-Mobile follows the CTIA 's Best Practices Guidelines for Location-Based Services , which are available here .
For more information on location services , see Privacy Resources/Location Services
You may see advertisements when you visit our websites , mobile websites , mobile applications , or on your device .
T-Mobile may help advertisers better reach T-Mobile customers by providing certain information , including device type , geographic information , language preferences or demographic information obtained from other companies to allow advertisers to determine which ads may be more relevant to you .
However , we do not share Personal Information outside of T-Mobile without your consent .
Some examples of the types of advertising you might see include :
T-Mobile Ads on T-Mobile Websites .
T-Mobile may provide advertisements , such as banner ads , on our Websites , mobile websites , and in mobile applications and widgets you may download , access or use on your device .
Other Company Ads on T-Mobile Websites .
You may also see third-party advertisements on some T-Mobile Websites , services , or applications , or devices .
These third-party advertisers , or their ad networks , may place or access cookies , web beacons , or similar technologies on your device , or use your device identifier , and may collect certain anonymous or de-identified information about your visit on our websites .
The third-party advertisers who provide these ads may use this information to provide you with advertising on our websites , as well as on other websites .
T-Mobile does not have control over or access to any information contained in the cookies that are set on your computer or device by ad servers , ad networks , or third-party advertisers .
T-Mobile Ads on Non-T-Mobile Websites .
We may ask third-parties to place advertisements about our products and services on other websites .
The use of cookies , Web beacons , or similar technologies by such third-parties on other websites is subject to any applicable privacy policies that they may have , not this Policy .
Other Company Ads on Non-T-Mobile Websites .
We may share de-identified information with third parties so that they may use it to tailor ads to your interests .
You may receive ads from T-Mobile and its ad providers that are tailored to your interests .
These interest-based ads are selected based on your use of T-Mobile services and products as well as other information obtained by us and our ad providers .
None of this information is Personal Information .
T-Mobile does not provide your Personal Information to third-party advertisers without your consent .
Advertising may be tailored to the interests that advertisers have inferred from your browsing of our Websites or other Websites with which the third-party is affiliated as an ad server or ad network .
We may provide third-party advertisers with aggregated or anonymous , de-identified , demographic or similar data ( unrelated to your browsing activities ) that does not personally identify you .
This data may be used by advertisers to help tailor their ads on our Websites , and on other sites .
T-Mobile and our providers may use an anonymous profile of your Web-browsing activity and interests .
This profile does not contain information that identifies you personally , but may include a unique or encrypted identifier that enables your device to be matched to a profile of your browsing activity and anonymous characteristics about your interests .
When we use information associated with your web browsing activities on nonT-Mobile websites to provide interest-based advertising or offers of T-Mobile or third-party products or services , we will provide you with notice and appropriate choice .
Choices about Advertising .
On Your Mobile Device .
Where we offer interest based ads , you can opt-out of certain interest-based advertising by clicking on the ad options link on or near the advertisement or by clicking here .
If you turn off interest-based ads , you will still see just as many ads , but the ads may not be based on your interests and may be less relevant to you .
Your choice only affects the ads you see on websites you access on your device .
If your device 's browser cookies are deleted , or your device is reset , you may need to reset the interest-based ads feature .
If you are using your device , but are not on the T-Mobile network ( such as a WiFi network ) , T-Mobile and our ad providers may not be able to identify your ad choices .
On Your Computer or Non-Mobile Device .
Third-party advertisers or ad networks operating on our Websites are required to participate in the opt-out process established by the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) .
To learn more , or to opt-out of the automatic collection of information by these parties , please visit the NAI site .
If you opt out , you will continue to receive the same number of ads on our websites , but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests .
You may still see ads related to content on a Web page or in an application or based on other nonpersonal information .
Please note that this opt-out is cookie-based .
If you change computers or devices , change Web browsers , or delete cookies , you will need to visit the NAI site and opt-out again .
When We Share Information Collected About You
We do not sell , license , rent , or otherwise provide your Personal Information to unaffiliated third-parties ( parties outside the T-Mobile corporate family ) to market their services or products to you without your consent .
We may , however , disclose your information to unaffiliated third-parties as follows :
We may disclose Personal Information about you to third-parties with your consent .
We may obtain your consent in writing ; online , through `` click-through '' agreements ; or other manifestations of assent ; when you accept the terms of disclosures on your phone for certain applications or services ; orally , in our stores or on the phone , including through interactive voice response , or implicitly , for example , when you purchase a product and ask that it be shipped to your home , consenting to our disclosure of your name and address to a third-party shipping company to complete delivery .
To the Primary Account Holder
We may disclose information about an account user to the primary account holder ( the party financially responsible for the account ) .
If a business , governmental agency , or other individual obtains service for you , that entity or individual is our customer , and we may provide information about you or your use of the service , products or devices to them or others at their direction .
When you are the primary account holder , but you receive special or discounted pricing , terms , or other benefits through another party 's agreement with us ( for example , an employee discount ) , we may provide enough information to that party to verify your initial and continuing eligibility for benefits under their agreement with us and to calculate any associated discounts .
To Our Service Providers
We may disclose information to third-party vendors and partners who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf ( for example , credit/debit card processing , billing , shipping , repair , customer service , auditing , and marketing ) .
These third parties are permitted to use the information only for the purpose provided to them and only in a manner consistent with this Policy .
Third-Party Carriers and Suppliers
If you are roaming on the network of another carrier , your wireless telephone number , your location , the numbers you dial , and other information about your usage will be available to that carrier to facilitate that service .
Additionally , services and functionality offered through certain devices are sometimes provided in conjunction with entities other than T-Mobile .
As a result , Personal Information from your devices may be uploaded and stored on their servers .
For instance , BlackBerry service is provided in conjunction with Research in Motion ( RIM ) , and Personal Information from your device is stored on their BlackBerry Enterprise ServersTM .
Their specific terms and conditions , terms of use , and privacy polices apply to those services .
In a Business Transfer
We may disclose information about you as part of a corporate business transaction , such as a merger or acquisition , joint venture , corporate reorganization , financing , or sale of company assets , or in the unlikely event of insolvency , bankruptcy , or receivership , in which such information could be transferred to third-parties as a business asset in the transaction .
For Legal Process & Protection of T-Mobile and Others
We may disclose Personal Information , and information about you , or your communications , where we have a good faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary :
To satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request ;
To enforce or apply agreements , or initiate , render , bill , and collect for services and products ( including to collection agencies in order to obtain payment for T-Mobile products and services ) ;
To protect our rights or interests , property or safety or that of others ;
In connection with claims , disputes , or litigation in court or elsewhere ;
To protect users of our services and other carriers or providers from fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful use of , or subscription to , such services ;
To facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes , fees , or other obligations due to a local , state , or federal government ; or
In an emergency situation .
Co-Sponsored Websites and Partners
If you provide information to us in connection with a co-sponsored Website , this Policy will apply to our use of the information and the co-sponsor 's policy will apply to their use of the information .
If you purchase equipment or activate service at one of our partner 's locations , they may request information from you that is passed to T-Mobile as part of the activation process , but which may also be retained by the partner .
This Policy will govern T-Mobile 's use of such information , and the partner 's privacy policy will govern its use of such information .
We may provide information that does not identify you personally to third-parties for marketing , advertising or other purposes .
Third-Party Applications for Your Devices
T-Mobile is not responsible for the third-party applications ( for example , applications , programs , widgets , etc . ) you select and install on your device .
When you install third party applications , you may give your consent for the third party to access information stored on the device and on T-Mobile 's network to facilitate the application 's functions ( for example , you may consent to third-party access to your location information see Location Based Services ) .
The manner in which such third-parties may use , share , or disclose such information is governed by the terms and conditions and privacy policy provided by that third party not by this Policy .
For more information , see Privacy Resources/Device Apps
How We Store and Protect the Information Collected About You
We use a variety of physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure while it is under our control .
For instance , when you provide sensitive information ( such as credit card numbers ) to our websites , we use transmission encryption technologies like Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) .
Of course , no one can guarantee that loss , misuse , or alteration of information will never occur , but we strive to prevent such occurrences .
We provide password protected online access to your account information through my.t-mobile.com .
For multi-line accounts , the primary account holder is authorized to access online account information for all the devices and lines on the account .
Other users may generally access online account information related only to their respective device and line ( for example , if a parent provides a device to their child , the child may access online information about that device and line including CPNI ) .
The primary account holder , however , may designate additional or more limited access rights for other users on the account .
Under federal law , you have a right , and we have a duty , to protect the confidentiality of CPNI and we have adopted policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with those rules .
We will not intentionally disclose your CPNI to third-parties without your permission , except as allowed under FCC rules , applicable law , or explained in this Policy .
However , if you are the primary account holder , you may designate other authorized users ( for example , a spouse ) to access and manage your account information , including CPNI .
For more information see Privacy Resources/Customer Proprietary Network Information
Our practices and procedures are designed to limit information access to those T-Mobile employees and agents with a legitimate need for access .
T-Mobile employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and our Code of Conduct , which obligate them to protect the confidentiality of our customers ' information .
Violations subject employees to disciplinary action , which can include termination .
We retain information only for as long as we have a business or tax need or as applicable laws , regulations , or government orders require .
When we dispose of Personal Information , we use reasonable procedures designed to erase or render it unreadable ( for example , shredding documents and wiping electronic media ) .
We require our third-party vendors to comply with strict requirements around security , retention , use and destruction of any personal information we provide to them or that they collect on our behalf .
We will make attempts to notify you if we determine that a security breach involving your Personal Information has occurred and creates a risk of identity theft or service disruption , or as otherwise required by law .
How You Can Update Your Information and Choose How We Contact You
Access to Your Information
You may access and modify your contact information by visiting my.t-mobile.com or a T-Mobile retail store , or by contacting Customer Service .
You may also contact us using the information in the How to Contact Us section below .
Choices Regarding Use of Your Information
A T-Mobile marketing communication is when we contact you directly about offers for service or products we sell using your Personal Information .
We want to provide you with meaningful choices regarding our marketing communications and you may choose to limit or opt-out of some marketing communications from T-Mobile at any time .
Although you may elect not to receive marketing information from us , if you subscribe to our services or buy our products , you will continue to receive invoices , customer-service and transactional notices , and similar communications .
The Primary Account Holder can configure options for marketing communications for all lines on the account .
If you are a T-Mobile customer and you manage your account online , you can manage your preferences regarding marketing communications by logging into your my.t-mobile.com profile .
If you do not manage your account online , or you are not a current T-Mobile customer , you may manage your preferences regarding marketing communications here .
You may also manage your preferences regarding marketing communications by contacting Customer Service by dialing 611 from your T-Mobile phone or 1-800-937-8997 from any phone , or , with respect to marketing e-mails , by following the unsubscribe instructions on any marketing e-mail we send you .
See also Privacy Resources/Marketing Choice
Marketing communications , which may use your Personal Information , are not the same as advertisements , which do not use your Personal Information .
You may still receive advertising on your device through your use of Web services and applications or when visiting T-Mobile websites , mobile websites or related applications or widgets .
We work hard to reduce unsolicited advertising , spam , and SMShing , but we can not block all such advertisements or unwanted communications .
Not all marketing communications you receive on your device are sent or authorized by T-Mobile .
When you provide your contact information to others , or even based on random contacts , you may receive unwanted calls , text messages , or e-mails on your device .
Putting your number on these Registries also may limit our telemarketing calls to that number .
Your Role in Protecting Your Privacy
Protecting Your Personal Information
You play an important role in ensuring the security of Personal Information .
We encourage you to use safeguards to protect your information and devices .
For more information please see Privacy Resources/Protecting Your Privacy .
UptopOTHER INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW
Consumer Code for Wireless Service
We follow the Consumer Code for Wireless Service established by the Cellular Telecommunications & Internet Association ( CTIA ) .
In doing so , we want to help customers understand their bills , receive quality service , and make informed choices and conform our information practices under this Policy to meet the requirements of applicable federal and state laws and regulations .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798 entitles California customers to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
As stated in this Policy , T-Mobile will not sell or share your Personal Information with non-T-Mobile companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent .
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section below .
This Policy does not modify or alter any applicable agreement you have with T-Mobile .
For example , our Terms of Use govern your use of our websites .
Additionally , if you use our products or use or subscribe to our services , our T-Mobile Terms and Conditions , one or more applicable service agreements , and certain other terms may apply to your use , purchase , or subscription .
If this Policy conflicts with any portion of those terms and agreements , those terms and agreements govern to the extent of the inconsistency .
Privacy Policy Updates and Contact Information
How We Communicate Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy to provide clarification of our practices .
If we make changes , we will revise the date at the top of the Policy .
If we propose to use Personal Information in a materially different way , we will provide you with notice by posting notice of the changes on our Website for at least 30 days before we implement those changes , and obtain your consent as noted above for any material change regarding disclosure of Personal Information .
You should refer to this Policy often for the latest information and the effective date of any changes .
How to Contact Us
You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the address below :
T-Mobile USA , Inc .
Attn : Chief Privacy Officer
12920 SE 38th Street
Bellevue , Washington 98006

Testosterone Publishing , LLC Privacy Policy
Information about the Company and its Web Site
This privacy policy covers Testosterone Publishing , LLC , a limited-liability company based in the USA ( `` Testosterone '' ) , as well as any of the company 's affiliates and web sites .
Testosterone 's principal activity is the manufacturing , sales , and distribution of nutritional supplements .
Testosterone Publishing , LLC
City , Zip Code :
Colorado Springs , 80960-6310
Web Site ( s ) :
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
Testosterone affords its web site visitors the opportunity to access the company 's home page and browse its web site without disclosing any personal data .
The company 's web site does not automatically log personal data , nor does it link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals .
It does not use `` cookies '' to store personal data , nor does it link non-personal information stored in such cookies with personal data about specific individuals .
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
Testosterone collects any personal data that visitors may volunteer while using the company 's web services .
The company does not , however , collect information about its web visitors obtained from other sources , such as public records , and public or private organizations .
If you wish to access a table outlining the types of personal data that Testosterone collects , and/or to learn the purposes for which this data is used , please click here
Testosterone does not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than those outlined in this table .
The company may wish to use the personal data of its visitors for new purposes ; in this event , it does not provide its visitors with any prior opportunity to consent to such new purposes .
Testosterone does not knowingly collect personal data from children .
The company takes no specific steps to protect the privacy of those children who disclose such personal data .
The company does not provide either on its home page or at other sites at which it collects personal data information concerning its personal data collection practices as these relate to children .
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
Testosterone does not disclose any of the personal data it collects to outside groups or organizations .
Testosterone offers its web site visitors the option of using a secure transmission method to submit the following types of personal data :
primary personal data ( such as name and contact details )
identifiers ( such as credit card information and web site passwords )
The company has implemented policies , rules , and technical measures designed to protect the personal data it collects from the following confidentiality and/or security breaches :
improper use or disclosure
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All Testosterone employees and data processors as well as any other persons who have access to and/or who are associated with the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of such data .
The company pledges that no personal data it collects will ever be disclosed to any state or federal institutions or authorities , unless doing so is expressly required by law or other governmental regulation .
Access to Your Personal Data
You can employ any of the following methods to determine whether Testosterone is storing personal data about you :
postal mail to the company 's address ( PO Box 60310 , Colorado Springs , CO 80960-0310 )
the company 's telephone number ( 1-719-473-5500 )
At your request , Testosterone will provide you with a readable copy of all your personal data that it is storing .
The company normally forwards this copy to you ( free of charge ) within a week of its receipt of the request .
Be prepared , of course , to provide proof of your identity .
You may challenge the validity of any data about you that Testosterone stores ; and , when and where appropriate , you may have the data :
Testosterone reserves the right to refuse to provide its visitors with copies of their personal data stores , but the company will present sufficient explanations in such cases .
You may challenge any such refusals by the company .
No national laws or self-regulatory schemes govern our web site or organization .
No global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes govern our web site or organization .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy , please contact the following :
PO Box 60310 , Colorado Springs , Colorado 80960-0310
Testosterone is not aware of any other means by which the concerns of its web site visitors can be adequately addressed .
Personal Data Collected and Uses of this Data
Primary Personal Data/Business Information
X Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Trading in Personal Data
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Trading in Personal Data
Other Personal Details and Profiling Data
Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Ads not by this site
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Trading in Personal Data
Lifestyle or Personal Tastes
X Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Trading in Personal Data
Identifiers Assigned by Public Bodies
Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations
Technical Administration of the Web Site
Trading in Personal Data
Racial or Ethnic Origin
Religious or Philosophical Beliefs
Police/Justice Data Such as Civil/Criminal Actions Brought By or Against the Visitor

Updated as of December 10 , 2013
Tagged is a social discovery website that lets you meet and interact with new people and stay in touch with friends .
Like any website that offers a service where you register and provide information about yourself or your opinions , it is wise to pay attention to your personal information .
At Tagged we understand this , and have established this Privacy Policy to explain how information is collected on our website , and how this information is used .
Members Must Be 18 years of age or older .
Tagged is intended solely for use by persons 18 years of age or older .
All persons under 18 are prohibited from registering on Tagged .
How Does Tagged Protect Children 's Privacy
The safety and privacy of children is extremely important to us .
Tagged is a general audience web site that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Our registration process is designed to restrict children under the age of 13 from becoming members of Tagged and using our site .
If we receive information suggesting that a user who has registered with Tagged is under the age of 13 , we require the user to provide evidence confirming that the user is at least 13 years old .
If the user fails to provide such information within 48 hours , we immediately terminate the user 's account and nullify all personally identifiable information displaying on the site .
What Is the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) requires that commercial web sites obtain parental consent ( under most circumstances ) prior to the collection of any personally identifiable information from children whom they know to be under the age of 13 .
In addition , COPPA requires that web sites that collect personal information from children under the age of 13 provide parents with :
Parents must be provided notice regarding what information is collected , how the information will be used , and with whom the information may be shared .
The ability to prevent further use of the information collected about the child and prevent any future collection of personal information from the child .
The ability to access and review their child 's personal information .
COPPA also limits the amount of personal information a web site can collect from a child .
Web sites may not collect any more personal information than is necessary to participate in a given game or activity .
For more information about COPPA , please visit the Federal Trade Commission 's web site .
If you would like to know more about our site , information practices , stored information about your child , or how to close your child 's account , please contact Tagged by sending a letter to Tagged.com , 110 Pacific Ave Mall , Box # 117 , San Francisco , CA 94111 or by submitting a request at help.tagged.com .
We will happily respond to all letters from parents with Privacy questions or concerns .
User Information Collected by Tagged
Personally Identifiable User Information
All users begin using Tagged 's services by registering on the Tagged website .
When registering , users provide personally identifiable information , which includes their first and last name , email address , zip code , a user-chosen password , and date of birth , and other personal information .
To complete the registration process , Tagged sends a validation email message to each user , with a URL link back to our website .
This URL contains an alphanumeric identifier and a user-specific numeric passcode that allows us to confirm the user 's identity .
Cookies and Passive Data Collection
Tagged logs standard user information and clickstream data for all users , including a user 's IP address , operating system , and page views .
When users visit particular pages within Tagged , a UserID may be placed in the URL , allowing customized features for the user .
Users should be aware that other websites visited before entering Tagged might place personally identifiable information within a user 's URL during a visit to their website , and Tagged has no control over such websites .
Accordingly , some of this information may be logged by a subsequent website that collects URL information .
In addition to the standard log information , Tagged uses a variety of technologies to create a more personalized experience for its users .
Cookies are small data files sent by websites to a user 's browser and hard drive that identify the computer to the website .
We use cookies to allow enhanced features , such as allowing registered users to bypass typing their passwords before entering the website .
We may also use cookies to enable customizable content for users , as they become available .
Users have the option , within their Internet browsers , to disable cookies and continue to access the Tagged website .
Pixel tags are tiny graphic files that are included in HTML-encoded e-mail messages .
We use pixel tags to gather information about the e-mails we send to our registered users .
When such a message is opened in an HTML-capable e-mail program , the recipient 's computer accesses our server to retrieve the pixel tag file , and allows us to record and store the date and time , the recipient 's e-mail address , and other standard logging information .
The pixel tag also may read cookies .
Tagged web pages may also contain similar pixel tags that allow us to count users who have visited those pages , to compile aggregated statistics about site usage , and to deliver co-branded services as they become available .
Tagged pixel tags collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the pixel tag resides .
You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely .
However , unless you accept cookies , you will not have access to certain Tagged services .
Tagged web pages may also contain pixel tags placed there by third party ad servers , to monitor the effectiveness of their advertising .
We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' cookies or how they may be used .
If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here .
Other local storage .
We , along with our partners and vendors , use other kinds of local storage , such as Local Shared Objects ( also referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) and HTML5 local storage , in connection with the Tagged services .
Sometimes called `` browser cookies , '' these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences .
However , these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies .
Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls .
For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects , please click here .
Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of Tagged .
We , along with our partners and vendors , may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server , including so-called `` pixel tags , '' `` web beacons , '' `` clear GIFs , '' or similar means ( collectively , `` Pixel Tags '' ) .
Pixel Tags , which can be embedded in web pages , videos , or emails , can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser , check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message , and determine , among other things , the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag , the IP address of your computer , and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed .
We use Pixel Tags to improve your Tagged experience , including to provide you with content customized to your interests .
All personal information collected by Tagged in connection with your use of the Tagged website , including , without limitation , your name , location , email address , pictures , friend connections , messages , comments , login information , ip addresses and other data , will be stored by Tagged indefinitely in a safe and secure manner .
How Tagged Uses the User Information
Tagged uses personally identifiable user information for the purposes of the Tagged website , the Tagged referral and friend list building .
Personally identifiable information including members ' pictures and names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction on Tagged .
Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Tagged and to add users to members ' friends ' networks .
To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service , Tagged allows users to search for other members using first and last name , email address , location and schools where users may have attended .
We also use email addresses to send useful information to all registered users regarding the Tagged website .
For example , we provide users with an opportunity to send their friends invitations to join Tagged .
The user can send such invitations either by entering the email address of the referral or importing an address book and selecting the specific email addresses that they would like to invite .
This results in an email being sent from that registered user to the referral address , encouraging the referral to sign up on the Tagged website .
If the referred person does not sign up within a few days , we may also send a reminder from the registered user to the referral address .
All registered users will be able to view other users Stats , Profiles , Public Journals and friend list pages , which may include personal information and responses to survey questions .
From time to time , Tagged may share the email address and/or other personally identifiable information of any registered user with third parties for marketing purposes .
In addition , Tagged may share a registered user 's email address with third parties to target advertising and to improve user experience on Tagged 's pages in general .
Cookies and Passive Data Collection
Tagged uses cookie , IP address , clickstream and URL information to improve the content of the Tagged website , the quality of Tagged servers , and to provide enhanced features to users , where available .
We use cookies to save UserIDs , session validators , and on users ' browsers and hard drives , and may use them to provide tailored products or services to those users , as they become available .
We also cross-match user information with information collected from cookies and clickstream data in order to test features of the Tagged website , and to better personalize our various offerings for users .
IP Addresses also help us to diagnose problems with our server , to administer the Tagged site , and to otherwise provide the Tagged service to its users .
IP addresses may be disclosed to a third party if we believe in good faith that the law or legal process so requires , or to protect the rights or property of Tagged or others .
From time to time we may extend various offers from various partner companies , including news or additional details on products and services .
A user 's usage history may result in specifically tailored special offer screens or products .
We may also produce aggregate reports for advertisers .
For example , we may report to advertisers the number of users who clicked on an ad , or the number of users that visited different portions of the Tagged website .
This information will not include personally identifiable information about a user , or a specific user 's online usage patterns .
Tagged allows Members to provide information to a profile and/or journal entries that is accessible to other users .
We use this profile information for the purposes of providing our services to you , such as to analyze demographics , to better personalize our various offerings for users , or to enable other users to find your profile .
All information , including any personally identifiable information , which is disclosed by users in his or her public profile and journal entries are available for others to see .
Please do not post direct contact information in either your profile or your journal , such as your email addresses , URLs , instant messenger IDs , phone numbers , full names , or addresses .
We also caution you not to share sensitive information ( such as social security numbers , credit card numbers , and driver 's license numbers ) with other users whom you do not know or place such information in your profile .
You are aware that when you publish content or information using the `` everyone '' setting , you are allowing everyone , including people off Tagged , to access that information and to associate it with you .
Sharing Your Content and Information
Tagged allows Members to upload and share content and information .
You own the content and information that you post on Tagged and have the ability to control how it is shared through your privacy settings .
For content that is covered by intellectual property rights , including but not limited to photos , videos and written compositions ( IP Content ) , you specifically give us the following permission : you grant us a non-exclusive , transferable , sublicensable , royalty-free , worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Tagged ( `` IP License '' ) .
For example , Tagged may make commercial use and/or otherwise display your name and/or IP Content in or in connection with endorsements of and/or advertisements promoting Tagged and its Services .
This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account , unless your content has been shared with others , and they have not deleted the content .
When you delete IP content it is removed from the website .
However , you understand that we may maintain backup copies of the content , as part of our document retention policy .
The Invite Friends feature is an easy way for Tagged users to invite friends through email .
The email address ( es ) that you supply to use this service will only be used to send invitations , and in some cases invitation reminders , to connect with you on Tagged .
At various times we may offer surveys or contests to users .
Surveys may ask for contact , demographic or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results .
Contests may require contact information or other demographic or personally identifiable information in order to determine eligibility .
Tagged may use information collected from surveys and contests for the entertainment of users , and to determine , notify and contact winners of various contests .
In addition , users ' demographic and/or personally identifiable information and responses to survey and contest questions may be used by Tagged and/or shared with third parties in order to provide specifically tailored special offers or advertisements .
Tagged will not share a user 's email address with third parties unless the user specifically opts-in to such sharing during the completion of or registration for a survey or contest .
Third Party Links and Ad Servers
Please be aware that links to third party websites and third-party ad server advertisements that are found on Tagged may , or may not , use cookies , pixel tags and web tags .
Tagged may provide links to third party websites , which may , or may not , use cookies , pixel tags and web tags .
Ad servers may also use these tools to compile information about where users saw particular advertisements , and to determine which ads were clicked on .
We are not responsible for , or have any control over , the privacy policies of those third party websites and ad servers , and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when linking directly from Tagged .
Protection of Tagged and Others
Tagged may disclose personally identifiable user information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process .
Tagged may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others , in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms of Service ; respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties ; respond to your requests for customer service ; or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Tagged , its users or the general public .
Tagged uses industry standard security measures to prevent the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected by the Tagged website in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public , we can not guarantee complete security .
Further , while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems , we can not guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party `` hackers '' from illegally obtaining this information .
Updating or Removing User Information
As a registered user , you may , at any time , choose to correct or update the information you have submitted to us .
This may be done by the following method :
Log in to your Tagged account on our website .
Click the `` Account '' link on the top right hand corner .
Change or edit any of the information there .
Users can manage their mailing preferences to specify which type of email to opt out of on their Account Settings page when they are logged in , simply by un-checking the boxes under the Email Preferences section , indicating which type of email they would not like to receive .
Canceling one 's account will also prevent a user from receiving future communications from Tagged , and Tagged will not share the user 's information with third parties for marketing purposes .
However , you may still receive a user generated invitation from your friends asking you to join Tagged .
We at Tagged.com are opposed to spam .
Our No Spam Policy and Terms of Service prohibit all users from engaging in any activity involving spam on our service .
Violations of these policies may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any spammer .
Tagged 's Terms of Service expressly prohibit users from uploading , posting , emailing , transmitting or otherwise making available junk mail , commercial advertisements , or other form of commercial solicitation on the Tagged website or through Tagged 's services .
Any violation of our policies , by sending unsolicited email advertisements to or through Tagged.com computer systems , will use or cause to be used Tagged.com servers , located in California .
Accordingly , any unauthorized use of Tagged.com computer systems is a violation of our policies and certain federal and state laws , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ( 18 U.S.C . sect 1030 et seq . ) , Section 502 of the California Penal Code and Section 17538.45 of the California Business and Professions Code .
Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties .
In the event of a change in ownership , or a direct merger or acquisition with another entity , we reserve the right to transfer all of Tagged 's user information , including email addresses and postal addresses , to a separate entity .
All registered users will be notified of any change in ownership , merger or acquisition of Tagged 's assets by a third party , and may choose to modify any of their registration information at that time .
Revisions to This Policy
Tagged reserves the right to revise , amend , or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner .
Notice of any revision , amendment , or modification will be posted on the website , and a user 's continued use of Tagged will signify agreement to such changes .
Users with questions about this Privacy Policy and any of the aforementioned statements may contact Tagged by sending a letter to Tagged.com , 110 Pacific Ave Mall , Box # 117 , San Francisco , CA 94111 or by submitting a request at help.tagged.com .
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY .
Effective Date December 10 , 2013 .

Please note : this video is only intended to highlight important information contained in the Privacy Policy and is not in any way intended to be a substitute for the official , legally binding document , which is found below .
Effective Date : This Privacy Policy was last revised on December 13 , 2013 .
You may print this document for your records .
It also applies to your use of interactive features , widgets , plug-ins ( like the Take Action Platform ) , applications , content , downloads or other services : ( i ) that we own or control and make available through a Site ; or ( ii ) that posts a link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , with the Sites , the TakePart Website and the Take Action Platform , the `` Service '' ) .
It applies regardless of how you access or use the Service , whether via personal computers , mobile devices or otherwise .
This Privacy Policy does not , however , apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our Service ( unless otherwise stated below ) and does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with the Service .
To the extent we provide you notice on any Service of different or additional privacy policies or practices ( e.g. , at the point of our collection ) , those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use .
In addition , please review our Terms of Service , which governs your use of the Service .
By using any Service , you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and our collection , use and sharing of your information and data , and other activities , as described below .
You should read this entire Privacy Policy , but to help facilitate your review , here is a partial list of some of the key topics we want to bring to your initial attention that are further detailed below .
The full detailed provisions govern over their respective summaries and headings .
Capitalized terms have the meanings given to them where defined in the Privacy Policy .
Click here for a summary of each section of the Privacy Policy .
You may click on the topic for full details , which govern .
The Service is a distributed experience that may interact with third-party services .
Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply to our Service only and third-party services are subject to third-party terms and policies .
By accessing and using the Service , you acknowledge and consent to our privacy practices detailed in this Privacy Policy and agree to the posted Terms of Service .
In order to prospectively revoke your consent , you must : terminate your account , stop using the Service and uninstall any downloads and applications .
Third parties , including linked sites ( e.g. , Facebook ) , non-profits we work with , advertisers and advertising service providers , collect information about you in connection with your use of the Service ( e.g. , Usage Information ) .
Further , third parties use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service , which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services .
Their privacy policies , not ours , govern their practices .
Currently , we do not monitor or take any action with respect to third party signals for the expression of choice regarding collection of information about an individual over time and across third-party web sites or online services ( e.g. , browser do not track signals ) , but you may have certain other options regarding tracking and/or targeting .
We and third parties that interact with our Service may use technologies to track your activities on and off of the Service to better understand how to serve you , and based on this information you may be served with targeted content , social action opportunities and advertising .
You may exercise certain opt-out elections regarding this .
The Service is a social media experience and your activities on or related to the Service , including your social actions and media consumption , may be shared with others on and off of the Service ( e.g. , Gabe signed the stop plastic grocery bags petition , you should too ) .
In addition , you will have the opportunity to create a Profile , which Profile information will be available to others .
However , we may provide you with settings to exercise certain options regarding such sharing .
We give you the opportunity to exercise choice regarding our sharing of your Personal Information with non-Affiliate third parties for their direct marketing purposes , but our Affiliates ( e.g. , Participant Media ) automatically have access to your Personal Information to market to you .
California residents may request information about our sharing of certain information with our Affiliates for direct marketing .
Click here for more information .
It is important that you read and understand the entire Privacy Policy before using the Service .
To ease review , each section below includes , as a courtesy , a heading and brief introductory summary linked to the full explanation , which full provision governs over headings and summaries .
Click on the headings and the Read more links to be taken to the details .
Capitalized terms that appear but are not otherwise defined in the introduction have the meanings given to them elsewhere in the Privacy Policy , and you can click on them to go to that definition .
What Information Does the Service Collect ?
We collect and receive information about you as you interact with our Service , explained further in this section .
Information You Provide To Us
We collect certain Personal Information and Demographic Information that you provide to us when you interact with the Service .
For example , we may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service , including newsletter registration forms , through contact us forms , by taking an action such as signing an online petition , or when you otherwise interact with the Service .
Information We Collect and Store as You Access and Use the Service
We may collect certain information from you automatically when you access and use the Service .
For example , we and third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Usage Information ( i.e. , non-Personal Information ) based on your Device Identifier for a variety of purposes , including tracking , targeting , and advertising , which may include activities across time and third party locations .
We do not look for or respond to do not track signals , but you avoid such tracking by not using the Service .
You may have certain other choices regarding tracking and/or targeting .
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may obtain information about you from third parties .
This helps us learn more about how to send you relevant content and ads .
To the extent this information is combined by us with Personal Information we collect via the Service , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
The privacy policies of those third parties , not this Privacy Policy , govern those parties ' data practices .
Interaction with Third-Party Sites
If you interact with third-party sites , those sites may send us information about you and you or we may send them information about you .
For example , if register for an account to access the Service , you may use Facebook Connect as part of the registration process and Facebook will automatically provide us with certain information you provided to Facebook .
Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may provide us information about others , such as when you send a friend a message .
If so , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , mobile number , etc . ) may be used to facilitate the communication , but will not be used for other marketing purposes unless your friend consents .
You may be identified to the friend in connection with such message .
How Do We Use the Information Collected ?
We use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes detailed in this section .
For example , we use the information collected about you to help deliver a more personalized and relevant experience to users on our Service and to better understand how to effectively advertise and provide you the opportunity to take actions for causes that you care about .
However , you have the opportunity to exercise certain opt-out options .
How and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties ?
We may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances detailed in this section , some of which you have choices regarding .
Learn more about how to exercise those choices in this section .
Learn more about how to exercise those choices in this section .
Without limitation , these uses may include :
When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties
If you request information from third parties , request that we send information to third parties or interact with third-party sites , content , ads or tools ( including Facebook and other third-party share functionality ) we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly .
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
Our vendors may collect your information on our behalf or we may share it with them so that they may provide services to us and you .
Some may offer you choices regarding the collection and use of your information .
To Deliver Social Content and Advertising
We may share or transfer your content and information in connection with our social media features and/or social advertising , which may specifically identify you and your activities ( e.g. , Gary volunteered at his local food bank ) to people associated with you ( such as members of your social networks ) .
However , you have the opportunity to exercise certain opt-out options .
Administrative and Legal Reasons
There are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which we may share some or all of your information .
Affiliates and Business Transfer
We may share your information with our Affiliates or in the event of a sale , merger or similar transaction .
Co-Branded areas may include information collection by us and third parties .
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of your information .
Such third parties ' privacy policies , not ours , govern their practices .
Sweepstakes , Contests and Promotions
Promotions entrants may be required to consent to certain information sharing .
Your California Privacy Rights
Users may opt-out of the sharing of certain information with non-Affiliate third parties for direct marketing by letting us know .
Often you can exercise such choice at the point of collection , and in all cases by contacting our privacy coordinator .
However , we may share your personal information , as defined under California statute , with our Affiliates for their own direct marketing purposes , without checking with you first .
California residents may obtain the categories of personal information shared and the names and addresses of all third parties that received such information for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , requests made in 2013 will receive information about 2012 sharing activities ) .
What About Information I Disclose Publicly or to Others ?
User Generated Content and Public Information
Posting content in public areas makes it available to others .
We may share and use your public information for any reason not otherwise prohibited by this Privacy Policy .
You grant us the right to use your name and likeness in connection with your Service-related posting , content and activities .
If you decide to become a member of the Service , you may choose to create a Profile associated with your account .
We may allow you to populate your Profile with certain content , and we may also associate certain additional content with your Profile based on your interactions with the Service , such as the causes you support and other related activities .
From time to time we may offer you Profile settings that allow you to express choices as to how Profile information is made available and to whom , and we will make reasonable , good faith efforts to honor those choices .
Any Profile content that we allow you to submit must comply with the restrictions set forth in our Terms of Service at all times .
Do Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Sites Appear on the Service ?
We may allow you to access third-party content on the Service , or to link to third-party locations from the Service , but we are not responsible for your interaction with third-party content or locations .
Ads and Information About You
We and third parties may send you ads on the Service , including targeted ads based on your location , information and/or behavior .
If you object , do not use our Service or exercise choices some third parties may offer .
How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences ?
You may change certain account information and communications preferences as more fully detailed in this section .
What About Transfer of Information to the United States ?
If you are located outside of the United States , you consent to your data being transferred to the United States , which has different data protection laws than other countries .
What Should Parents Know About Children ?
We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
If you think we have , let us know and we will take corrective action as required by applicable law .
What About Security ?
No data security is absolute , but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately .
What About Changes to the Privacy Policy ?
We may change this Privacy Policy upon posting of a revised Privacy Policy .
However , we will continue to treat your Personal Information under the terms of the privacy policy in effect when it was collected unless you otherwise consent .
The Full Detailed Privacy Policy
What Information Does the Service Collect
( a ) Information You Provide To Us
Personal Information and Demographic Information .
On the Service , we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as : ( 1 ) personally identifiable information , which is information that identifies you personally , such as your first and last name and e-mail address ( Personal Information ) ; and ( 2 ) demographic information , such as information like your zip code , your gender or occupation ( Demographic Information ) .
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service , including newsletter registration forms , through contact us forms , or when you otherwise interact with the Service .
To the extent we combine Demographic Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service ( e.g. , petition data may include Personal Information such as name and Demographic Information such as zip code or gender ) , we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
( b ) Information We Collect and Store as You Access and Use the Service
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service , we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically ( or passively ) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service ( Usage Information ) .
This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer , browser , laptop , tablet , mobile phone or other device ( a Device ) whenever you visit or interact with our Service .
To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service , we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy .
This Usage Information may include :
your IP address , UDID or other unique identifier ( Device Identifier ) .
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service , and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier ;
your Device functionality ( including browser , operating system , hardware , mobile network information ) ;
the URL that referred you to our Service ;
the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there , including remembering you and your preferences ;
your Device location ;
your Device characteristics ( e.g. , manufacturer and platform ) ; and
certain other Device data , including the time of day of access to ther Service , among other information .
We may use various methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information ( Tracking Technologies ) .
Tracking Technologies may set , change , alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device .
A few of the Tracking Technologies include , without limitation , the following ( and subsequent technology and methods later developed ) :
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Service .
A Flash cookie ( or locally shared object ) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device .
HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage .
Unlike Flash cookies , HTML5 cookies do not require a plug-in .
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers , and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings .
Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard .
Also , these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies .
Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies , Flash cookies , or HTML5 cookies on your Device , some parts of our Service may not function properly , and that when you revisit our Service your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations .
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons ( also known as 1x1 GIFs or clear GIFs ) may be included in our Service 's pages and messages .
Web beacons may be invisible to you , but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon .
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the Service , to monitor how users navigate the Service , to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed .
Collection and analysis of information from your Device , such as , without limitation , your operating system , plug-ins , system fonts and other data , for purposes of identification .
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service , such as the links you click on .
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third-party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Service , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter .
ETag , or entity tag .
A feature of the cache in browsers .
It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL .
If the resource content at that URL ever changes , a new and different ETag is assigned .
Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier .
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP , Flash and/or HTML5 cookies .
We may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes , including :
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Service , including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity , improve security or allow you to make use of shoppingcart functionality .
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the Service , including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content , products or services offered through the Service .
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Service , including identifying you when you signin to our Service or keeping track of our specified preferences , including in terms of the presentation of content on our Service .
We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content , including ads , relevant to your interests on our Service and thirdparty sites based on how you interact with our content .
This includes using Tracking Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the content and advertisements that has been delivered to you .
Further information on this , and your opt-out choices , is found in Section 7 .
There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Service .
Further , third parties may use Tracking Technologies in connection with with our Service , which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services .
We may not control those Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them .
However , you consent to potentially encountering third-party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of our Service and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties .
For more information on our vendors , and their Tracking Technologies , Click here .
For more information on advertising and advertisers , and related Tracking Technologies , Click here .
Also , various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer 's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services ( e.g. , browser do not track signals ) .
Currently , we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms .
For more information on third party programs that may permit you to exercise choice regarding targeted advertising based on such information , Click here .
( c ) Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may receive information about you from your friends and others that use the Service , such as when they submit content to us or post on the Service .
Additionally , we may , from time to time , supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Service with outside records from third parties for various purposes , including to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you .
To the extent we combine information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Service , it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this Privacy Policy to such combined information , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
In no other circumstances do our statements under this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties , even if they have used our technology to collect it and share it with us .
( d ) Interactions with Third-Party Sites
The Service may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Service and your account on a third-party web site or application .
The use of this functionality may involve the third-party operator providing certain information , including Personal Information , to us .
For example , when you register and create a Profile ( defined below ) with the Service , you may have an option to register using your Facebook , LinkedIn , Google+ or other account provided by a third-party Service or application , or otherwise link accounts .
As part of the process of linking your third-party account to the Service , the third-party service or application may send Personal Information about you to the Service If so , we will then treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy , since we are collecting it as a result of your accessing of and interaction on our Service .
In addition , we may provide third-party sites ' interfaces or links on the Service to facilitate your sending a communication from the Service .
For example , we may use third parties to facilitate e-mails , tweets or Facebook postings .
These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties ' practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy .
We may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties .
Further , when you use third-party sites or services , you are using their services and not our Service and they , not we , are responsible for their practices .
You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on or via our Service .
( e ) Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Service , such as sending an invitation to a friend .
If so , the information you provide ( names , e-mail addresses , mobile number , etc . ) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise .
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Service , your e-mail address , mobile number , name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee ( s ) .
How Do We Use the Information Collected
We may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information or Usage Information that is subject to this Privacy Policy : ( 1 ) to improve the Service or our services , to customize your experience on the Service , or to serve you specific content or advertising that is relevant to you ; ( 2 ) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Service 's features such as online entry sweepstakes , contests or other promotions ; ( 3 ) to process your registration with the Service , including verifying your information is active and valid ; ( 4 ) to provide you with information or services or process transactions you have requested or agreed to receive , including to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties ; ( 5 ) to contact you with regard to your use of the Service and , in our discretion , changes to the Service and/or Service policies ; ( 6 ) for internal business purposes ( such as performance analytics ) ; and ( 7 ) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Please note that information submitted to the Service via a contact us or other similar function may not receive a response ; we will not use that information so provided to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your inquiry unless you agree otherwise .
How and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties
We may share non-Personal Information , such as aggregated user statistics , with third parties .
We may also share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities .
We give you the ability to exercise a choice regarding our sharing of your Personal Information with third parties other than our Affiliates for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
For example , when we are collecting Personal Information for specific purposes such as where you are taking a social action , we will provide an opt-in or opt-out choice regarding sharing of your Personal Information with specifically designated third parties for them to send you promotional information .
We will never just provide your Personal Information from our general database with non-Affiliate third parties for them to send you direct marketing messages without you having first been given the option to opt-in or opt-out of that transfer .
However , we may share your Personal Information with our Affiliates such as Participant Media without checking with you first , but California residents may obtain certain information about that as explained in Section 3 ( h ) below .
Please note that opting in or out for the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing is not an opt-out of social ads or the public nature of User Content ( defined below ) .
For more about how to control social ads , see Section 3 ( c ) .
For more information on User Content , see Section 4 ( a ) .
In addition , we may share the information we have collected about you ( including Personal Information ) for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy .
( a ) When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties .
You may be presented with an option on the Service to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties or to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it .
If you choose to do so , your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third party privacy policies and practices of such third parties .
In addition , third parties may store , collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their Tracking Technologies , content , tools apps or ads on the Service or link to them from our Service .
This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest or other third-party posting or content sharing tools and by so interacting you consent to such third party practices .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and , therefore , you should review such third party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them .
( b ) Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf .
We may use third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Service , such as hosting the Service , designing and/or operating the Service 's features , tracking the Service 's activities and analytics , and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services .
We may provide these vendors with access to user information , including Device Identifiers and Personal Information , to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us .
Third party analytics service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you , separate from our Service , including your Personal Information .
We are not responsible for those third-party technologies or activities arising out of them .
However , some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices , and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here .
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties ' opt-out options .
( c ) To Deliver Social Content and Advertising .
We , and others we work with may use your Personal Information , Demographic Information and/or Usage Information we have collected in connection with the Service to target and deliver content , social action opportunities and advertisements to you and other users , on or related to our Service .
Further , by using the Service , you consent to the use of your Personal Information and your Service activity information ( including regarding your content consumption ) in , or in connection with , sponsored content and advertisements shown to your Service connections or other users .
For example , by associating your real name , username and/or Profile photo in , or in connection with , sponsored content , social action opportunities and/or advertisements ( e.g. , Josh became a fan of Acme , Gabe signed the clean water petition you should too , Gary watched this documentary on dolphin harvesting , etc . ) .
As an example , one of these messages about an action you have taken ( e.g. , signing a petition ) may be sent to people you have connected with on the Service via the Take Action Platform to prompt a similar action .
However , we may , from time to time , offer you options to manage this type of social sharing , and we will , make reasonable good faith efforts to respect settings .
However , we do not guarantee that your setting selections will be effective immediately or be error free when delivering social content and advertisements .
These settings are the only way to control social ads and messaging ; opting out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes is different .
You can always avoid social content and ads completely by terminating your account and not using the Service .
( d ) Administrative and Legal Reasons .
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law , we may access , use , preserve , transfer and disclose your information ( including Device Identifiers and Personal Information ) , including disclosure to third parties : if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to : ( i ) protect or defend the rights , safety or property of TakePart or third parties ( including through the enforcement of this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Service , and other applicable agreements and policies ) ; or ( ii ) comply with legal and regulatory obligations ( e.g. , pursuant to law enforcement inquiries , subpoenas or court orders ) .
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law , TakePart has complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures , and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures , all without notice to you .
( e ) Affiliates and Business Transfer .
We may share your information , including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information , Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent ( Participant Media , LLC ) , and its and our subsidiaries and affiliates ( Affiliates ) .
We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information : ( i ) to a subsequent owner , co-owner or operator of the Service or applicable database ; or ( ii ) in connection with a merger , consolidation , restructuring , the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change , including during the course of any due diligence process .
( f ) Co-branded Areas .
Certain areas of the Service may be provided to you in association with third parties ( Co-Branded Areas ) such as promotional partners and charities , and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them .
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information .
If you elect to register for products and/or services , communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications , at Co-Branded Areas , you may be providing your information to both us and the third party .
Further , if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Service , your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area .
We are not responsible for such third party 's data collection or practices and you should look to such third-party privacy policies for more information .
( g ) Sweepstakes , Contests and Promotions .
We may offer sweepstakes , contests , and other promotions ( any , a Promotion ) through the Service that may require registration .
By participating in a Promotion , you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion .
If you choose to enter a Promotion , Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment , and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion 's official rules , such as on a winners list .
( h ) Your California Privacy Rights .
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied personal information , as defined in the statute , to us to , under certain circumstances , request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure , if any , of such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
We provide the option to all of our users to exercise choice regarding this type of data transfer to non-Affiliate third parties , as more fully described above in the first paragraph of this Section 3 .
Please note that this direct marketing transfer choice is different from the choices you may have regarding social ads and content , which are explained in Section 3 ( c ) , or your User Content , which is explained in Section 4 ( a ) .
With respect to the sharing of your personal information , as defined in the statute , with our Affiliates for their own direct marketing purposes , however , we may share such information with our Affiliates such as Participant Media without checking with you first .
California residents may obtain the categories of personal information shared and the names and addresses of all third parties that received such information for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , requests made in 2013 will receive information about 2012 sharing activities ) .
To make such a request , please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you , attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
What About Information I Disclose Publicly or to Others
( a ) User Generated Content and Public Information .
The Service may permit you to submit ideas , photographs , Profiles , writings , video , audio recordings , computer graphics , pictures , data , questions , comments , suggestions or other content , including Personal Information ( collectively , User Content ) , such as on your Profile , petitions you sign and group boards .
We or others may store , display , reproduce , publish , distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format ( currently existing or hereafter developed ) and may or may not attribute it to you .
Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties .
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share , including Personal Information , in connection with your User Content .
Please note that we do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public , and can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure .
We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Service or for what others do with the information you share with them .
We are not responsible for the accuracy , use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Service .
( b ) Name and Likeness .
We may also publish your name , voice , likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content , and we may use the content , or any portion of the content , for advertising , marketing , publicity and promotional activities .
This includes use in connection with social content and ads as more fully explained in Section 3 ( c ) .
For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit to the Service , please review our Terms of Service .
( c ) Profile Settings .
A user 's profile ( Profile ) page may be , by default , set up to display information such as the user 's display name , Profile photo , images , location ( city/state ) , groups that the user has joined and optional information added by the user including , for example , the user 's tagline , photographs , social initiatives , and previous actions taken and causes supported , etc .
If you register using Facebook Connect or another third party service , your Profile will be by that action populated based on what information you elect to let that service share with us .
If your register directly on our Service , or supplement your Profile via the Service , you will directly enter what information your Profile will include .
Profile information is used by us primarily to be presented back to you when you access the Service and to be presented to others permitted to view that information on or in connection with the Service .
In some cases ( e.g. , posting to your page ) , other users of the Service may be able to supplement your Profile .
We may offer users the ability to manage their Profile and use Profile preference settings , the functionality and features of which are subject to change from time-to-time so visit the settings available frequently to confirm the settings reflect your then current preferences and we recommend that you do not post information or content as part of your Profile that you are not prepared to make completely public .
Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings , which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules .
Changing information or preferences using third party applications like Facebook Connect , is dependent upon the performance of such third parties for which we are not responsible .
Users should carefully consider the use of preference settings to improve information display options and should regularly ensure the settings are properly set and functioning in the manner desired .
Notwithstanding the availability of Profile preference settings , you should be aware that these settings are for convenience only , do not employ complex data security protection and may not be error free .
Further , other users that have access may repost or otherwise make public your information or content .
Accordingly , discretion and good judgment should be exercised when posting information or content as part of your Profile .
Do Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Sites Appear on the Service
The Service may contain content that is supplied by a third party , and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when pages from the Service are served to you .
In addition , when you are on the Service you may be directed to other services such as applications that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control .
We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others .
For example , if you click on a link , the click may take you off the Service onto a different service .
These other sites may have their own terms of service , privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same as well as associate their Tracking Technologies with you , independently collect data about you , including Personal Information , and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Service and to review the third-party privacy policies of all third-party locations and exercise caution in connection with them .
Ads and Information About You
The Service may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements on and off of the Service and may use third-party analytics and other service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Service and viewing of ads and of our content .
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits and activities across the Internet and mobile media ( Behavioral Ads ) .
In addition , we may serve ads on our Service based on your Usage Information from your activities on our Service ( Contextual Ads ) .
Behavioral Ads and Contextual Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested .
If you object to Contextual Ads , do not use our Service .
If you object to Behavioral Ads from us on third-party sites , you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below .
Our third-party ad network and exchange providers , the advertisers , the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies ( including Flash cookies ) , web beacons and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral Usage Information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier .
These third-party Tracking Technologies may be set to , among other things : ( a ) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in ; ( b ) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times ; and ( c ) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you .
You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations .
Note that any images ( or any other parts of content ) served by third parties in association with third-party ads or other content may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities .
Third-party Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us , even if they are used to serve our ads or interact with our Service .
Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third parties or the use of the information that such third parties collect .
We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice .
The relevant third party 's terms of service , privacy policy , permissions , notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection , storage and sharing practices .
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third-party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties .
However , some third parties we work with may offer you certain choices regarding their practices , and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available here .
Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you , which will affect this and other sites , but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads .
Also , if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page , or you subsequently erase your cookies , use a different Device or change web browsers , your NAI opt-out may not , or may no longer , be effective .
Therefore , if you use multiple Devices or multiple browsers on a single Device , you need to opt-out by clicking the orange opt-out icon for each browser that you use on your Device .
Additionally , if you delete your cookies , change browsers , or use a different Device , you will need to opt-out again .
Additional information is available on the NAI 's web site accessible by the above link .
Where we serve our own Behavioral Ads on third-party sites , we request that they comply with the DAA program so that you have the same notice and opt-out choice .
Please note that similar limitations as described regarding NAI opt-out may apply to the DAA opt-out .
Similar limitations may apply to these opt-out methods .
Although we take commercial reasonable efforts to comply with the DAA Behavioral Ad Principles , we are not responsible for effectiveness of , or compliance with , any third-parties ' opt-out options or programs .
How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information we receive about you , such as your contact information provided as part of registration and Profile creation .
When you use Facebook Connect , or another third party service , to sign in or sign up changes you make to that third party account that information you have elected to have that third party share with us when you activated that service on our Services should automatically update your account , however , since we do not control Facebook or other third party services , we can not be responsible for this occurring promptly or accurately .
If you terminate your Facebook account , your ability to access your account on our Service via Facebook Connect will no longer be available , and the same applies with respect to other third party services .
To the extent we allow account registrations directly on our Service ( i.e. , other than by means of Facebook Connect or other third party services ) , the Service will also include functionality to allow you to review , correct or update your registration and Profile .
If you utilize this functionality , we will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons .
Also , if you have made any public postings on the Service such as User Content in forums or blogs , these communications can not generally be removed .
When you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on the Service , information that you remove may persist internally for our administrative purposes .
You may cancel or modify our e-mail marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional e-mails or in some cases by logging into your Service Account and changing your communication preferences .
This will not affect subsequent subscriptions and if your opt-out is limited to certain types of e-mails the opt-out will be so limited .
If you subscribe to text messages from us , you can terminate a particular text message subscription by reply texting STOP .
Subsequent or different subscriptions will be unaffected .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Service , such as administrative and service announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications .
What About Transfer of Information to the United States
Our Service is operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including Personal Information , will be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States .
The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located , and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States .
By using the Service or providing us with any information , you consent to the transfer to , and processing , usage , sharing and storage of your information , including Personal Information , in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
What Should Parents Know About Children
The Service is intended for general audiences and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) as required by U.S. law .
We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen ( 13 ) .
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information .
However , no data transmission over the Internet , mobile networks , wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use our Service and provide us with your information at your own risk .
What About Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
However , we will not use your previously collected Personal Information in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent .
To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable , such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable .
2008-2014 TakePart , LLC .
The following third parties that collect information from you on or in connection with our Service ( s ) have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices , and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities , as follows :
Use of Tracking Technologies
Privacy Choices or Information
Adobe Site Catalyst data is used for internal purposes only and not shared with any third-party .
Email Marketing & Action Data Storage
Blue State Digital data is used for internal purposes only and not shared with any third-party .
DoubleClick for Small Business
DoubleClick for Small Business data is used for internal purposes only and not shared with any third-party .
User Authentication & Commenting
Registering for a TakePart account as a user and commenting on TakePart content are optional features that a user may use or refrain from using in its sole discretion .
Waterfall Mobile data is used for internal purposes only and not shared with any third-party .
NOTE : We are not responsible for third-party policies or practices .
We try to keep this information current , but it is provided as a courtesy and may not be current or accurate .
Please contact the applicable third parties regarding their privacy and data security policies and practices .

Spanish Translation ( Traduccin en espaol )
At Target , we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect information about you .
By interacting with Target , you consent to use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy .
We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically .
To help you track the changes , we include a history of changes below .
What Information is Collected
We collect the following information :
How is this Information Used
We use guest information for multiple purposes :
Product and Service Fulfillment
How is this Information Shared
We may share information :
With our service providers ( for example , a printer or mobile marketing provider )
If required to comply with legal requirements
At your direction or request
With other companies ( for their marketing purposes )
What Choices Do You Have
We provide you with choices about receiving marketing from Target , sharing of personal information with other companies for their marketing purposes , and receiving cookies .
How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information
You can access and update some of your personal information by contacting us .
If you have a Target.com account , you can log in to your account to review and update information in your account .
How is Your Personal Information Protected
We maintain administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect your personal information .
What Personal Information is Collected
Types of personal information we collect include :
Your phone ( or mobile ) number
Your drivers ' license number
Your credit/debit card number
Your registry event information
Your date of birth or age
If you choose not to provide personal information we may not be able to provide you with requested products , services or information .
We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target guest .
If we are able to identify you as a Target guest we may , for example , link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store .
This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us online , in store , mobile , etc .
We and our service providers use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device .
This information , which includes the pages you visit on our site , which web address you came from , the type of browser/device/hardware you are using , purchase information and checkout process , search terms and IP-based geographic location , helps us recognize you , customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant .
This includes Target content presented on another website or mobile application , for example , Target Weekly Ad .
These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits and Short Message Service ( SMS ) /text messages you have chosen to receive .
We also use Flash cookies for fraud prevention purposes .
In order to provide the best guest experience possible , we also use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts .
Target participates in online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) , also known as interest-based advertising .
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online .
Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) self-regulatory principles for OBA .
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites .
These companies use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , hardware/software information , cookie and session ID ) and personally identifiable information ( e.g . IP address ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information .
At this time , we do not respond to browser do not track signals , but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising .
To learn more about OBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website .
In order to improve guest online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our guest relations representatives in resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information ; including login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited and ads clicked specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g . information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information .
Target.com includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button , Google Plus , Pinterest , and Twitter widgets .
These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you 're visiting on our site , and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly .
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site .
Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them .
Information from Other Sources
We collect data that 's publicly available .
For example , information you submit in a public forum ( e.g . a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and others , and could be used to personalize your experience .
You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances .
We also obtain information provided by a third party .
For instance , we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests ( for example , adding address information ) .
This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you .
We use in-store cameras for security purposes and for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels .
How is Your Information Used
Examples of how we use the information we collect include :
Product and Service Fulfillment
Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information about our products and services in our stores , website , or mobile website , or to otherwise serve you
Connect with Target regarding guest service via our contact center , guest service desk , or on social media platforms
Provide services such as Gift Registry or a shopping list
Administer sweepstakes and contests
Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law ( for example , pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases )
Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , in-store receipt messages , e-mails , mobile messages , and social media notifications
Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications , such as product reviews or Weekly AdSend marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions
Administer promotions , surveys , and focus groups
Improve the effectiveness of our website , stores , mobile experience , and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys
Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy
To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business ( e.g . product recalls )
For example , assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries
How is Your Information Shared
We share the information we collect within Target Corporation , which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates .
Target Corporation may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you .
Target Corporation owns and operates Target Stores and Target web sites , and issues the Target Debit Card .
Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include , but are not limited to : Target Bank , Target Canada , Target Commercial Interiors , TCC Cooking Co. ( Cooking.com and Chef 's Catalog ) .
We may share the information we collect with our banking partner , TD Bank USA N.A. , which issues the Target Visa Card and Target Credit Card .
We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , analytics providers , web hosting providers , call center service providers , sweepstakes vendors , payment processors , coupon delivery vendors , data enhancement , or fraud prevention providers ) or that help us market our products and services .
These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions .
These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose .
We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our guests or others .
Elsewhere at Your Direction
At your direction or request , we may share your information .
For example , if you create a gift registry or shopping list and elect to make it available to the public , your information will be accessible on our website , mobile or social applications , and on kiosks in our stores .
Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )
We may share your personal information with other companies , or organizations which are not part of Target .
These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special offers and opportunities to you .
To opt out of our sharing of your personal information with such companies and organizations go to the Choice section of this privacy policy .
Sharing Aggregate Information with Third Parties
We may share aggregate information ( information that does not directly identify an individual ) with third parties for lawful purposes .
If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests .
We also may retain a copy of that guest information .
What Choices Do You Have
If you do not wish to receive catalogs , coupons , and other promotional mail , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls , for example , confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills .
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
You may still receive select e-mails from us if you have requested them through one of our services such as Weekly Ad Reminders , Gift Reminders , or E-mail me when Available notifications .
You can discontinue these e-mails by canceling your subscription to these services .
You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt out link included in each promotional e-mail .
Target Ticket if you do not wish to receive Target Ticket promotional e-mails , you have the ability to unsubscribe via the opt out link included in each Target Ticket promotional e-mail .
This opt out only applies to Target Ticket promotional e-mails .
Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )
If you do not wish us to share the personal information we have collected with other unaffiliated companies ( for their marketing purposes ) , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out .
We distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of guests who have requested this information via an opt in request .
To opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign , reply `` stop '' to text messages sent from 827438 ( TARGET ) .
To opt out of Target mobile marketing , text `` stop all '' to 827438 ( TARGET ) .
The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time .
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Target.com features ( i.e . you will be able to browse the site , but will not be able to make a purchase ) .
To opt out of third-party cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website
Other web site analytics services for example , Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to Target.com They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information .
To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting , click here .
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties , for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes , during the preceding calendar year .
To request a notice , please submit your request to Target Corporation , Attn : California Shine the Light Inquiry , P.O .
Box 9350 Minneapolis , MN 55440 .
Please allow 30 days for a response .
How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information
In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of it in the following ways :
If you have created a Target.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information .
Contact us with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access .
We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect .
How is Your Personal Information Protected
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information .
When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number , we use industry standard methods to protect that information .
However , no e-commerce solution , website , database or system is completely secure or hacker proof .
You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse .
`` Phishing '' is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond .
We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through e-mail .
Children 's Personal Information
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 .
If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online , we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 800-440-0680 .
How Do You Contact Target
Mail : Target Stores , Target Executive Offices
Target Privacy Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all current or former guest personal information , except for information collected by or provided in connection with :
A Target Debit Card .
See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy .
Use of a Target Pharmacy or the Rx Rewards program .
See the Target Pharmacy Notice of Privacy Policy .
Use of a Target Clinic .
See the Target Clinic Notice of Privacy Policy .
Interactions with Target Commercial Interiors .
See the Target Commercial Interiors Privacy Policy .
Use of Target 's Wireless Service .
See the Target Wireless Service Privacy Notice .
Use of a Target Mobile Application .
See the Target Mobile Application Privacy Policy .
Using a Target Visa Card or a Target Credit Card .
See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy .
Note , contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A . and to Target and its affiliates .
Completing an application for employment with Target .
Our website may offer links to other sites .
If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site .
In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site .
In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link .
You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information .
Target Privacy Policy Revisions
This history changes begins as of July 2004 and includes the date of the update and a description of changes .
Last update : 12/30/2013
Dec 2013 Added information about Online Behavioral Advertising and fraud prevention
Dec 2013 Updated the choices available for Target Ticket promotional emails
Oct 2013 Added information to the Automated Information Collection section
Aug 2013 Added Target ticket and web site analytic services opt out information , social media widget information , and a disclosure about sharing aggregate information with third parties .
Updated the security methods description , the description of Target affiliates , Information from Other Sources , and the California resident opt out .
Mar 2013Clarified when `` information '' referenced within the policy means `` personal information '' .
Updated description of Target and its affiliates .
Updated Target Cookies and Third Party Cookies sections .
Added disclosure regarding sharing of personal information with our bank partner , TD Bank USA N.A . Added information about Target Mobile Applications .
Aug 2012Updated Third-Party cookies section and added information about collection of User Experience Information .
May 2012Added information about Target 's Wireless ( Wi-Fi ) Service in Stores , including link to Wireless Service Privacy Notice .
Apr 2011Added offline , mobile , and social collection , use , and sharing of information , expanded guest choice options .
Aug 2009Added additional details about Cookies and Targeted Advertising .
Removed information for pharmacy guests in New York and Texas .
Feb 2008Added information for pharmacy guests in Texas .
Jan 2008Added information about the Target Debit Card , added additional information to the `` What are 'Cookies ' and how do we use them ? '' paragraph , added information about `` phishing '' and revised the `` Security '' section .
Sep 2005Added Target Commercial Interiors as a member of the Target .
Oct 2004Added Target Bank as a member of the Target .
Aug 2004Removed references to Mervyn 's Stores and Mervyns.com .

Our Privacy Agreement explains how we collect , use and disclose your personal information and outlines your options to withdraw or refuse your consent .
For more information , please also read our Privacy Code .
For additional privacy terms and conditions specific to your product or service , please refer to the Privacy Agreement provided to you with such product or service .
In this Agreement , the words `` you '' and `` your '' mean any person , or that person 's authorized representative who has requested from us , or offered to provide a guarantee for , any product service or account offered by us in Canada .
The words `` we '' , `` us '' and `` our '' mean TD Bank Group ( `` TD '' ) .
TD includes The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its world-wide affiliates , which provide deposit , investment , loan , securities , trust , insurance and other products or services .
The word `` Information '' means personal , financial and other details about you that you provide to us and we obtain from others outside TD , including through the products and services you use .
You acknowledge , authorize and agree as follows :
COLLECTING AND USING YOUR INFORMATION
At the time you begin a relationship with us and during the course of our relationship , we may collect Information including :
details about you and your background , including your name , address , contact information , date of birth , occupation and other identification
records that reflect your dealings with and through us
details about your browsers activities , your browser or mobile device
your preferences and activities .
This Information may be collected from you and from sources within or outside TD , including from :
government agencies and registries , law enforcement authorities and public records
other financial or lending institutions
organizations with whom you make arrangements , other service providers or agents including payment card networks
references or other information you have provided
persons authorized to act on your behalf under a power of attorney or other legal authority .
your interactions with us , including in person , over the phone , at the ATM , on your mobile device or through email or the Internet
records that reflect your dealings with and through us
You authorize the collection of Information from these sources and , if applicable , you authorize these sources to give us the Information .
We will limit the collection and use of Information to what we require in order to serve you as our customer and to administer our business , including to :
evaluate and process your application , accounts , transactions and reports
provide you with ongoing service and information related to the products , accounts and services you hold with us
analyze your needs and activities to help us serve you better and develop new products and services
help protect you and us against fraud and error
help manage and assess our risks , operations and relationship with you
help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you
comply with applicable laws and requirements of regulators , including self-regulatory organizations .
We may disclose Information , including as follows :
in response to a court order , search warrant or other demand or request , which we believe to be valid
to meet requests for information from regulators , including self-regulatory organizations of which we are a member or participant , or to satisfy legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us
to suppliers , agents and other organizations that perform services for you or for us or on our behalf
to payment card networks in order to operate or administer the payment card system that supports the products , services or accounts you have with us ( including for any products or services provided or made available by the payment card network as part of your product , services or accounts with us ) , or for any contests or other promotions they may make available to you
on the death of a joint account holder with right of survivorship , we may release any information regarding the joint account up to the date of death to the estate representative of the deceased , except in Quebec where the liquidator is entitled to all account information up to and after the date of death
when we buy a business or sell all or part of our business or when considering those transactions
to help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you
where permitted by law
SHARING INFORMATION WITHIN TD
Within TD we may share Information world-wide , other than health-related Information , for the following purposes :
to manage your total relationship within TD , including servicing your accounts and maintaining consistent Information about you
to manage and assess our risks and operations , including to collect a debt owed to us by you
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements .
You may not withdraw your consent for these purposes
Within TD we may also share Information world-wide , other than health-related Information , to allow other businesses within TD to tell you about products and services .
In order to understand how we use your Information for marketing purposes and how you can withdraw your consent , refer to the Marketing Purposes section below .
ADDITIONAL COLLECTIONS , USES AND DISCLOSURES
Social Insurance Number ( SIN ) - If requesting products , accounts or services that may generate interest or other investment income , we will ask for your SIN for revenue reporting purposes .
This is required by the Income Tax Act ( Canada ) .
If we ask for your SIN for other products or services , it is your option to provide it .
When you provide us with your SIN , we may also use it as an aid to identify you and to keep your Information separate from that of other customers with a similar name , including through the credit granting process .
You may choose not to have us use your SIN as an aid to identify you with credit reporting agencies .
Credit Reporting Agencies and Other Lenders - For a credit card , line of credit , loan , mortgage or other credit facility , merchant services , or a deposit account with overdraft protection , hold and/or withdrawal or transaction limits , we will exchange Information and reports about you with credit reporting agencies and other lenders at the time of and during the application process , and on an ongoing basis to review and verify your creditworthiness , establish credit and hold limits , help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you , and/or manage and assess our risks .
You may choose not to have us conduct a credit check in order to assess an application for credit .
Once you have such a facility or product with us and for a reasonable period of time afterwards , we may from time to time disclose your Information to other lenders and credit reporting agencies requesting such Information , which helps establish your credit history and supports the credit granting and processing functions in general .
We may obtain Information and reports about you from Equifax Canada Inc. , Trans Union of Canada , Inc. or any other credit reporting agency .
Once you have applied for any credit product with us , you may not withdraw your consent to this exchange of Information .
Fraud - In order to prevent , detect or suppress financial abuse , fraud , criminal activity , protect our assets and interests , assist us with any internal or external investigation into potentially illegal or suspicious activity or manage , defend or settle any actual or potential loss in connection with the foregoing , we may collect from , use and disclose your Information to any person or organization , fraud prevention agency , regulatory or government body , the operator of any database or registry used to check information provided against existing information , or other insurance companies or financial or lending institutions .
For these purposes , your Information may be pooled with data belonging to other individuals and subject to data analytics .
Insurance - This section applies if you are applying for , requesting prescreening for , modifying or making a claim under , or have included with your product , service or account , an insurance product that we insure , reinsure , administer or sell .
We may collect , use , disclose and retain your Information , including health-related Information .
We may collect this Information from you or any health care professional , medically-related facility , insurance company , government agency , organizations who manage public information data banks , or insurance information bureaus , including MIB Group , Inc. and the Insurance Bureau of Canada , with knowledge of your Information .
With regard to life and health insurance , we may also obtain a personal investigation report prepared in connection with verifying and/or authenticating the information you provide in your application or as part of the claims process .
With regard to home and auto insurance , we may also obtain Information about you from credit reporting agencies at the time of , and during the application process and on an ongoing basis to verify your creditworthiness , perform a risk analysis and determine your premium .
We may use your Information to :
determine your eligibility for insurance coverage
administer your insurance and our relationship with you
determine your insurance premium
investigate and adjudicate your claims
help manage and assess our risks and operations .
We may share your Information with any health-care professional , medically-related facility , insurance company , organizations who manage public information data banks , or insurance information bureaus , including the MIB Group , Inc. and the Insurance Bureau of Canada , to allow them to properly answer questions when providing us with Information about you .
We may share lab results about infectious diseases with appropriate public health authorities .
If we collect your health-related Information for the purposes described above , it will not be shared within TD , except to the extent that a TD company insures , reinsures , administers or sells relevant coverage and the disclosure is required for the purposes described above .
Your Information , including health-related Information , may be shared with administrators , service providers , reinsurers and prospective insurers and reinsurers of our insurance operations , as well as their administrators and service providers for these purposes .
Marketing Purposes - We may also use your Information for marketing purposes , including to :
tell you about other products and services that may be of interest to you , including those offered by other businesses within TD and third parties we select
determine your eligibility to participate in contests , surveys or promotions
conduct research , analysis , modeling , and surveys to assess your satisfaction with us as a customer , and to develop products and services
contact you by telephone , fax , text messaging , or other electronic means and automatic dialing-announcing device , at the numbers you have provided us , or by ATM , internet , mail , email and other methods .
With respect to these marketing purposes , you may choose not to have us :
contact you occasionally either by telephone , fax , text message , ATM , internet , mail , email , or all of these methods , with offers that may be of interest to you
contact you to participate in customer research and surveys .
Telephone and Internet discussions - When speaking with one of our telephone service representatives , internet live chat agents , or messaging with us through social media , we may monitor and/or record our discussions for our mutual protection , to enhance customer service and to confirm our discussions with you .
This Agreement must be read together with our Privacy Code .
You acknowledge that the Privacy Code forms part of the Privacy Agreement .
You acknowledge that we may amend this Agreement and our Privacy Code from time to time .
We will post the revised Agreement and Privacy Code on our website listed above .
We may also make them available at our branches or other premises or send them to you by mail .
You acknowledge , authorize and agree to be bound by such amendments .
If you wish to opt-out or withdraw your consent at any time for any of the opt-out choices described in this Agreement , you may do so by contacting us at 1-866-567-8888 .
Please read our Privacy Code for further details about your opt-out choices .
Last modified August 2013

Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us .
We provide this policy to better protect you , and to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used .
To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested .
The Information We Collect
During user registration , we collect the following information :
Country ( optional )
The username you supply will be used as an identifier when posting content to our website .
An email address is required to register for the forums as your login details will be sent to it .
Your email address will not be publicly displayed on any part of the website , but it will be visible to Team Liquid staff .
Your birthday is required to ensure our compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and will be displayed in your Team Liquid profile .
Your IP address is recorded to monitor abuse resulting from multiple registrations under the same IP address .
As part of our site features , we offer a forum and other features on which you can freely post any text .
If you choose to disclose personally identifying information , be aware that Team Liquid is a public web site and anyone is able to read your posts , so there is no expectation of privacy for user-generated content .
Where applicable , we will moderate any posts that violate US law in regards to information disclosed about other individuals .
The website features a private messaging system which allows you to send message to other users on the website .
The messages you exchange over the private messaging system can only be read by the recipient user account or Team Liquid administrators .
The Team Liquid administrators will only access private message details if they suspect the message might be spam / advertising or otherwise malicious in nature , or if required to do so by law .
We can not be responsible for any disclosure of private message contents by the recipient .
As an optional feature of the user profile page , you may upload an image such as a photo of yourself .
This image will be visible to other users through your Team Liquid profile page .
At any time , you can modify or delete this image through your user profile settings .
During your usage of the website , your browser will open connections and send requests to our web server .
The server will log each request with your IP address , date and time , status code , browser version ( user agent ) , HTTP referrer and the resource requested .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide to better identify yourself to other users .
Your username , country and birthday can be viewed by anyone visiting our website .
Your username will identify you in any posts you make to the website forums .
Your email address will not be shared with third parties for marketing , spam , or promotional activities .
We may use your email address to identify you in moderation actions , for instance when a user creates multiple accounts and uses them maliciously .
Your email address will also be used to reset your password , though if you lose access to that particular email , we can change it or reset your password manually .
From time to time , we may use your email address to send low-volume important site announcements .
If you do not wish to receive these announcements , an opt-out link will be provided in each email and you may disable the emails at any time through your profile settings .
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers .
For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of 18 year olds play Protoss and Z number of SK Telecom Fans filled out our registration form , but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals .
The web server logs are used to troubleshoot issues with the website and to generate aggregate site statistics .
Should we determine that a problem with the site is being caused by a particular IP address , we may match the IP address in the log files with registered user accounts in order to initiate contact with the user causing problems .
Except as where required by law , we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses .
We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information , such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and automatic login information .
Cookies are also used to track users to help prevent multiple user registrations from the same individual .
You may opt to disable cookies from your web browsers privacy settings , but doing so will negatively impact your ability to use the registered user features which rely on cookies to verify your identity .
Team Liquid runs on dedicated hosting servers which only a few trusted site staff have access to .
These servers are housed in a professionally managed and secure data center in New York , USA .
For compliance with US law , we prohibit children under the age of 13 from supplying any information to us which might contain personally identifying information .
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access your country and birthday through your TeamLiquid profile page .
Making changes to your information requires inputting your password so that only authorized users may change your information .
Your registered email address can be changed by contacting an administrator .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections on your behalf .
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please talk to us by sending a Personal Message to any of the red named Moderators or contacting us via the `` Contact '' link at the bottom of the page .
From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Web site periodically .

Welcome to TechMedia Network !
TechMedia Network has created this Privacy Policy in order to set forth the principles governing our information-gathering and dissemination practices , including but not limited to such activities as forums , chat rooms , personal profile pages , product reviews , article commentary , blogs , RSS feeds and newsletters , among other offerings .
Tech MediaNetwork has a strong commitment to the privacy of our users .
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through TechMedia Network and not to information collected offline or to information you may provide to any third-party sites to which TechMedia Network may link , except as expressly provided herein .
There are two kinds of information that TechMedia Network can obtain about you : Anonymous Information and Personally Identifiable Information .
Anonymous Information consists of non-personally-identifiable data , such as your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address or domain , or information about your usage on TechMedia Network that is used for administrative purposes only .
For example , an IP address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider .
Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
We may collect our users ' IP addresses for such purposes as to help diagnose problems with our servers and to report aggregate information to our advertisers , corporate affiliates and consultants , and to third parties that perform particular services on our behalf .
We may also use the information linked to IP addresses to ban users who violate our Terms and Conditions of use .
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that personally identifies you , such as your name , street address , email address , or telephone number .
We collect such information when , for example , you enter a contest , subscribe to our email newsletter , and participate in other interactive online activities such as forums .
When we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you , you will have the opportunity to opt in to receive email or other digital communications from us and/or our business partners .
If you have submitted your personal information to TechMedia Network , you may correct , amend or delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained on file about you if it is incorrect .
If you are a registered Community member of TechMedia Network , you may manage your membership information as well as your subscriptions .
Simply login to your community account and click on Account Options .
Click on the tab marked Account to manage your password and email address ; click on the tab marked Subscriptions to manage your newsletter subscriptions and Click on the tab , Profile to edit your public profile .
In all cases , we will only use your information as permitted by law .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy , however , we may disclose Personally Identifiable Information to others if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( b ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( c ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site ; or ( d ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public .
Please note that we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases .
Use of `` Cookies
TechMedia Network uses cookies data that is transferred from TechMedia Network to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit TechMedia Network .
Some of the advertisements appearing on TechMedia Network are delivered by our third-party ad network , DoubleClick .
In the course of serving advertisements , DoubleClick may place or recognize a unique cookie in your browser 's cache , and may use Anonymous Information ( including date/time of the banner ad displayed , the ad that was displayed and the IP address of the visitor ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you and to collect statistical information .
For more information about DoubleClick 's privacy policy , please click here .
If you would like to opt out of having a unique cookie placed on your hard drive by DoubleClick , please click here or here .
Disclosure of Information through Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business , we may buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses , and in so doing , acquire customer information .
In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets .
Similarly , in the event that a portion or all of TechMedia Network 's assets are sold or transferred to a third party , customer information ( including your email address ) would likely be one of the transferred business assets .
Third Party Web Sites
TechMedia Network contains links to third-party Web sites not owned or controlled by TechMedia Network .
TechMedia Network is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party Web sites .
Inclusion of any linked Web site on TechMedia Network does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us , or of any of the content , opinions , products or services provided on these Web sites .
Even if an affiliation exists between TechMedia Network and a third-party Web site , we exercise no control over linked sites .
Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures .
If you visit a Web site via a link from one of our Sites , we encourage you to consult that Web site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information , and whenever interacting with any such Web site .
TechMedia Network may make chat rooms , forums , blogs , article commenting , and personal profile pages available to users .
Please remember that any such information that you may choose to provide in these areas becomes accessible to the public , and also becomes the property of TechMedia Network in accordance with our Terms and Conditions , and we may use such information in any way that we see fit .
Consequently , you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information or to upload material of any kind .
TechMedia Network has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us ; however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Please note that your email , like most , if not all , unencrypted Internet communications , may potentially be accessed and viewed by other Internet users , without your knowledge and permission , while in transit to us .
For that reason , to protect your privacy , please do not use email to communicate information to us that you consider confidential .
While we strive to protect your personal information , TechMedia Network can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Once we receive your transmission , we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems .
Depending on the nature of the inquiry , your communication may be discarded or archived .
Children should always ask parents before providing any personal information online .
No information should be submitted to or posted on TechMedia Network by any minor ( a person under 18 years of age ) without the consent of a parent or guardian .
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection , we do not knowingly provide any Personally Identifiable Information about minors , regardless of its source , nor is this information knowingly used by TechMedia Network for any marketing or promotional purposes .
Minors are not eligible to participate in contests .
TechMedia Network abides by the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act .
In the event that we learn that we have collected information from any child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as reasonably possible .
If you believe that any Site has collected any information about anyone under 13 , please contact TechMedia Network 's Site Administrator via postal mail or email at one of the addresses listed below .
Please note that TechMedia Network may have financial relationships with some of the merchants/vendors mentioned on this website .
In some instances , TechMedia Network may be compensated if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for said merchant/vendor .
TECHMEDIA NETWORK PROVIDES THE INFORMATION , SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ON THIS WEB SITES AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND .
YOU AGREE THAT TECHMEDIA NETWORK SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT FOUND ON OUR FORUMS , THAT ANY DOWNLOADING OF MATERIALS FOUND ON OR THROUGH TECHMEDIA NETWORK FORUMS IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK , AND THAT TECHMEDIA NETWORK IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR UNSOLICITED COMMUNICATIONS THAT ARISE FROM YOUR POSTINGS .
TECHMEDIA NETWORK SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE IN ANY MANNER FOR THE ACTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY , INCLUDING WITOUT LIMITATION , ANY THIRD PARTY AD NETWORK .
Consent and Modifications to this Privacy Statement
TechMedia Network is controlled , operated and administered entirely within the United States .
By using TechMedia Network and/or participating in the activities of TechMedia Network Community , you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement .
If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement , please do not disclose any personal information through our site .
TechMedia Network may modify this Privacy Statement at any time , at its discretion , and modifications are effective upon being posted on this the applicable Site .
You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Statement periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement you may contact us at :
2425 Lincoln Ave .
Ogden , UT 84401
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 2012 and supersedes all earlier versions of our Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect , use , and share information we obtain through your use of the sites , RSS feeds , newsletters , applications , application programming interfaces ( APIs ) , and services ( herein , `` Services '' ) that are operated by or controlled by MIT Technology Review , including without limitation MIT Technology Review , MIT Enterprise Forum , and EmTech ( collectively , `` MIT Technology Review , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' ) .
MIT Technology Review is an independent media company owned by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us , write to us , or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services .
Because the Internet is global , information about you that we collect or that you submit , in each case in connection with your use of the Services , may be transferred to , processed in , and held in countries ( including the United States ) other than the one in which you reside .
By using the Services , you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information MIT Technology Review Collects
MIT Technology Review may collect two ( 2 ) types of information about you : Personal and Non- Personal .
`` Personal Information '' refers to information that lets MIT Technology Review know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify , contact or locate you ( e.g. , name , mailing address , telephone number and e-mail address ) .
MIT Technology Review may collect Personal Information when you use our Services , including , without limitation , this list of options ( herein , `` Shared Information '' ) :
( a ) Registration .
Registration for MIT Technology Review requires that you supply certain personally identifiable information , including , in most cases , a unique e-mail address and demographic information .
Purchases made through MIT Technology Review require that you supply your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , and credit card number and other billing information .
( b ) Paid Products and Services .
To enable the purchase of subscriptions to MIT Technology Review publications and other products from our store , we collect and store billing and credit card information .
This information will be shared only with third parties who perform tasks required to complete purchase transactions .
Examples of this include order fulfillment and credit card payments .
( c ) Registration for Our Services via Third-Party Tools .
You may choose to log on or create or enhance your profile on our Services by utilizing a supplied third-party login provider ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , OpenID ) .
By doing this , you are asking each login provider to send us registration information from your profile within their service .
We treat that information as we do any other information you give us when you log on , register , or create a profile .
( d ) User-Generated Comments and Public Activities ( including Comments and Social Sharing ) .
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on our Services .
`` Public Activities '' are any actions you take on MIT Technology Review or Twitter and Facebook that are designed to be visible to other users on our Services , including commenting and posting to Facebook or Twitter .
Any information you disclose in your Public Activities , including your screen name , and any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by MIT Technology Review , without notice to or consent from you and without compensation to you , for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media .
If you chose to engage in Public Activities , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to submit can be read , collected , and used by other readers of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums , and MIT Technology Review has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove , or edit any Public Activities .
If you have signed up for an MIT Technology Review account , we will track and aggregate your Public Activities on our Services .
If you choose to participate in Public Activities , you are electing to share and display such Public Activities on our Services .
Also , Public Activities may be included in RSS feeds or APIs and made available to other websites in other formats .
As a result , your Public Activities may appear on other websites , blogs , or feeds .
( e ) Contests , Sweepstakes , and Special Offers .
MIT Technology Review may collect information from you in connection with contests , sweepstakes , and special offers .
If this information is shared with a third party , we will notify you at the time of collection .
If you do not want any personal information shared , you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes , contest , or special offer .
( g ) Surveys , Panels , and Market Research .
MIT Technology Review may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys .
Unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection , the information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared , but only in aggregate form , with advertisers and partners .
( h ) Usage Data .
MIT Technology Review may collect information as you interact with the Services .
For example , each time you visit the Services , we may automatically collect the Web page you came from , the URL you go to next , and the Web page ( s ) that you access during your visit .
`` Non-Personal Information '' refers to information that , by itself , does not identify you as a specific individual ( e.g. , demographic information or website visits ) .
MIT Technology Review may collect Non-Personal Information through any of the methods discussed above , as well as automatically through use of industry standard technologies described further below .
For example , each time you visit the Services , we may automatically collect your IP address , browser and computer type , and access time .
How MIT Technology Review Collects Your Information
The Personal Information practices set forth apply to all MIT Technology Review 's customers worldwide .
MIT Technology Review may require certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to create an individual account ( `` Account '' ) or to enable features or functionality of the MIT Technology Review Network .
Failure to provide all information required by MIT Technology Review may prevent access to any or all of the MIT Technology Review Network , and failure to maintain accurate information may result in suspension or termination of access to any or all of the MIT Technology Review Network .
Information Collected Through Technology .
MIT Technology Review Services may gather the previously referenced Personal Information and Non-Personal Information by the following methods :
( a ) Cookies .
Cookies , including local shared objects , are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive .
They work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of the MIT Technology Review Services .
Cookies do not generally contain any Personal Information .
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually configure your browser to prevent this .
Not accepting cookies may make certain features of the MIT Technology Review Network unavailable to you .
We uses cookies for the following general purposes : ( a ) to track your preferences , such as the address or local zip code you enter ; ( b ) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content ; ( c ) to display the most appropriate advertisements , based on your interests and activity on our Services ; and ( d ) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services .
We may also use `` pixel tags , '' which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the tag appears ; the time ( and length of time ) the page containing the tag was viewed ; the type of browser that retrieved the tag ; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer .
We may use pixel tags , provided either by us or by our third-party advertisers and ad networks , to collect information about your visit-including the pages you view , the links you click , and other actions taken in connection with our Services-and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you .
We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services ( e.g. , sharing buttons ) to collect Non-Personal Information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance measures , such as Web traffic , click-throughs , etc. , in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding and serving the interests of our users .
( b ) IP Address .
You may visit many areas of the MIT Technology Review Services anonymously without becoming a registered User .
Even in such cases , MIT Technology Review may collect IP addresses automatically .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you begin Services with an Internet service provider .
Each time you access the MIT Technology Review Services and each time you request one of MIT Technology Review 's pages , the server logs your IP address .
( c ) Beacons .
Beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in Web pages , applications , and e-mails .
MIT Technology Review may use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that MIT Technology Review sends to users to determine whether they have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails .
( d ) Tracking Content Usage .
If you use the MIT Technology Review Services and you post MIT Technology Review materials including , without limitation , text , logos , artwork , graphics , pictures , advertisements , sound , and other related content contained in such materials ( collectively , `` Content '' ) to your website or to a third-party website , MIT Technology Review may still track and capture Personal Information and Non-Personal Information associated with those materials .
How MIT Technology Review Uses Your Information
Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy , we will never share your Usage Data , Personal Information , Non-Personal Information , or Shared Information ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as `` User Information '' ) with any third party without your permission .
MIT Technology Review may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of system administration , assisting in diagnosing problems with MIT Technology Review servers , monitoring MIT Technology Review 's system performance and traffic on the MIT Technology Review Network , and gathering broad demographic information about MIT Technology Review customers .
MIT Technology Review uses cookies and IP addresses to track features such as delivering Content specific to your interests and informing you of new , relevant services or certain third-party offerings .
MIT Technology Review complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 .
( a ) Account Related E-mails .
MIT Technology Review reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status .
This includes order confirmations , renewal notices , notices about credit cards problems , and other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to MIT Technology Review or our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service .
( b ) Newsletters .
MIT Technology Review offers several e-mail newsletters .
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , follow the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located at the bottom of each newsletter .
To manage your MIT Technology Review e-mail preferences , please click on the `` unsubscribe '' link found at the bottom of any newsletter you 've received .
( c ) Promotional E-mails .
MIT Technology Review may also periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you .
You may choose not to receive messages in the future by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions located at the bottom of each e- mail .
If you contact MIT Technology Review by telephone , e-mail , or letter , MIT Technology Review may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence .
If you report a problem with the website , MIT Technology Review may collect this information in a file specific to you .
You may contact MIT Technology Review to request the removal of this information from MIT Technology Review 's database .
From time to time , we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you .
We will not , however , share any such information in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you .
( a ) Targeted Advertising .
In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be of interest to our users , we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information and Non-Personal Information provided by those users , including zip code and profile .
( b ) Your Options and Information about Advertisers and Targeted Ads .
You can learn more about the advertising companies and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by reviewing the Network Advertising Initiative 's Consumer Opt-Out directory .
Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies .
From time to time , we may share aggregated User Information with third parties .
We will not , however , share any aggregated data in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you .
From time to time , we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us ( e.g. , data management and storage services or credit card processing services ) .
In those circumstances , we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services , and we require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information .
Other Disclosure Scenarios .
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary , we reserve the right , and you hereby expressly authorize us , to share any User Information : ( 1 ) in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish , protect , or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; ( 2 ) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding potentially illegal activities , fraud , or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property ; ( 3 ) if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services ' infrastructure or the Internet in general ( such as voluminous spamming , denial-of-service attacks , or attempts to compromise the security of information ) ; ( 4 ) with MIT , its subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control with us ( in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy ) ; and ( 5 ) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity .
If you identify any User Information as public , you are authorizing us to share such information publicly .
For example , you may elect to make certain Shared Information ( such as your alias , bio , e- mail or photos ) publicly available .
Also , there may be areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , discussion rooms , and other digital forums ) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services .
By choosing to use these areas , you understand and agree that anyone may access , use , and disclose any information that you post to them .
We are not responsible for the use or misuse by others of any such information .
Mobile and Location-Based Services
We may from time to time offer certain location- or pinpoint-based services with our applications ( such as GPS-assisted navigation instruction , wireless tower location , triangulation , or other available location technologies ) .
If you elect to use such location-based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide the services to you .
By using the applications ' location-based services , you authorize us to : ( a ) locate your hardware ; ( b ) record , compile , and display your location ; and ( c ) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications ( e.g. , settings , user preferences ) .
As part of the applications , we may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers ( as applicable ) and users ' network access identifier information .
This information will be used to provide you with the services accessed through our applications .
We may use third-party providers to help provide services through mobile systems , and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
How We Safeguard Your Personal Information
MIT Technology Review takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access , alteration , disclosure , or destruction of Personal Information .
These include , but are not limited to , internal reviews of : ( a ) MIT Technology Review 's data collection ; ( b ) storage and processing practices ; ( c ) electronic security measures ; and ( d ) physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where MIT Technology Review stores Personal Information .
All MIT Technology Review employees , contractors , and agents who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination and criminal prosecution , for unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information .
The MIT Technology Review Network may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you .
Additionally , MIT Technology Review may use third parties to provide components of the MIT Technology Review Network .
In either case , such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices , independent of MIT Technology Review .
MIT Technology Review : ( a ) has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions ; ( b ) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites ; and ( c ) does not make any warranties or representations about the contents , products , or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them .
MIT Technology Review continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you , your privacy , and your use of the MIT Technology Review Network .
As a result , changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by MIT Technology Review from time to time .
In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure , as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy .
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children , and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 , and we do not market the Services to children under the age of 13 .
Links to Other Services and Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the MIT Technology Review Services .
These Services may contain links to other services and websites not operated or controlled by MIT Technology Review ( the `` Third-Party Services '' ) .
This may include other websites operated by employees of MIT .
The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to the Third-Party Services .
The links from this Service do not imply that MIT Technology Review endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party Services .
We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies .
Other Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of these Services are subject to the Terms of Service .
Changes to MIT Technology Review 's Privacy Policy
Our Services and our business may change from time to time .
As a result , at times it may be necessary for MIT Technology Review to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
MIT Technology Review reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice .
Please review this policy periodically , and especially before you provide additional Personal Information .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below .
Your continued use of the Service after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Privacy Policy .
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Issues
We do not represent or warrant that the Services , or any part thereof , are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction .
Those who choose to access the Services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk , and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules , and regulations .
We may limit the Services ' availability , in whole or in part , to any person , geographic area , or jurisdiction we choose , at any time and at our sole discretion .
By using the Services and submitting any Personal Information , you consent to the transfer of Personal Information to other countries , such as the United States , which may provide a different level of data security from your country of residence .
Special Note for Our International Visitors
Our Services are intended for and directed to users in the United States .
If you are accessing our Services from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure that differ from United States laws , please be advised that through your continued use of our Services , which are governed by U.S. law , this Privacy Notice , and our Terms of Service , you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer .
Special Note for MIT Alumni
MIT alumni may have access to special Services within MIT Technology Review 's overarching Services .
MIT alumni may link their MIT Alumni Association Infinite Connection account to their MIT Technology Review User Account .
This connection is a one-way authentication : MIT Technology Review receives baseline contact information ( e.g. , status , e-mail address , name ) from the MIT Alumni Association .
During this linkage , the MIT Alumni Association does not receive contact information from MIT Technology Review .
MIT Technology Review handles the information of MIT alumni in accordance with the policies defined within this document .
How to Access and Change Your Personal Information
To keep your Personal Information accurate , current , and complete , please contact us as specified below .
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Service .
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about MIT Technology Review 's Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services .
You may contact us as follows :
One Main St. , 13th Floor
Cambridge , MA 02142
Last updated : August 12 , 2013

TED encourages our community to discover and share ideas with one another .
While gathering information about the people who use the site is an important part of the TED.com experience , we take your privacy very seriously , and make every effort to safeguard your personal data .
This privacy policy is intended to inform you of what information we collect , how this information is used , and what steps we take to protect this information .
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and protections , please contact us .
What information do we collect
We collect two kinds of information :
Personal information that you directly provide to us , which includes information you supply when you register an account with us ,
Automatically collected , non-personal information , which includes tracking information gathered as you use TED.com .
We may use this information to help customize your TED.com experience based on your previous activities on TED.com .
Information you provide directly to us :
When you register an account on TED.com , we ask you to provide a unique email address , first and last name , and password .
You have the option of also providing profile information ( such as location , occupation and your personal story ) .
You may also choose to directly send us information such as email correspondence or search queries .
You may choose to create a TED.com account using the Facebook Connect feature on TED.com .
By doing this , you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile , and you authorize us to collect , store and use in accordance with this privacy policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface .
Billing and credit card information :
When required for TED Conference registration or other services , we may request and store name , address , telephone number , email address and billing information .
We do not store credit card numbers except for the last 4 digits .
This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction .
Comments , conversations and other public activities :
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on TED.com .
`` Public activities '' are any actions you take that are designed to be visible to other users , including comments , conversations , recommendations and ratings .
If you choose to engage in public activities , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums , and we have no responsibility to publish , remove or edit any of your comments , conversations or other content .
For more information , see the TED.com Terms of Use .
When you share or recommend any TED.com content using your Facebook profile , your action is governed by Facebook 's privacy policy .
Likewise , when you share or recommend any TED.com content through other social media outlets , your actions are governed by their privacy policies .
Information gathered automatically :
We use various technologies to manage TED.com and track use of the content we provide , including :
the IP address used when registering and submitting content to the site
standard web analytics information
aggregated data about email click-through rates and video viewing
information collected through HTML cookies , Flash cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies .
Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with information you provide directly to us .
We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access TED services , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language and other transactional information .
This information may be used to offer you optimized TED.com experiences based on your device or location .
How we use the information we gather
Providing requested services :
We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for services and information .
For example , we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests , or to enable registration for one of our conferences .
E-mail and newsletters :
If you signed up for one of our email newsletters , we will send you the newsletter that you requested .
We may also use the information that we collect to send you other e-mail communications , such as information about your account , changes to the site , or information about our conferences and events ( if you have opted in for this information . )
We perform statistical analyses of users of the site , and their viewing and participation patterns , for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our audience .
Please note that we do not share contact information with our advertisers .
We may employ third parties to perform site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , billing and email distribution .
These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf .
We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities , to enforce the TED.com Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law .
In addition to the uses identified above , we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent .
Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you , including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click , through cookies , clicks on links , or other means when you visit or view ads on the site .
We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services .
Protection of your information
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , technical and administrative controls to protect your information .
Please note that no method of transmission over the internet is 100 % secure .
Children under the age of 13 :
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13 , please contact us .
Changes to this privacy policy :
This privacy policy may be amended from time to time .
Any such changes will be posted on this page .
We will notify you of any significant or material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account .
Deleting your account :
You can request that your account be deleted at any time by contacting us .
When your account is deleted , your user profile and all public activities ( comments , conversation topics ) will be removed .
To unsubscribe from our newsletters , click on the link at the bottom of a newsletter you have received , or you can manage your subscriptions from your TED.com profile .

Telegraph Media Group comprises Telegraph Media Group Limited , VOS Media Limited and QP Magazine Limited .
When we collect your information we may share it across our group companies .
This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how Telegraph Media Group uses personal information we collect and how you can limit our use of that personal data .
What information do we gather
1.1 We gather information that relates to , and can identify you ( e.g . your name and address ) and information that does not identify you ( e.g . a visitor 's behaviour patterns when they visit our website ) .
We collect information that does not identify you to evaluate our site , ensure that our site and services run properly and ensure we are paid for advertising services we offer .
We might also collect your IP address through the placement of cookies ( see sections 6 and 7 on cookies and their management , below ) .
How do we gather information
2.1 Information is gathered in two ways :
( 1 ) indirectly ( e.g . using website technology or technology when you use a Telegraph application for a mobile device ) ; and
( 2 ) directly ( e.g . when you buy a subscription , sign up to create a telegraph.co.uk profile , download a mobile device application or you otherwise provide your information when you interact with us ) .
How do you decide how you want to hear from us
3.1 We always explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us .
We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you We do this by using opt-out tick boxes .
If the boxes are n't there , it 's because we will not use your information for any other purpose than that for which you give it ( e.g . to administer a subscription ) .
3.2 When responding to promotions , offers etc . by postcard , if you do not wish for your details to be used by us to send you promotions and offers , please make this clear by stating `` No Offers '' .
3.3 If you have signed up to receive marketing from us by text , to stop this , please reply STOP to the last message you received .
How we use your information
4.1 We might use your information to :
( 1 ) remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies .
You can prevent this ; section 5 deals with this in more detail ;
( 2 ) place your anonymised information into audience segments to identify your interests so that we might serve you with advertisements and offers that will interest you
( 3 ) ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered ( including subscriptions ) ;
( 4 ) contact you by email , mail , telephone or sms text message to let you know about any of our products , services or promotions ( which , in some cases may be provided by third parties ) but only according to the permissions you give us ;
( 5 ) ensure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device ;
( 6 ) collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage ;
( 7 ) assess and understand customer feedback and identify usage hotspots ;
4.2 If you have subscribed to any of or services , we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise .
Accessing and updating your personal information
5.2 You have the right to access the personal information held about you .
There will be an administrative charge of 10 for providing a copy of this information .
6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites .
6.2 We use the following types of cookie :
( 1 ) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website .
They keep track of browsing patterns and build up a profile of how our readers use the website .
We might use that information to target advertisements to you on our and other websites .
( 2 ) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible ; remember your registration and login details ; remember your settings preferences ; and meter the number of pages you view for the purpose of administering subscriptions to The Telegraph .
( 3 ) Third party advertising and analytics cookies , which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site .
These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site .
They are anonymous they can not identify individuals .
They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once .
They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites .
6.3 We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours .
The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies .
Managing your cookies preferences
7.1 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies .
To do this look at the help menu on your browser .
Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates .
Click here to learn more information about how we use their third party service to collect and use information about this website .
7.4 If you would like to disable `` third party '' cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services , you can turn them off by going to the third party 's website and getting them to generate a one-time `` no thanks '' cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine .
Here are links to the two main third party advertising platforms we use , each of which has instructions on how to do this :
8.1 The password you provide when registering with the website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorised access to your personal information .
8.2 We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy .
No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure , and therefore we can not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website .
Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others .
However once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information .
9.1 We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business , if we required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law .
9.3 We never sell personal information , or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission .
Where we store your personal information
10.1 The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) in order to carry out the activities listed in Use of Your Information .
Changes to this Policy
11.1 If we change our Policy , we will post the changes on this page .
Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy .
If you do n't feel we 're adhering to this Policy , what should you do

Last Updated : August 28 , 2012
Please note that our Sites and Mobile Content are under constant development .
New services are added frequently and this agreement may therefore be modified and updated on an ongoing basis .
It is important to check back to this page regularly .
At the Atlantic Monthly Group , Inc .
( `` The Atlantic '' ) , we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy .
Our privacy policy below describes the information we collect , how we use it , and the choices you have regarding collection and use of your personal information .
This policy applies to all websites and online services operated by The Atlantic , including theatlantic.com and theatlanticwire.com , as well as to the content and services we provide to mobile users , through WAP and apps available on mobile devices such as Apple 's iPhone and iPad ( collectively , our `` Sites '' or `` Sites and Mobile Content '' ) .
( App purchases are typically also subject to the terms and conditions of the entity that operates the app store , which are accessible on that entity 's website . )
Our Sites may automatically recognize your domain name , IP address , browser version , operating system and the website you passed through to reach us .
In addition , our Sites automatically gather certain usage information , like the numbers and frequency of visits to the Sites and their areas - very much like television ratings that tell how many people tuned in to a program .
The information we obtain in providing Mobile Content varies depending on the practices of your device manufacturer , service provider , and choices available to you as a user .
Some features of our Sites do offer you the option of providing information such as your name , e-mail address , postal address , phone number , organization , location , or any other identifying information .
As described in greater detail below , such information will only be used to provide you with products or services you have requested or additional information about the Sites or their affiliates .
( You may also provide us with such information in the course of subscribing to The Atlantic magazine or other offerings from The Atlantic - details of how we use such information are also provided below . )
Information gathered through the use of cookies is not used by our Sites to track any personally identifiable details .
How We Use What We Learn
The information we collect is used to improve the content of The Atlantic magazine and our Sites and to keep you apprised of important developments .
For example , we may use personally identifiable information to contact you as part of an online survey about our editorial offerings , inform you of material changes or additions to our services , advise you of account status , or contact you in order to comply with any legal requirements .
Also , we compile and use your information so that we may keep you apprised of special offers , as well as additional products that may be of interest to you .
In some cases , we may share personally identifiable information to contact you ( sometimes through a vendor or business partner ) for the reasons we have described .
What We Tell Others About You
We will not sell or rent or willfully disclose any personally identifying information obtained through the Sites ( other than in connection with magazine subscriptions ordered , as explained below ) to a party outside Atlantic Media Company , its divisions , its affiliated publications ( such as National Journal , National Journal Daily , Government Executive , and NextGov ) , its vendors providing Internet hosting services , or third party list managers , without first receiving the user 's permission .
We do not collect personally identifying information from our visitors , other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis .
From time to time we allow reputable companies , whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers , to contact these subscribers using the addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to The Atlantic 's print edition .
( We do not share these addresses directly with these companies , however -- only with a third party who administers the process on our behalf . )
Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing , calling , or writing us ( see addresses below ) .
We may provide statistical usage data in the aggregate -- not information about you personally -- to our partners about how visitors use the Sites .
From time to time we conduct research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us upon registration , on order forms , as well as from our server log files or from surveys .
We do this to better understand and serve our users .
This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and we may share this aggregated data with advertisers or other businesses .
In some cases , we may disclose information about you to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process , to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites , or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , The Atlantic reserves the right to transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
What Are Cookies And How Do We Use Them
The Sites place a `` cookie '' on the browser of a user 's computer to gather and store basic tracking information and to monitor the presentation of advertisements .
We may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns .
For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session .
Cookies are also used to restrict access to certain areas of the Sites to bona fide subscribers and to enable you to set up customized alerts that no other subscribers are permitted to see .
Cookies are not related to any personally identifiable information and are not used to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie
Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our Sites may also use their own cookies .
You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by the Sites by changing the setting on your browser .
Some browsers are set to refuse all cookies , or to restrict the conditions under which they are set .
Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by us .
If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your ability not to accept these cookies , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out page here .
If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites , please visit the consumer opt-out page for the Self Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising here ( currently in beta )
Some online advertising for the Sites is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick , a Google company .
The Sites contain links to other sites , including those produced by other organizations .
Additionally , our advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our Sites , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those sites .
Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies .
Kids under 13 : Do not send us any information about yourself , such as your name , address , or e-mail address .
Parents : These Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Sites .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Sites without verifiable parental consent , we will delete such information from our records .
We have in place reasonable physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online .
However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , websites , or services , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet .
What if I am a Non-U.S . User
Please note that the Sites are directed towards users who reside in the United States .
It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside of the United States .
If you are located outside of the United States , the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States whose laws may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as your home country .
By using this web site , you consent to this transfer .
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the federal and other courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the District of Columbia .
This Privacy Policy may be changed at any time at our discretion .
How Can I Request that my Personally Identifiable Information not be Shared ? How Can I Review My Personally Identifiable Information
As indicated above , if you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing , calling or writing us ( see addresses below ) .
Similarly , please contact us at the same addresses if at any time you wish to review your personally identifiable information .
Atlantic Monthly Group , Inc .
600 New Hampshire Avenue , NW
Washington , DC 20037
Palm Coast , FL 32142-0235
Atlantic Monthly Group , Inc .
600 New Hampshire Avenue , NW
Washington , DC 20037

Farlex , Inc .
Effective date : December 2004
Statistical Information about your Visit
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Disclosure by Law and Protection of Farlex
Facilitating the Support , Renewal , and Purchase of our Products and Services .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Farlex is a privately owned corporation operating in Pennsylvania , USA .
Farlex is committed to providing you with excellent service for all of our products .
We respect your right to privacy , and have developed this Privacy Statement to inform you about our privacy practices for the entire Farlex Web site and all its entities ( which includes the farlex.com , thefreedictionary.com , thefreelibrary.com , tfd.com , and spellingcenter.com domains ) .
Privacy is of great concern to most users of the Internet , and is a critical part of an enjoyable and satisfactory user experience .
We at Farlex are sensitive to the privacy concerns of our subscribers and other visitors to our Web sites .
Whether you are a subscriber or a visitor to our site , we assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us .
If you are subscribing to our premium products , you may be asked to provide certain personal and credit card information .
Please note , however , that we are asking for this information for the limited purposes of managing your subscription .
You should also be assured that we do not provide or sell information about our customers or site visitors to anyone except our payment gateway provider for the sole purpose of credit card processing .
Please note that our sites contain links to other sites .
Farlex is not responsible for the privacy practices , privacy statements , or content regarding these other sites .
Information We Gather from You
We do not collect any personal information from a visitor to our sites unless that visitor explicitly and intentionally provides it .
Under no circumstances do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership , health , or sex life .
If you are simply browsing our sites , we do not gather any personal information about you .
If you choose to subscribe to our premium products or services , we will request certain information from you such as your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , and credit card information .
Statistical Information about your Visit
When you visit our sites , our computers may automatically collect statistics about your visit .
This information does not identify you personally , but rather about your visit to our sites .
We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our sites , the user 's IP address , which pages people visit on our sites , from which domains our visitors reach our sites , and which browsers people use .
We use these statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only .
These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our Web sites .
Our Commitment to Children 's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important .
For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 .
A `` cookie '' is a piece of information that our web sites send to your browser , which then is stored on your system .
A user can use our web sites without cookies ; however , our systems need cookies for premium content in order to identify you as a premium subscriber .
You may disable or delete the cookies at any time .
Many users prefer to use cookies in order to help them navigate a Web site as seamlessly as possible .
You should be aware that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer , and they are not able to `` invade '' your hard drive and return to the sender any personal or other information from your computer .
To find more information about cookies :
We may use third-party advertising companies , such as Google , Yahoo ! , Microsoft ) to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , see the Digital Advertising Alliance 's or Network Advertising Initiative 's website .
Disclosure by Law and Protection of Farlex
If we are required by law to disclose certain information to local , state , federal , national or international law enforcement authorities , we will do so .
We will also disclose information to third parties as necessary in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations .
In addition , Farlex may share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud , or enforce or apply our agreements .
We consider the protection of all personally identifiable information we receive from our Web site visitors and subscribers as critical to our corporate mission .
Please be assured that we have security measures in place to protect against the loss and misuse of any information we receive from you .
As with any transmission over the Internet , however , there is always some element of risk involved in sending personal information .
In order to try to minimize this risk , we encrypt all information that you submit in ordering of our premium products using the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) protocol .
We also have partnered with Authorize.net , one of the most reputable and experienced credit card payment companies in the World to handle our users ' online transactions .
Facilitating the Support , Renewal , and Purchase of our Products and Services
We may use the information you submit to contact you to discuss the support , renewal , and purchase of our premium products and services .
You may receive a communication directly from one of our customer care representatives .
Please be assured that we will keep the communications to a minimum and you will have an option to block any communication from us if your subscriptions are cancelled .
Please be aware that we reserve the right to notify our subscribers of any information that affects the status of current subscriptions .
You may not opt out of receiving information regarding the expiration and renewal of the subscriptions , account balances or the payment history and status .
Changes to this Privacy Statement
If a material change is made to this Privacy Statement and/or the way we use our customers ' personally identifiable information , a prominent notice of the nature of the change will be posted on this Privacy Statement and the current subscribers will be notified as soon as possible .
Our contact information is available at the Farlex home page .

Scope And Application Of The Globe Privacy Code :
The scope and application of the Globe Privacy Code are as follows :
The Globe Privacy Code applies to Personal Information about Globe Employees and non-employee Persons who interact with Globe that is collected , used or disclosed by Globe .
Employees in this context includes past and present employees and independent contractors of Globe .
Non-employee Persons in this context includes Individuals who are viewers , readers , subscribers , advertisers , contest participants , job applicants , Internet users who are exposed to the media content of Globe or a Globe Company and about whom Globe collects Personal Information .
The Globe Privacy Code applies to the management of Personal Information in any form whether oral , electronic or written .
Globe reserves the right to amend this Globe Privacy Code from time to time .
The application of the Globe Privacy Code is subject to the requirements or provisions of any applicable legislation , regulations or agreements ( such as collective agreements ) , or the order of any court or other lawful authority .
Exclusions from privacy protection : The Globe Privacy Code does not impose any limits on the collection , use or disclosure of the following information by a Globe Company : a ) information that is publicly available , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and electronic address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ; b ) business-contact information , such as the name , title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ; c ) information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or d ) aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Globe customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Purposes for Collection of Personal Information :
Globe has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes : a ) to establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ; b ) to understand Individual needs ; c ) to develop , enhance , market or provide products and services ; d ) to manage and develop its business and operations , including personnel and employment matters ; and e ) to meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Globe corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Globe , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :
Globe may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Globe products and services ;
if a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from Globe or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Globe may send the Person materials about products and services that Globe feels may be of interest to the Person ; and
if a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Globe website , Globe may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Globe will make a reasonable effort to make sure Persons understand how their Personal Information will be used by Globe .
Globe will obtain consent from Persons before or when it collects or uses the Personal Information .
Globe will not attempt to deceive Persons into giving consent .
A Person 's consent can be express , implied , or given through an authorized representative .
A Person can withdraw consent at any time , with certain exceptions noted herein .
Globe , however , may collect , use or disclose Personal Information without the Person 's knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection , use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law .
Note : If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Globe 's privacy practices , the Person can either :
write to Customer Service - Privacy , The Globe and Mail , 444 Front St. West , Toronto , ON , M5V 2S9 ; or
provide information to Globe by sending an email with your inquiry ( click here ) .
Refusing or withdrawing Consent :
Subject to legal and contractual requirements , a Person can refuse to consent to Globe 's collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information about the Person , or a Person may withdraw the Person 's consent to Globe 's further collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information at any time in the future by giving Globe reasonable notice , unless : i ) the consent relates to certain information required for credit approval which a Person applies for or accepts , ii ) the consent is otherwise required by law or iii ) the use or disclosure is permitted by law or is related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
If a Person refuses or withdraws the Person 's consent , Globe may not be able to provide the Person or continue to provide the Person with some products , services or information which may be of value to the Person .
Personal Information may be collected by Globe or third-party service providers on Globe 's behalf .
Although information collected , used or disclosed on the Internet as described below often does not constitute Personal Information ( and to the extent that such is the case , then the obligations under the Globe Privacy Code do not extend to such information ) , Globe provides the details below about Internet aspects of Globe Companies Services for the purposes of disclosure about Globe Companies Services .
Internet Protocol Address ( IP Address )
When the user 's web browser requests a web page from another computer on the Internet , it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information .
This address is called the computer 's `` IP address . ''
For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider ( ISP ) , the IP address will be different every time the user logs on .
Globe Companies may use the user 's IP Address to :
facilitate the diagnosis and remedy of a technical problem reported by the user 's or Globe Company 's technical team .
display ( or allow the display by Third Party advertising providers of ) more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on the user 's geographic area , demographic profile and site session behaviour .
estimate user traffic from specific countries or organizations .
Many IP addresses are commonly associated with Internet service providers , universities , or major corporations in specific regions or localities .
Aggregate information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers .
A cookie is a small text file , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , that is sent to the user 's web browser from a website 's computers and is stored on the user 's computer 's hard drive .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to a user 's computer .
Globe Companies may use cookies to :
improve the operation and performance of the Globe Companies Services and to make Globe Companies Services easier and more convenient to use .
For example , cookies help Globe Companies provide more personalized services by recalling user preferences on subsequent visits ( e.g . language preference ) .
Cookies also allow Globe Companies to save passwords and preferences for a user so that the user will not have to re-enter them on the next visit to a Globe Companies Site ;
measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to Globe Companies Services and advertisements ( e.g . number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) .
This information helps Globe Companies to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides Globe Companies with details as to the performance of Third Party advertisements and content .
This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to Globe Companies ' current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners .
No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ;
Globe Companies and Third Party advertising providers may use cookies when serving advertisements on Globe Companies Sites .
Anonymous data based on cookies and user IP Addresses may be used to deliver advertisements that are likely to be of interest to the applicable users ( `` Interest-based Advertising '' ) .
In some cases , advertisements from Third Party advertisers are delivered to users ( in conjunction with Globe Companies Services ) by such Third Party advertisers , or by separately contracted advertising providers on their behalf , and not by Globe Companies ; as such , the Third-party advertisers ' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not the Globe Privacy Code , and users should consult the privacy policies of such Third Party advertisers .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
If a user prefers , the user can reset his/her browser either to notify the user when the user has received a cookie , or to refuse to accept cookies .
The user should understand that while Globe Companies do not require a user to use cookies , certain Globe Companies Services will not function properly if a user sets his/her browser to not accept cookies .
To opt-out of Interest Based advertising by AppNexus Inc. , a Third Party provider of services to The Globe , click here .
Certain Globe Companies Services may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that allow Globe Companies to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services .
Web beacons are not used to access Personal Information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about Globe Companies service usage .
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides .
Certain Globe Companies Services web pages may also contain Web beacons placed there by Globe Companies ' advertising partners to help Globe Companies determine the effectiveness of Globe Companies ' Internet advertising campaigns .
Links To Other Sites And Advertisements
A Globe Companies Service may contain links to other websites and services .
While Globe Companies try to link only to sites and services that share Globe Companies ' high standards and respect for privacy , a user should understand that Globe Companies are not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites .
This Globe Privacy Code applies only to the Globe Companies Services related to this Globe Privacy Code .
The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with Globe Companies Services are served through one or more reputable Third Party advertisement-serving companies which deliver the advertisements to users in conjunction with Globe Companies Services .
For more information about what information is collected and how information is used by a major Third Party advertising provider click here .
Globe Companies automatically collect certain information about the user 's computer hardware and software .
This information may include : browser type , operating system type , domain names , access times and referring website addresses .
This information is used by Globe Companies to operate the service , to maintain the quality of the service , and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Globe Companies Sites .
Certain Globe Companies Services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company .
If a user registers for or uses such services , both Globe Companies and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services .
The Globe Privacy Code in Detail
Globe Companies - all companies providing communications services under The Globe and Mail Inc. including its subsidiaries , and any successor company or companies thereof , as a result of corporate reorganization or restructuring .
Collection - the act of gathering , acquiring , recording or obtaining Personal Information from any source , including third parties , by any means .
Consent - voluntary agreement with the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information for defined purposes .
Consent can be either express or implied and can be provided directly by the Person or by an authorized representative .
Express consent can be given orally , electronically or in writing but is always unequivocal and does not require any inference on the part of Globe .
Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from a Person 's action or inaction .
Disclosure - making Personal Information available to a Third Party .
Employee - an employee or independent contractor ( including freelancers ) 1 of Globe .
1The inclusion of independent contractors , including freelancers , within the definition of `` Employee '' is for convenience of reference only , and does in no manner imply that such individuals are employees of the company within the meaning of employment legislation or are in an employee-employer relationship with the company .
Individual - an individual other than an Employee who ( a ) corresponds with Globe , including complaints and including applications for employment ; ( b ) enters an contest sponsored by Globe ; or ( c ) uses , or applies to use , the products or services of Globe .
Person - an Employee or an Individual .
Personal Information - information about an identifiable Person , but not : a ) information that is publicly available , such as a Person 's name , address , telephone number and electronic address , when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ; b ) business-contact information , such as the name , title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ; c ) information collected , used or disclosed in the course of journalistic , literary or artistic activities ; or d ) aggregate information that can not be associated with a specific person , such as demographic statistics about Globe customers , or number of visitors and average time spent on a website .
Third Party - a person other than the Person or his agent , or an organization other than a Globe Company .
Use - the treatment , handling , and management of Personal Information by the Globe Companies .
Principle 1 - Accountability
Globe is responsible for Personal Information under its control and shall designate one or more persons who are accountable for Globe 's compliance with the following principles .
1.1 Responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of the Globe Privacy Code rests with the senior management of Globe , which shall designate one or more persons to be accountable for compliance with the Globe Privacy Code .
Other people within Globe Companies may be delegated to act on behalf of the designated person ( s ) or to take responsibility for the day-to- day collection and processing of Personal Information .
1.2 Globe has designated a Chief Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with the Globe Privacy Code .
The Chief Privacy Officer can be contacted at Chief Privacy Officer , 444 Front Street West , Toronto , Ontario , M5V 2S9 .
1.3 Globe is responsible for Personal Information in its possession or control , including information that has been transferred to a Third Party for processing .
Globe shall use appropriate means to provide a comparable level of protection while information is being processed by a Third Party ( see Principle 7 ) .
1.4 Globe has implemented policies and procedures to give effect to the Globe Privacy Code , including : a ) implementing procedures to protect Personal Information and to oversee Globe 's compliance with the Globe Privacy Code ; b ) establishing procedures to receive and respond to inquiries or complaints ; c ) training and communicating to staff about Globe 's policies and practices ; and d ) developing public information to explain Globe 's policies and practices .
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
Globe has collected and collects Personal Information for the purposes set out below , and shall identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected at or before the time the information is collected .
2.1 Globe has collected and collects Personal Information for the following purposes : a ) to establish and maintain responsible commercial relations with Individuals and to provide ongoing service ; b ) to understand Individual needs ; c ) to develop , enhance , market or provide products and services ; d ) to manage and develop its business and operations , including personnel and employment matters ; and e ) to meet legal or regulatory requirements , including to protect or defend a legal interest , and in connection with an actual or possible Globe corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Globe , provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the information either for evaluation of the possible transaction , or , on completion of any such transaction , for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy .
As examples of the above :
Globe may from time to time use a Person 's Personal Information to contact the Person about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to Globe products and services ;
if a Person indicated that he/she was interested in receiving offers or information from Globe or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Globe may send the Person materials about products and services that Globe feels may be of interest to the Person ; and
if a Person enters a contest or other promotion offered on a Globe website , Globe may , under the rules of the promotion , use the Person 's name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion .
Further references to `` identified purposes '' mean the purposes identified in this Principle 2 .
2.2 Globe shall specify orally , electronically or in writing the identified purposes to the Person at or before the time Personal Information is collected .
Upon request , persons collecting Personal Information shall explain these identified purposes or refer the Person to a designated person within Globe who shall explain the purposes .
2.3 Unless required by law , Globe shall not use or disclose , for any new purpose , Personal Information that has been collected without first identifying the new purpose and obtaining the consent of the Person .
Principle 3 - Obtaining Consent for Collection , Use or Disclosure of Personal Information
The knowledge and consent of a Person are required for the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information , except where inappropriate .
3.1 Generally , Globe shall seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information at the same time it collects the information .
However , Globe may seek consent to use and disclose Personal Information after it has been collected but before it is used or disclosed for a new purpose .
3.2 In obtaining consent , Globe shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that a Person is advised of the identified purposes for which Personal Information will be used or disclosed .
Purposes shall be stated in a manner that can be reasonably understood by the Person .
3.3 Globe will require Individuals to consent to the collection , use or disclosure of Personal Information as a condition of the supply of a product or service only if such collection , use or disclosure is required to fulfill the identified purposes .
3.4 In determining the appropriate form of consent , Globe shall take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Information and the reasonable expectations of the Persons .
3.5 In general , the use of products and services by an Individual , or the acceptance of employment or benefits by an Employee , constitutes implied consent for Globe to collect , use and disclose Personal Information for all identified purposes .
3.6 An Individual may withdraw consent at any time , subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice .
Individuals may contact Globe for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent .
3.7 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
For example , Globe may collect or use Personal Information without knowledge or consent if it is clearly in the interests of the Person and consent can not be obtained in a timely way , such as when the Person is a minor , seriously ill or mentally incapacitated .
`` The Globe may from time to time engage outside suppliers , including technology providers . ''
Globe may also collect , use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent if seeking the consent of the Person might defeat the purpose of collecting the information such as in the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law .
Globe may also use or disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent in the case of an emergency where the life , health or security of an individual or property is threatened .
Globe may disclose Personal Information without knowledge or consent to collect a debt , to comply with a subpoena , warrant or other court order , or as may be otherwise related to the legal or regulatory requirements described herein .
The Globe , its outside suppliers and other third parties to whom we disclose information under this policy may perform activities outside of Canada .
As a result , your information may be securely used , stored or accessed in other countries and may be subject to the laws of those countries .
For example , information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from government authorities , courts , or law enforcement in these countries .
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection of Personal Information
Globe shall limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Globe .
Globe shall collect Personal Information by fair and lawful means .
4.1 Globe collects Personal Information primarily from Individuals or its Employees .
4.2 Globe may also collect Personal Information from other sources including credit bureaus , employers or personal references , or other third parties that represent that they have the right to disclose the information .
Principle 5 - Limiting Use , Disclosure and Retention of Personal Information
Globe shall not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected , except with the consent of the Person or as required by law .
Globe shall retain Personal Information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected .
5.1 In certain circumstances Personal Information can be collected , used or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the Person .
( See Principle 3.7 )
5.2 In addition , Globe may disclose a Person 's Personal Information to : a ) another person for the development , enhancement , marketing or provision of any of the products or services of Globe ; b ) a person who , in the reasonable judgment of the Globe Companies , is seeking the information as an agent of the Person ; c ) any Globe Companies to permit the provision of services requested by the Person , and d ) a Third Party or Third Parties , where the Person consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required by law .
5.3 Globe may disclose Personal Information about its employees : a ) for normal personnel and benefits administration ; b ) in the context of providing references regarding current or former employees in response to requests from prospective employers ; or c ) where disclosure is required by law .
5.4 Only those Employees of Globe who require access for business reasons , or whose duties reasonably so require , or properly designated representatives of Globe , are granted access to Personal Information about Individuals and Employees .
5.5 Globe shall keep Personal Information only as long as it remains necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or as required by law .
Depending on the circumstances , where Personal Information has been used to make a decision about a Person , Globe shall retain , for a period of time that is reasonably sufficient to allow for access by the Person , either the actual information or the rationale for making the decision .
5.6 Globe shall maintain reasonable and systematic controls , schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to Personal Information that is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or required by law to be retained .
Such information shall be destroyed , erased or made anonymous .
Principle 6 - Accuracy of Personal Information
Personal Information shall be as accurate , complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used .
6.1 Personal Information used by Globe shall be sufficiently accurate , complete and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about a Person .
6.2 Globe shall update Personal Information about Persons as and when necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or upon notification by the Person .
Principle 7 - Security Safeguards
Globe shall protect Personal Information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information .
7.1 Globe shall protect Personal Information against such risks as loss or theft , unauthorized access , disclosure , copying , use , modification or destruction , through appropriate security measures .
Globe shall protect the information regardless of the format in which it is held .
7.2 Globe shall protect Personal Information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used .
7.3 All employees of Globe with access to Personal Information shall be required as a condition of employment to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information .
Principle 8 - Openness Concerning Policies and Practices
Globe shall make readily available to Persons specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of Personal Information .
8.1 Globe shall make information about its policies and practices easy to understand , including : a ) The title and address of the person or persons accountable for the compliance with the Globe Privacy Code and to whom inquiries or complaints can be forwarded ; b ) The means of gaining access to Personal Information held by Globe ; and c ) A description of the type of Personal Information held by Globe , including a general account of its use .
8.2 Globe shall make available information to help Persons exercise choices regarding the use of their Personal Information .
Principle 9 - Access to Personal Information
Globe shall inform a Person of the existence , use and disclosure of his or her Personal Information upon request and shall give the Person access to that information .
A Person shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the Personal Information and have it amended as appropriate .
9.1 Upon request , Globe shall afford to a Person a reasonable opportunity to review the Personal Information in the Person 's file .
Personal Information shall be provided in understandable form within a reasonable time and at minimal or no cost to the Person .
9.2 In certain situations , Globe may not be able to provide access to all of the Personal Information that they hold about a Person .
For example , Globe may not provide access to information if doing so would likely reveal Personal Information about a Third Party or could reasonably be expected to threaten the life or security of another person .
Also , Globe may not provide access to information if disclosure would reveal confidential commercial information , if the information is protected by solicitor-client privilege , if the information was generated in the course of a formal dispute resolution process , or if the information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law , or if the information was collected as part of journalistic , literary or artistic activities .
If access to Personal Information can not be provided , Globe shall provide the reasons for denying access upon request .
9.3 Upon request , Globe shall provide an account of the use and disclosure of Personal Information and , where reasonably possible , shall state the source of the information .
In providing an account of disclosure , Globe shall provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed Personal Information about the individual when it is not possible to provide an actual list .
9.4 In order to safeguard Personal Information , an individual or employee may be required to provide sufficient identification information to permit Globe to account for the existence , use and disclosure of Personal Information and to authorize access to the individual 's file .
Any such information shall be used only for this purpose .
9.5 Globe shall promptly correct or complete any Personal Information found to be inaccurate or incomplete .
Any unresolved differences as to accuracy or completeness shall be noted in the Person 's file .
Where appropriate , Globe shall transmit to third parties having access to the Personal Information in question any amended information or the existence of any unresolved differences .
9.6 A Person can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting a designated representative at Globe principal office .
9.7 An employee can obtain information or seek access to his or her Personal Information by contacting his or her immediate supervisor within Globe .
Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance
A Person shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated person or persons accountable for the compliance of Globe with the Globe Privacy Code .
10.1 Globe shall maintain procedures for addressing and responding to all inquiries or complaints from Persons about Globe 's handling of their Personal Information .
If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Globe 's privacy practices , the Person can either :
write to Customer Service - Privacy , The Globe and Mail , 444 Front St. West , Toronto , ON , M5V 2S9 ; or
provide information to Globe by sending an email with your inquiry ( click here ) .
10.2 Globe shall inform Persons about the existence of these procedures as well as the availability of complaint procedures .
10.3 The person or persons accountable for compliance with the Globe Privacy Code may seek external advice where appropriate before providing a final response to individual complaints .
10.4 Globe shall investigate all complaints concerning compliance with the Globe Privacy Code .
If a complaint is found to be justified , Globe shall take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint including , if necessary , amending its policies and procedures .
A Person shall be informed of the outcome of the investigation regarding his or her complaint .

theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00 BST
This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( `` our sites '' ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( `` GNM '' ) .
If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy .
At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons :
To provide personalised services unique to individual users .
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer
To sell advertising space on the site .
This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it .
If we have permission from the user , to market services to them .
There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide .
Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites .
Please follow the links below for further information .
How we use your information
Using information about children
Updating your personal information
Who we share information with
Legal information and how to contact us
Changes to the privacy policy
1 We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately .
- we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and
- we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures .
2 We will respect your privacy .
You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen .
We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing .
However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests .
We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions .
4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it .
5 We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely .
6 Our site is accessible via the internet .
This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article .
7 If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place .
How we use your information
What information do we collect ?
We collect information on you :
when you use the website
if you choose to reveal information in postings , and
when you enter sales promotions and competitions .
Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed .
In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide .
The minimum information we need to register you is your email address and a password .
We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions .
Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions .
We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are .
This also allows us to personalize services for you .
After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you .
At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to 'unsubscribe ' .
Logging in using social networking credentials
If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity .
You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile .
This will also allow us and Facebook to share your , networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings .
If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us .
This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity .
You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile .
This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings .
If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information .
If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username .
Use of children 's data
Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 .
'Children 's books ' is a service for children .
However , they need parental permission to join .
We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published .
Updating your personal information
We offer a 'My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences .
You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the 'My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in .
Who we share data with
We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission .
If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully .
We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites .
We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy .
Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies .
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users .
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply .
We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards .
We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA .
Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the 'Facebook Recommend ' function ) .
These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages .
If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site .
For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies .
We use cookies for a number of reasons .
1 For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites .
We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries .
2 We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) .
Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk .
3 We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it .
You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy .
4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been .
Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use .
You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can 'opt out ' .
5 We may use 'Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) .
If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content .
You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising .
This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies .
However , you will still be able to see our editorial content .
6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you .
For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies .
By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described .
In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) .
OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website .
It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site .
It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you .
As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests .
For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink .
It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number .
We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners .
This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com .
We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites .
Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites .
For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing .
This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase .
The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here .
If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites .
It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you .
If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US . )
Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers .
Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application .
Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue .
Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a 'sponsored feature ' , 'advertisement feature ' or 'sponsor 's content ' .
Legal information and how to contact us
Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 we have to say who the 'data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites .
The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU .
If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above .
If you have a dispute with us
Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce .
As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework .
If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) .
For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 .
If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company .
For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above .
The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English .
Changes to the privacy policy
Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here .
Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details .
Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes .
Changes to this policy by date
November 2004 : cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added .
May 2008 : principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated .
August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed `` advertising and affiliate links '' added .
July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the 'Who we share data with ' section has been updated .
September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added .
October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added .
February 2012 : Additional provision included in 'How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data .
April 2012 : Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication .
February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added .
May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added .
July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com .
August 2013 : Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark .

The user agrees that by entering this website , the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of Kasturi & Sons Limited ( KSL ) .
KSL hosts several online publications including `` The Hindu '' , `` Business Line '' , `` Sportstar '' , `` Frontline '' , etc. , which can be accessed through The Hindu Group 's main website .
This privacy policy is applicable to all of KSL 's `` Online Publications '' .
User agrees that usage/browsing of the `` Online Publications '' may lead to the user 's device information , visits to and use of this website ( including [ IP address , geographical location , browser type and version , operating system , referral source , length of visit , page views , website navigation , pixel tag , etc [ hereinafter to be referred to as `` information '' ] being accessible to KSL and/or third party .
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user 's computer 's hard drive .
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the `` Online Publications '' on the user 's computer 's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user 's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the `` Online Publications '' .
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic .
KSL only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from KSL 's system .
Overall , cookies are made to provide the user with a better website , by enabling KSL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not .
A cookie in no way gives access to the user 's computer or any information about the user , other than the data the user chooses to share .
Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [ viz . Facebook , Google Plus , Pinit etc ] .
However , once the user shares/ uses these links KSL does not have any control over other websites .
Therefore KSL can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites .
Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy .
The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question .
User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user 's own privacy and personal details .
KSL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question .
User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user 's own discretion .
Social media and other platforms may track and save user 's request to share a web page respectively through user 's social media platform and other accounts .
User is invited to submit user comments , questions , ideas , reviews or any other information concerning KSL and the website 's contents , provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation .
KSL reserves the right to remove or edit such content .
All such submissions should not be illegal , obscene , threatening , defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others .
Kasturi and Sons Limited
No . 859 & 860 Anna Salai ,
KSL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page .
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy .

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective September 9 , 2008 .
Welcome to thekitchn.com .
thekitchn.com ( `` Website '' ) is an interactive online service operated by Apartment Therapy , LLC ( `` us '' , `` we '' , or `` our '' ) .
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Website .
We have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) to explain what information may be collected on our Website , how we use this information , and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources .
This Privacy Policy , together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website , sets forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website .
Depending on your activities when visiting our Website , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions .
We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website and you should review it frequently , as it may change from time to time without notice .
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy .
WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE , IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE .
If , at any point , we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected , we will notify users of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us .
Users will have a choice ( by means of an opt out opportunity ) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected if you opt out of the new policy .
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you , that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us .
Personally Identifiable Information :
Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc .
As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website .
In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Website .
For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website , using our online store , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc . ) when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a product rating and recommendation on our Website .
Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone ( e.g. , your age ) , but may become so when combined with other information ( e.g. , your age and name ) .
Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website .
Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you .
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous .
We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us , either separately or together with your personally identifiable information .
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website .
This information can include , among other things , IP addresses , the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) , the third party website from which your visit originated , the operating system you are using ( e.g. , Vista , Windows XP , Macintosh OS , etc . ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , NetZero , etc . ) , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits .
HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personally Identifiable Information :
The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information .
We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( `` affiliated companies '' ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website .
You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below .
In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) -- e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , deliver our merchandise , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc .
Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests .
In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with participating sponsors to a program or promotion ( e.g. , a sweepstakes or contest ) you enter via our Website , and with third parties who assist us in using the content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website ( e.g. , production companies we may use ) .
Further , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships .
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy , our Terms of Use , or as set forth when you submit the information , your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval .
We use non-personal information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities , and to improve our services .
We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others .
We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others , but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you .
OTHER USES & INFORMATION
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet .
Web servers ( computers that `` serve up '' web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses .
We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration , to report non-personal aggregate information to others , and to track the use of our Website .
IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above .
It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us .
However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
Cookies , etc . :
`` Cookies '' are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive .
These text files make using our Website more convenient by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you .
Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information .
We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and other technological tools we employ ( such as clear gifs/web beacons ) and match this information with data provided by you or another party .
We may provide our analysis and certain non-personal information to third parties ( who may in turn use this information to provide advertisements tailored to your interests ) , but this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information .
Please note that advertisers that serve advertisements on our Website may also use their own cookies and other technological tools which are subject to the advertiser 's privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy .
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive .
You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs .
Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies .
If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference .
For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email .
However , aside from our reply to such an email , it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications , it relates to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc . ) , we are sending you information about our other products and services , or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose .
In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others .
You may `` opt out '' of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the `` unsubscribe '' link included at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below ; provided , however , we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications .
Transfer of Assets :
As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets .
If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed .
Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties .
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to notices and counternotices pursuant to our DMCA notice and takedown policy and procedures and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public .
Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California , under certain provisions of the California Civil Code , have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes .
You are limited to one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response .
You may request the information in writing at :
Apartment Therapy , LLC
270 Lafayette Street , Suite 1204
New York , NY 10012
Attn : California Privacy Request
We may offer chat rooms , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate .
The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums .
We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum .
Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website .
The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control .
Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information .
In the unfortunate event that your `` personally identifiable information '' ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation .
From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems .
OTHER SITES / LINKS
Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website .
We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information .
CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION
We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website .
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Site , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Site .
2008 , Apartment Therapy , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .

Welcome to The Onion .
Onion , Inc. , producer of The Onion , A.V .
Club and The Onion Websites , believes that electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service , commercial , and entertainment medium .
We know you 're concerned about protecting your privacy online .
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and how we use that information .
In this Privacy Policy , `` The Onion Websites '' or `` the Websites '' means the websites associated with the domain names theonion.com and avclub.com .
`` The Services '' means all the services offered in conjunction with the Websites , except the services offered through The Onion personals at personals.theonion.com .
[ Click here ] to access the Privacy Policy associated with The Onion personals .
`` The Onion '' means Onion , Inc. , the owner of the Websites and the provider of the Services .
The term `` Personal Data '' refers to personally identifiable information about you , such as your full name , birth date , e-mail address or mailing address , phone number and any other information that can be used to identify or contact you .
By using The Onion Websites , you consent to the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy .
The Onion reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy , and if we do , any such changes will be included on this page so current privacy information will always be available to you .
We encourage you check this page periodically .
No Collection of Personal Data from Children under 13 .
We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections for the Personal Data of children under 13 .
The Children 's Online Privacy and Protection Act ( `` COPPA '' ) requires general audience website operators to obtain a parent 's prior consent if they are knowingly collecting , using or disclosing any Personal Data from a child under 13 .
The Onion Websites are not directed to or intended to be used by children under 13 ( or under 18 for that matter ) , and The Onion does not knowingly collect , use or disclose any Personal Data from children under 13 .
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible .
Personal Data Collected .
The only Personal Data The Onion currently collects through the The Onion Websites is the Personal Data that you voluntarily provide to The Onion .
For example , all users must first create a member account in order to access certain features of the The Onion Websites .
To create the account , you must enter Personal Data , such as your full name and email address .
Users must also enter Personal Data , such as full name , address , phone number , email address , and credit card information to complete sales transactions in the The Onion store .
Users of the social networking features on The Onion Websites may also enter Personal Data to create a social networking page and user profile .
The information on the social networking page and the user profile , including any Personal Data , will also be available to other users of The Onion Websites .
Instead of creating new account information for The Onion Websites , users may choose to use their existing `` facebook '' personal account information .
Other data that does not qualify as Personal Data because it can not be used to contact or identify you ( `` Non-Personal Data '' ) may also be collected when a user participates in certain features of the The Onion Websites , or may be automatically collected about you .
For example , The Onion uses technology to automatically collect Non-Personal Data about the use of the The Onion Websites .
This technology is used to track things like how many users access the The Onion Website , the date and time of their visits , the length of their stays , and which pages they view .
The Onion may also use technology to determine which web browsers users use and the address from which they accessed the Websites .
The information collected using this technology does not identify any user personally and is thus all Non-Personal Data that simply enables The Onion to compile statistics about users and their use of the The Onion Websites .
The Onion uses this Non-Personal Data and may share it with third parties to improve the content and functionality of the The Onion Websites , to better understand our customers and markets , and to improve our products and services .
We may also use this information to provide you with targeted advertising , so that the advertisements you may see on The Onion Websites are of more interest to you .
We may store certain information from your web browser using `` cookies . ''
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user .
We may use session-ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in .
These cookies would terminate once the user closes the web browser .
We may also use persistent cookies that store certain Personal Data you already provided to us to make it easier for you to log back in to The Onion Websites or access your shopping cart .
Cookies are used as a convenience feature for the user .
You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser if you want to disable them .
Use of Personal Data Collected .
The Onion uses the Personal Data collected on the Websites to provide you with the requested Services .
If you enter Personal Data to create a member account , for example , that Personal Data will be used to create your account and allow that user to access certain features of The Onion Websites .
If you enter Personal Data to create a social networking page and user profile , that Personal Data will be available to other users of The Onion Websites on your social networking page .
If you enter Personal Data to complete a purchase at The Onion store , that Personal Data will be used to complete your purchase and contact you with any questions related to that purchase .
The Onion may also use the Personal Data to contact you for a variety of reasons , such as but not limited to notifying you about upcoming events , offering you additional products or services , or requesting your feedback on The Onion Websites .
Even if you opt-out of certain contacts , The Onion may still contact you about any problems or issues with your personal account , social networking page or user profile .
Disclosure of Personal Data Collected .
The Onion may disclose Personal Data to third parties when ( a ) it is reasonably necessary to provide you with the Services , ( b ) you have authorized the disclosure , or ( c ) if required or authorized to do so by law .
For example , when you choose to use the social networking features of The Onion Websites , it is necessary for The Onion to disclose the information on your social networking page and your user profile information , including Personal Data , to other users of The Onion Websites .
Without disclosure of this information , no one could contact you and there would be no social networking feature .
Any User Content ( as defined in the Terms of Service ) you post to The Onion Websites will also be available to other users .
By participating in the social networking features , you are also giving The Onion permission to include you in its RSS feed features , which allow other users to get updates on your social networking page and user profile .
For example , if you add your favorite movie or restaurant to your user profile , users who are subscribed to your RSS feed will be notified of this change in your user profile .
This feature will also allow other users to see how you are using the Websites .
You use the social networking features and post User Content at your own risk .
The Onion is not responsible for security or privacy breaches that may result from your use of the social networking features or posting User Content to The Onion Websites .
The Onion may also disclose Personal Data to third parties if a user has requested that The Onion do so .
The The Onion Websites may offer users opportunities to request disclosure of Personal Data to third parties .
For example , users may have the ability to request through the The Onion Websites that certain third parties send them information .
In that case , The Onion would disclose the user 's full name and email address or mailing address so that the third party can send the user the requested information .
The Onion may also disclose Personal Data to its affiliates , contractors and partners , who will use the Personal Data in compliance with this Privacy Policy .
We may sell , rent , give or otherwise share your personal information with The Onion 's successors , assigns , affiliates and other related third parties .
The Onion may also disclose Personal Data if required or authorized to do so by law .
The Onion uses industry standard security measures to protect your Personal Data .
While such security measures provide reasonable protections against unauthorized access , they provide no guarantee that your Personal Data will not be compromised .
Links to Other Websites .
This Privacy Policy applies only to Personal Data collected on the The Onion Websites .
The The Onion Websites may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by The Onion .
These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators .
The Onion does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices .
We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any website you visit before using the website or providing any Personal Data about yourself .
Questions About Our Privacy Policy .

What we do with your data
By Team Register , 24th January 2003
The Register is owned and operated by Situation Publishing Limited
The Register strongly believes in the importance of keeping readers ' personal information personal .
It will never use your information for any use beyond that stated or the permissions you give us .
The Register may collect , process and use your personal data ( including your name , postal address , email address , telephone , mobile and fax numbers ) .
We will do so to contact you regarding the services you have requested and/or to offer services to you , and/or to provide the services you have requested .
This includes re-registration/renewal notifications , payment processing , surveys on improving our service to you and/or invitations to exhibitions , seminars and shows .
The Register may employ trusted third party specialists to process and use your data on our behalf in order to deliver the products and services to you in a more efficient manner .
IP Addresses and Server Logs
The Register site does record IP addresses and produces server logs - as all Web Servers do .
This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of readers .
We do not use the information for tracking the activities of specific visitors to the site .
The Register site sets cookies in order to help with the management of its advertising and to enable certain user features .
Read all about our cookies , and how to manage them here .
The Register runs advertising for a wide variety of organisations .
These adverts are served from our advertising servers as well as from third-party advertising servers managed by the advertiser .
Recent third-party ad servers include DoubleClick , Atlas DMT and MediaMind .
These ad servers may attempt to set cookies on your computer .
All these sites stress that information gathered through these cookies is used purely for the purpose of advert delivery , recording and segmentation .
They do not use information gathered through their cookies for their own use , and they do not collect any personally identifiable information .
The respective privacy policies of these ad servers can be found here :
DoubleClick also has a cookie opt-out facility here
Atlas DMT Privacy Policy
Email and Online Forms
Readers who choose to subscribe to our headlines-by-email service , or complete any of our online forms , may be asked to supply personal data .
If they choose to do so , that information is recorded and used for broad demographic information , which may be used to target advertising .
If permission is granted , this information may be used to target specific users with occasional emails informing them about commercial services provided by The Register .
If permission is granted , this information may be used to send occasional emails containing offers from our partners .
This will only ever be provided to readers who have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way .
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us .
To alter the emails which you receive from us , including unsubscribing from all email communications , please visit this page .
Make sure that you enter exactly the same e-mail address as you used to sign up .
Register journalists may use your email address to reply to comments that you have posted on our website .
Readers who enter The Register competitions will be asked for some personal information , but only to allow us to judge the validity of their applications and to contact them should they be declared a competition winner .
If permission is granted , this information may be used to target specific users with commercial services provided by The Register .
If permission is granted , this information may be used to send occasional emails from The Register containing offers from our partners .
This will only ever be provided to readers that have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way .
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us .
When using comments through The Register mobile apps , login details that are entered within the app are submitted to The Register 's servers and the IP address of all communication with the servers is logged .
This IP information is used anonymously in aggregate for generating site statistics , and for ensuring our services are not abused .
We do not process login information for any further purpose .
We reserve the right to publish emails and letters sent to The Register .
If the sender asks that that we do n't reveal his or her identity , that information wo n't be published .
We never publish a private email address unless specifically asked to do so by its owner .
Rackspace host The Register 's websites .
Anyone who provides The Register with personal information is given the opportunity to manage how that information is used .
This includes opting out of any services and restricting the use of that information .
You can do that by visiting this address or by contacting The data controller ( Caroline Wilson ) .
Readers of The Register have certain rights under the UK 's Data Protection Acts .
You can , for instance , ask to be told what information we hold about you in our databases .
The Register will provide you with all of the details that we hold about you , both online and offline , upon request .
The Register reserves the right to charge a 10 administration fee for this process .
If you would like to request this information please use the contact details below .
Changes to this Policy
As statutory and online requirements change so this policy document may change .
Any changes will be highlighted across the site to ensure that all readers have the opportunity to respond to these changes .
Contacting Situation Publishing Data Controller
If you wish to contact Situation Publishing Limited regarding any aspect of the Privacy Policy you should use the following contact details :

Text size : IncreaseDecreaseResetShare via EmailPrint Report an Error
Our commitment to privacy
Toronto Star Newspapers Limited ( the `` Star '' ) knows that protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information is important to you .
This Privacy Code governs the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information in any form , whether written or electronic , by the Star and its affiliates .
The collection , use and disclosure of your personal information is governed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( the `` Act '' ) , and any applicable provincial legislation .
This Privacy Code explains what personal information may be collected from you and how it is used .
It also explains how you can ask questions , make suggestions , and express concerns about our privacy practices .
This Privacy Code applies only to personal information collected by the Star and its affiliates .
Be aware that our websites may contain links to other websites that are maintained by third parties who are not required to comply with this Privacy Code nd for which the Star has no responsibility .
Please review the privacy policies on any external websites to determine their information handling practices .
This Privacy Code is available to the public through our websites , and in paper form from the Star .
If you have any additional concerns or questions , we encourage you to contact us and we will address your concerns to the best of our ability .
Please read this Privacy Code carefully , and check back periodically as we may update it from time to time .
By submitting your personal information to the Star , you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Code .
What is personal information
Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual .
The Star is responsible for personal information under its control .
The Star has implemented policies and practices to give effect to this Privacy Code , including training and communicating with our employees about the importance of privacy and implementing security procedures that reasonably protect the personal information you provide to us .
In addition , Torstar Corporation , the Star 's parent company , has appointed a Chief Privacy Officer to oversee personal information-handling practices of the Star and its affiliates .
What is excluded from privacy protection
This Privacy Code does not impose restrictions on : business contact information , including the name , title , business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization ; information collected , used or disclosed solely for journalistic , literary or artistic purposes ; publicly available information , such as an individual 's name , telephone number and address when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance ; or information that is aggregated and not associated with a specific individual , including demographic information and statistics .
Children : If you are under the age of 18 , be sure to obtain your parent or guardian 's permission before you send any personal information to us , or anyone else .
We encourage parents to get involved with their children 's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating .
What personal information do we collect , and why
We collect personal contact information ( such as your name , address , email address and telephone numbers ) if you : sign up for a newsletter ; subscribe to a newspaper ; register on an online forum or website , or to attend a paid event ; purchase any product or service from the Star ; are a classified advertiser or auction participant ; or provide it to us when you attend a trade or consumer show .
This information is used to fulfill your request for information , products or services , to provide targeted advertising , and to respond to your inquiries .
From time to time this information may be used to provide reward points or apply credit , as applicable in the circumstances .
We collect personal contact information ( such as your name , address , email address and telephone numbers ) when you make a charitable donation to the Star 's sponsored charities , including the Star Fresh Air Fund and the Star Santa Claus Fund for the purpose of processing your donation and to issue you an income tax receipt .
We will retain your subscriber ID and passwords so that upon request by you we may remind you of them .
If you enter a contest or other promotion , we use your personal contact information to administer the contest or promotion including contacting , announcing and promoting prizewinners .
In addition , sometimes our contest rules provide that we may contact contest entrants with promotions and product information .
Those rules will also include a way for you to indicate to us that you do not want to be contacted for this purpose .
Some contests may also involve co-sponsors , who have their own privacy practices .
In these cases , the contest rules and/or entry forms will indicate that your personal information is being shared with these co-sponsors and will provide you with the ability to opt-out from receiving promotions and product information from them .
We collect demographic information , as well as purchase history and a list of promotions offered to you , in order to gain a better understanding of your interests so that we may develop better products and services , and to determine your eligibility for other products and services .
We may also use demographic , personal contact and history information to contact you about changes , enhancements or other notices related to products or services you requested from us and which the Star provides .
In addition , we may use this information to send you offers or information from us , our affiliates and from selected sponsors or advertisers ( `` Marketing Offers '' ) .
If you do not wish to receive Marketing Offers , you may opt-out at any time by following the opt-out procedure below .
We keep notes and special instructions for classified advertisers and subscribers to help us fulfill your request and provide customer service .
We may tape or monitor your telephone calls with our customer service representatives for quality assurance purposes .
We collect your credit card information if you : subscribe to a newspaper ; register on a paid website ; enter a paid contest ; register to attend a paid event ; purchase any product from the Star or through one of our websites ; are a classified advertiser or an auction participant .
This credit card information is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order .
If you choose to opt-out of any use of your personal information in accordance with our opt-out policy , we will keep your contact information on a list so that your request can be honoured .
If you provide a complaint to any of our departments , we will collect your contact information and the nature of your complaint , for the purpose of investigating your concerns and responding to you .
If you provide freelance or other services to us , we may collect your social insurance number for tax reporting purposes and your contact information in order to pay you .
We may also use or collect additional information from freelancers , other service providers and from advertisers , such as financial information ( for example , banking details and credit history ) to assess credit risk , sales data to prepare royalty reports and other relevant information to help us evaluate the quality of your services .
We use IP ( internet protocol ) addresses , to gather demographic and statistical information about our users , for systems administration and to diagnose problems with our servers , and to administer our websites .
We may also use IP addresses to display or allow our third party advertising providers to display more targeted advertising and content .
We may , from time to time , track and analyze anonymous usage and browsing patterns of visitors to our websites to provide our advertisers with more targeted advertising opportunities and to help users see advertising that is most likely to interest them .
We generally use your personal information for the purposes of : managing , administering , collecting or otherwise enforcing your accounts ; maintaining business records for reasonable periods of time and generally managing and administering our business ; and meeting all relevant Canadian and international regulatory , legal , insurance , audit , security and processing requirements .
Occasionally , we ask our customers to complete market research surveys .
If you choose to participate in these surveys and provide your personal information for that purpose , your information will be aggregated as part of the survey results and shared with our advertisers , sponsors and affiliates in a manner that does not identify you .
Other than as permitted or required by law , if we wish to collect , use or disclose your personal information for purposes that are not contemplated in this Privacy Code , we will identify those purposes at the time of collection .
You will be given a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of any such additional purposes .
If you use any of our websites , we may assign an internet cookie .
An internet cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your internet browser and that can collect and store information .
We use cookies to better understand how you use our websites , to make sure our ads and dynamic content are served correctly and to improve the performance of our websites .
For example , a cookie may recall a set of preferences you have set for our website and record items that you have registered for .
Storing cookies on your web browser allows us to present you with web pages and other content that are attuned with your preferences .
These activities are invisible to you , and are generally intended to improve your internet surfing convenience .
Unless you have set your preferences so that you will be alerted when a cookie is being stored on your computer , you wo n't know about it .
If you are concerned about cookies , it is possible to turn them off in your web browser preferences .
The following link has useful information about how to opt out of cookies that are placed by companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative : NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) Opt-Out .
However , please be aware that by disabling cookies , you may not be able to use all portions of our websites , particularly pages requiring registration .
We may place advertising or other links on our websites that originate from outside advertisers and other third parties .
If you view these ads , the advertisers may assign a cookie .
The Star does not control these cookies , nor is it responsible for any marketing or other use of your information by these advertisers or other third parties .
Our websites may use gifs or other technologies to better tailor and manage advertising on our sites .
These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across web sites .
When you access these pages , a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers .
These gifs usually work in conjunction with cookies .
If you do n't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages , you can set your browser to turn off cookies .
If you turn off cookies , gifs and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages , but the notices they generate can not be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded .
Many of our websites use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Some ads appearing on our websites are delivered to you by AdTech , which is a web advertising company .
These third parties may , from time to time , use information that they collect about your visits to this site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address or other personal contact information ) to serve additional ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you do not wish to have your information used in this way , please click on the following link : AdTech Opt-Out
To whom does the Star disclose personal information , and why
The Star may disclose your personal information under the following circumstances :
To provide you with Marketing Offers , the Star may disclose your personal contact information to affiliates and selected sponsors and advertisers .
If you do not wish to receive Marketing Offers , you may opt-out at any time by following the opt-out procedure below .
The Star may transfer your personal information to third party service providers in order to fulfill your order or perform processing and other specialized services ( such as credit card processing , prize fulfillment of our contests , collection of overdue accounts , management of customer service requests , and product delivery ) .
The Star may provide your name and credit card information on a confidential basis to a third party ( which party may be outside of Canada ) for the purpose of updating your credit card information to ensure that your ongoing subscription to the Star products and services is not interrupted .
Your personal information may be processed and stored outside of the province in which you reside and/or outside of Canada by us , an affiliate or a third party service provider for the purposes set out in this Privacy Code and , under the laws of these other jurisdictions , in certain circumstances foreign courts , law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies may be entitled to access your personal information .
The Star may disclose your personal information to our affiliates for internal audit , management , billing or administrative purposes .
The Star may disclose your contact information on a confidential basis to our advertisers for the sole purpose of newspaper delivery verification .
The Star may disclose your personal information to third parties if you have violated our terms of service or conditions of purchase , or if we need to comply with applicable laws and lawful governmental requests , other legal and regulatory authorities and for other legal reasons .
The Star may disclose your personal information on a confidential basis to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing , insuring , sale , assignment or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets , including for the purposes of determining whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship or fulfilling any records or other reporting requirements to such parties .
Consent and opt-out policy
In general , the Star seeks consent to use your personal information in accordance with our opt-out policy .
Except as set out in this section , the Star obtains your express opt-in consent to use or disclose sensitive personal information .
If you do not wish to receive Marketing Offers , you may opt-out at any time by doing any of the following :
follow the instructions at the bottom of any email Marketing Offer you receive .
inform your telemarketer at the time you are called with a Marketing Offer .
call Customer Service at 1-800-279-0181 and request that your personal information not be used for Marketing Offers .
It may take 2-4 weeks to fully process your opt-out request .
Generally , when you provide us with your personal information , we will assume that you consent to our collection , use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or described in this Privacy Code , if applicable , or otherwise at the time of collection .
We reserve the right to use and disclose your personal information without your consent where required or permitted by law , for example , if we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal , provincial or foreign law , in order to protect or defend our legal interests , or to comply with applicable laws and lawful governmental requests .
The Star has technical , contractual , administrative and physical security measures to protect your personal information in a manner that is reasonable and appropriate to the nature of the personal information you provide to the Star .
For example , when you provide credit card information to us , we work to help protect the security of your credit card information by using industry standard secure sockets layer ( SSL ) encryption technology .
Please be aware that email is not a secure medium , and any personal information you send to us by email could be intercepted .
If your communication is very sensitive , or includes information such as your credit card number , you should not send it electronically unless the email is encrypted or your browser indicates that the access to our website is secure .
Materials posted to online forums such as bulletin boards or comment sites are public , not secure and may be viewed by anyone .
Any personal information you post may be collected and used by anyone and may result in unsolicited messages from other internet users .
The Star is not responsible for personal information you choose to post or submit in any online forum on any of its websites .
How to access and correct your personal information
Some of our websites provide you with the means to access , update , edit or delete certain subscriber or registration information by going to the appropriate page on the website and changing or deleting such information as desired .
Alternatively , or for other information , you may call Customer Service at 1-800-279-0181 and we will make the changes upon receipt of appropriate evidence .
We will give you access to the information we retain about you within a reasonable time , upon written request , satisfactory identification and proof of entitlement .
In some cases , we may not provide access to personal information in our possession or control .
If we deny your request , we will advise you in writing of the reason for the refusal and you may challenge our decision .
How to address concerns regarding your privacy
The Star encourages you to contact us with any questions or concerns you have about your privacy or this Privacy Code .
Customer Service can successfully deal with many issues .
If you prefer , or if after contacting Customer Service your concerns or questions have not been resolved to your satisfaction , you can contact Torstar Corporation 's Chief Privacy Officer in writing as follows :
One Yonge Street , 6th floor
Fax : ( 416 ) 869-4183
This Privacy Code was last updated on July 11 , 2012

What are privacy settings and how do I change them
Privacy settings on TSR enable you to customise the amount of personal information that you display to other members .
These are vital for keeping you safe to enjoy TSR to the full , and we want to make it as easy as possible for you to use the site without worrying .
You can set your privacy settings to allow the following levels of access : Everyone ; Registered Members ; Contacts ; or Friends only .
The sorts of information that would be covered by your privacy settings are :
Profile information , such as your 'About Me ' section
Staying safe on The Student Room
We want you to enjoy The Student Room .
It 's a great place to interact , learn and make friends ; but as with every other social site on the web there are risks associated with sharing personal information that you should be aware of .
If you choose to share personal information , photos of yourself , or meet other members offline it is entirely at your own risk .
TSR itself does not endorse meeting other members .
It should always be remembered that TSR is a public forum , which means anything you post can be seen by anyone , and could also be picked up by internet search engines .
Always use your common sense and think before you post .
Try to keep information that you post about yourself fairly general and non-specific , so that you would not be easily identified by your posts .
If you do choose to share information that can be linked to you personally , be doubly careful about what you are saying , whether it 's about you or other people .
Are you revealing things that you would n't want people you know in real life to find out ? Does it falsely represent who you are ? You would n't be the first person to have said something on the Internet that has come back to haunt them ! University tutors , employers and school teachers regularly visit the site .
TSR strongly recommends that you do not post ( and may remove ) information such as :
- Landline and mobile phone numbers
If you are using our Classifieds section please take extra care .
Only give over personal details such as your address if you feel happy to do so .
We also suggest you use Pay Pal for any payments and keep communications private rather than on the forums to avoid other people having access to your details .
See the classifieds forum guide for full details of 'Trading Safely Online ' .
People on TSR may not be who they seem to be .
If you do choose to meet people from TSR in the real world ensure that family or friends know where you are going and what time you intend to be back .
Meet in a public place and for first meetings , no matter what your age , we would always advise you to take someone with you , or meet amongst a group of friends .
It is not acceptable for Members to send threatening or harassing PMs , make threatening or harassing posts or write threatening or harassing reputation messages to other Members .
If you feel threatened or harassed in any way by other members , please report it using the Ask A Moderator forum , or the Post Report button on individual forum posts or Private Messages .
It will then be looked into by the Moderators and dealt with as necessary .
Files attached to emails from people you do n't really know or trust may contain viruses or nasty messages so it 's best not to open them .
Tell your parent or carer if someone or something makes you feel uncomfortable or worried .
Other good advice can be found here :
Childline Online Safety - Safe Surfing
Childline Online Safety - Use of Social Network Sites
Childline Online Safety - Cyber Bullying
The Student Room 's use of cookies
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files stored in your computer or mobile phone 's internet browser ( e.g Internet Explorer , Chrome , Safari ) .
They are usually used by websites to improve services for you , to find out more information about the popularity of a website and for delivering more relevant advertising .
How does The Student Room use cookies ?
The Student Room uses cookies for a number of purposes listed below .
We use cookies to remember some of your preferences , such as whether you want some of the boxes on the homepage and side bar to remain open or closed .
A cookie is also used on smartphones to show you the desktop version of The Student Room .
The Student Room mostly uses cookies for registered members to make the logged in functionality work , which includes :
To remember when your last visit to the site was and activity carried out during your visit to show you new items such as unread posts .
To remember your My TSR ' custom widget settings , i.e . which boxes you would like to be shown on the My TSR page .
To remember your side bar widget options across the site , the boxes on the right of the site .
To remember the height of the editor boxes ( the bit where you type ) on post pages if you have changed them .
If you asked the site to , we have two optional cookies to remember your username and password so you do n't have to enter it with each visit .
To keep you logged in for a period of time while you use the site , known as a session ' .
To remember you when you visit the learning areas of The Student Room so you do n't have to log in again .
To recognise if you have a paid subscription to give you access straight away to paid features .
Facebook and Twitter cookies
The Student Room has buttons across the site to help you post our content to your Facebook and Twitter profiles .
If you choose to use one or both of these buttons , Facebook or Twitter will use cookies for them to work .
You can find out more in the Facebook and Twitter privacy policies .
We use Google Analytics software to monitor the number of people visiting the website , which uses a cookie to collect this information .
Google Analytics only collects anonymous aggregate data , i.e . we can not tell who you are or link data back to a specific username , and everyone 's data is shown as a whole , not individually .
We use this only for statistical purposes to tell us information like how many people are new to the site or have visited before and which pages are the most popular .
The Student Room is primarily funded by advertising .
Often we need to know whether you have seen an advert and the time since you last saw it .
This is to stop you from seeing the same advert repeatedly .
To be able to do this we use a cookie to say when a particular advert has been shown in your browser .
It does not collect any personal information about you .
The company and system we currently use to do this is called Double Click by Google and on their website you can find out more information and opt out of this cookie .
However by opting out you will see less relevant advertising and are likely to see the same adverts more frequently .
Third party advertising cookies
A number of adverts shown across The Student Room are delivered by other third party companies called networks .
These companies use their own cookies for tracking the success of their adverts and for customisations to you .
The Student Room does not have access to these cookies and nor do these companies have access to the cookies we use on our site .
Third party advertising cookies can not be linked to your personal data .
You can turn off third party advertising cookies by visiting the Your Online Choices control page .
Other third party cookies
Sometimes The Student Room will use other third party cookies to help improve the functionality of the site or to find out more information about our audience but in an anonymous way .
In particular , we place cookies for Quantserve and comScore .
These companies measure the audiences of websites to show how many people visit websites around the world and the type of audience that visits them .
This is primarily used by advertisers to help them decide the best website to advertise on .
All information they provide is anonymous and aggregate .
Occasionally we also use a service called Skimlinks which adds links to words on the site that you can click to buy products .
Skimlinks uses a cookie to associate your purchase to The Student Room so that we earn a referral fee .
You can read more information on this service and opt out of their cookie on the Skim Links Opt Out page .
Can I use The Student Room without cookies ?
You can access The Student Room 's content without using cookies by turning them off in your browser 's settings , however you wo n't be able to log in because this functionality requires cookies to remember who you are .
Also , by turning cookies off you will see less relevant advertising and are likely to see the same adverts more often .
How do I turn cookies off ?
Cookies are saved to the browser , so to turn off any cookie you will have to do so for each browser you use .
Usually most people have concerns about the use of cookies by third party advertising companies .
These cookies do not collect any personal information and are only used to tailor advertising to be more relevant for you .
As mentioned above , you can turn off third party advertising cookies on the Your Online Choices control page .
Alternatively , you can turn off all cookie use within your browser by following the instructions on the below pages :
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Where can I read more information ?
You can read more information by visiting All About Cookies and Your Online Choices .

Effective , November 2011
Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect , use , and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites , applications and services ( Services ) that are operated by , controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media , Inc. , including without limitation SB Nation and The Verge ( collectively , we , us or our ) .
This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us , write to us , or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services .
Because the Internet is global , information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to , processed in , and held in countries ( including the United States ) other than the one in which you reside .
By using the Services , you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information We Automatically Collect
We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Usage Data ) .
For example , each time you visit the Services we may automatically collect your IP address , browser and computer type , access time , the Web page you came from , the URL you go to next , and the Web page ( s ) that you access during your visit .
We will use such Usage Data to diagnose problems with our servers and software , to administer the Services , and to gather demographic information .
Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any individual .
Information You Choose To Submit
You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Personal Information ) .
If , however , you wish to register to become a member of the Services , you are required to provide certain Personal Information ( e.g. , your name and e-mail address ) , and we ask that you also provide a user name and password .
We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve our Services , and to contact you from time to time about us , and our products and services .
You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself ( for example your gender , birth date , or zip code ) by which someone could not personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Non-Personal Information ) .
We may also collect additional information about you when you visit certain features of the Services or the pages of certain of our partners when you interact with offers and advertisements , when you contact us for support , when you log into the Services with your account , when you complete a survey , or when you enter promotions .
Finally , you may choose to submit your alias , bio , email , photos or any other information that you would like to share with other users of the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Shared Information ) .
Our Information Sharing Practices
( a ) Generally .
Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy , we will never share your Usage Data , Personal Information , Non-Personal Information , or Shared Information ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as User Information ) with any third party without your permission .
( b ) Advertisers .
From time to time , we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you .
We will not share any such information , however , in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you .
( c ) Aggregated Data .
From time to time , we may share aggregated User Information with third parties .
We will not share any aggregated data , however , in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you .
( d ) Service Providers .
From time to time , we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us ( e.g. , data management and storage services or credit card processing services ) .
In those circumstances , we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information .
( e ) Other Disclosure Scenarios .
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary , we reserve the right , and you hereby expressly authorize us , to share any User Information : ( 1 ) in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish , protect , or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; ( 2 ) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , fraud , or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property ; ( 3 ) if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services ' infrastructure or the Internet in general ( such as voluminous spamming , denial of service attacks , or attempts to compromise the security of information ) ; ( 4 ) to our parent company , subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control with us ( in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy ) ; and ( 5 ) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity .
If you identify any User Information as public , you are authorizing us to share such information publicly .
For example , you may elect to make certain Shared Information ( such as your alias , bio , email or photos ) publicly available .
Also , there may be areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , discussion rooms , and other online forums ) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services .
By choosing to use these areas , you understand and agree that anyone may access , use , and disclose any information that you post to those areas .
We may set and access cookies on your computer .
Upon your first visit to the Services , a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser .
A `` cookie '' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website .
Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users .
Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent ; however if you reject cookies , you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services .
We uses cookies for the following general purposes : ( a ) to track your preferences , such as the address or local zip code you enter ; ( b ) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content ; ( c ) to display the most appropriate advertisements , based on your interests and activity on our Services ; and ( d ) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services .
We may also use `` pixel tags , '' which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services .
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time ( and length of time ) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer .
We may use pixel tags , either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks , to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you .
We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services ( e.g. , sharing buttons ) to collect Non-Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services , such as , web traffic , click-throughs , etc. , in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests .
We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services .
These companies may collect and use click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie , a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information .
None of them collect any personal information from your computer , such as your e-mail address .
Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies .
In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users , we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information provided by our users , including zip code and profile .
We do not provide this Personal Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement .
However , please note that the advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category ; for example , an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area .
Your Options and Information about Advertisers and Targeted Ads
You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by clicking here .
Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies .
We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services with our applications ( such as , GPS assisted navigation instruction , wireless tower location , triangulation or other available location technologies ) .
If you elect to use such location based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you .
By using the applications ' location based services , you authorize us to : ( a ) locate your hardware ; ( b ) record , compile and display your location ; and ( c ) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications ( e.g. , settings , user preferences ) .
As part of the applications , we may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as , users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers ( as applicable ) and users ' network access identifier information .
This information will be used to provide you the services accessed through our applications .
We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us .
If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request .
Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity , we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the Services ( e.g. , about changes to this Privacy Policy ) and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered .
Modifying and Deleting Your Personal Information
If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information you previously submitted to us , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile .
Please note that any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request , and that if you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information .
Also , please note that we will maintain User Information in our database whenever we are required to do so by law .
We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized access or disclosure .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your User Information , we can not guarantee its security .
The Services may contain links to other websites .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites .
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13 .
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time .
If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information , we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services .
Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein .

This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears .
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline .
This includes on our websites or in our apps .
It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us .
If you live in Canada , please read our Canadian Privacy Policy .
We collect information from and about you .
For example , we might collect your name and street address .
We might also collect your phone number or email .
Payment and billing information .
For example , we collect your credit card number and zip code when you buy a ticket .
Information you post .
For example , we collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site .
We may collect information about events you like or products you buy .
We might collect this as part of a survey , for example .
If you use our website , we may collect information about the browser you 're using .
We might look at what site you came from , or what site you visit when you leave us .
If you use our mobile app , we may collect your GPS location or your device 's unique identifier .
We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using , or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running .
We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it .
We collect information in different ways .
We collect information directly from you .
For example , if you register for a promotion or buy tickets .
We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question .
We collect information from you passively .
We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons .
To learn more about these tools and to control them , please click here .
We get information about you from third parties .
For example , if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications .
The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you .
This could include your name and email address .
Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms .
We use information as disclosed and described here .
We use information to respond to your requests or questions .
For example , we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest .
If you give us your friend 's information , we will only use it to provide services you requested .
We use information to improve our products and services .
We might use your information to customize your experience with us .
This could include displaying content based upon your preferences .
We use information to look at site trends and customer interests .
We may use your information to make our website and products better .
We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties .
We use information for security purposes .
We may use information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites .
We use information for marketing purposes .
For example , we might send you information about special promotions or offers .
We might also tell you about new features or products .
These might be our own offers or products , or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting .
Or , for example , if you buy tickets from us we 'll enroll you in our newsletter .
We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events .
To learn about your choices for these communications , read the choices section below .
We use information to send you transactional communications .
For example , we might send you emails about your account or a ticket purchase .
We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms .
We use information as otherwise permitted by law .
We may share information with third parties .
We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies .
This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues , for example .
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf .
For example , we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases .
Some vendors may be located outside of the United States .
We will share information with our business partners .
This includes a third party who provides or sponsors an event , or who operates a venue where we hold events .
Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies .
You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information .
We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves .
For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena .
We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests .
Or , we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud .
This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion .
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business .
For example , if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction .
We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy .
We will tell you before we do this .
You have certain choices about how we use your information .
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails .
To stop receiving our promotional emails , click here or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us .
Your device settings should provide you with instructions on how to turn off push notifications .
It may take about ten days to process your request .
Do n't worry ! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still be sure to send you transactional messages .
For example , we may still contact you about your orders .
You can modify information you have given us .
To correct or delete information or update account settings , log into your account and follow the instructions .
We make changes as soon as we can .
This information may stay in our backup files .
If we can not make the changes you want , we will let you know and explain why .
If you contact us requesting access to your information , we will respond within 30 days .
You can control cookies and tracking tools .
To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here .
You can control tools on your mobile devices .
For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone .
Each push notification has an `` unsubscribe '' link .
Your California Privacy Rights .
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes .
We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information .
You can make a request one time each year .
To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below .
Mention in your letter that you are making a `` California Shine the Light '' inquiry .
We will respond within 30 days .
These sites and apps are not intended for children .
Our sites and apps are meant for adults .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information , you can email us here .
You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy .
Please mark your inquiries `` COPPA Information Request . ''
Parents , you can also learn more about how to protect children 's privacy online here .
We use standard security measures .
We have security measures in place to protect your information .
The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected .
However , the Internet is not 100 % secure .
We can not promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe .
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet .
This includes not sharing your passwords .
If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name , contact us at the address below .
We are TRUSTe certified .
TRUSTe has awarded Live Nation the TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal .
This means TRUSTe independently reviewed this Policy and the practices on Live Nation and Ticketmaster sites and apps to make sure they meet TRUSTE 's requirements .
The seal applies to our practices for information collected on U.S. , UK , Ireland sites and apps .
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business .
We also keep information to resolve disputes , enforce our agreements and as otherwise required by law .
We store information both in and outside of the United States .
If you live outside of the United States , you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States .
This site is subject to U.S. laws , which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country .
Live Nation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries .
Live Nation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
We may link to third party sites or services we do n't control .
If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control .
This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites .
Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully .
We are not responsible for these third party sites .
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions .
Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email .
You can also write us at :
Live Nation Entertainment , Inc .
9348 Civic Center Drive
Beverly Hills , CA 90210
Attention : Privacy Officer , Legal
If you are not satisfied with our response , you can contact TRUSTe here .
What we will do if there is an update to this policy .
From time to time we may change our privacy practices .
We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law .
We will also post an updated copy on our website .
Please check our site periodically for updates .

TigerDirect.com Privacy Notice ( Updated 11/27/2012 )
By visiting the TigerDirect.com website or any other websites operated by TigerDirect.com or its affiliates ( collectively , the `` Site '' ) , you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice , please do not use the Site .
Each time you use the Site , you should check the date of this Privacy Notice ( which appears above ) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site .
Throughout TigerDirect.com 's years of operation , we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity .
We 're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information .
This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices .
We treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company 's history .
Personal Information Collected By TigerDirect.com
TigerDirect.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site .
We gather the following types of information :
Information You Give to Us : We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users .
`` Personal Information '' includes your name , address , telephone number , credit or debit card information , e-mail address , date of birth , IP address and the last four digits of your Social Security number .
Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us , place an order on the Site , participate in a contest , sweepstakes or on-line survey , or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service , sales or technical services through the Site , telephone , mail or fax .
In some instances , we may obtain other people 's names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our `` email a friend '' feature .
Web Beacons : We ( or service providers on our behalf ) may collect information from visits to the Site through the use of `` Web Beacons . ''
Web Beacons are web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record data about visits to or transactions made on the Site .
This information is sometimes known as `` clickstream data . ''
We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience or our customer service .
No Personal Information is collected through the use of Web Beacons on the Site .
Cookies : Through the use of cookies , we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version ; operating system and platform ; purchase history ; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you ; and the URLs which lead you to and around the Site including the date and time .
You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie .
Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information .
You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you .
Orders : If you place an order through the Site , you will be required to provide contact , billing , and payment information .
Catalog Email Newsletter Subscriptions : Upon placing an order through the Site , you will automatically begin receiving both the TigerDirect.com catalog and the TigerDirect.com email newsletter , based on the Personal Information you have provided , unless you opt-out of receiving such communications .
If you request an email newsletter subscription , we will send you an email confirming your request .
This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you change your mind and decide not to join the list .
Furthermore , the confirmation email will alert you if someone else has entered your email address into our email newsletter subscription list .
In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you , our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from TigerDirect.com .
Sweepstakes Entrants : From time to time , we may run sweepstakes .
If you enter a sweepstakes sponsored by us , you will opt-in to receive email or other communications from us and our affiliated partners .
You may subsequently opt-out of the receipt of such email or communications by following the directions in the email or contacting that site .
Your opt-out status will not affect your participation or chances to win in the sweepstakes .
During the applicable sweepstakes period , however , you may nevertheless receive emails which we deem are related to the sweepstakes and related programs .
Use of Information Collected By Us
We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site , to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request .
We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you , to help us develop and improve our Site , and to tailor our Site to your interests .
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We will not rent , sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent , except as stated in this Privacy Notice .
Service Providers : We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to or on behalf of us such as analyzing customer lists and data , or performing marketing or consulting services .
These third parties ( `` Service Providers '' ) will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your Personal Information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Site .
Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than that for which such party was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Notice .
Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice .
Credit Card Companies : If you place an order through the Site , the Personal Information you provide is transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase .
At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation .
If you use a financing option , information provided by you ( such as your address , birth date , social security number , and credit card number ) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing .
Third Party Marketing Partners : From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other third parties whom we believe are trustworthy .
In such cases we might license , exchange , share and/or cross-reference information , including your name and postal mailing address that will enable such third parties to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you .
We will never share any telephone number ( s ) , e-mail addresses , or credit card information which you have given us with any such third party partner ( s ) .
Related Companies : We may share your postal and e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , customer preferences , and purchase history with other subsidiaries of our parent company , Systemax Inc .
We will never share any credit card information which you have given to us with any of these related companies .
Aggregate Information : We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners .
This information is used in a collective manner and does not identify you individually in any way .
We collect and share aggregate information in order to know more about the general profile of our customers so that we can improve your shopping experience .
Shippers : If you make a purchase through the Site , your name , telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS , FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase .
There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers .
These drop-shippers are only given your name , postal address , and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order .
Third Party Transaction-Level Data : If you visit the Site from a third-party website the third-party website may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information .
In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party website may give you a unique code , cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you .
This will only happen if you link directly from a third party website to the Site .
Any transactions made at the Site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party website .
We will only report non-Personal Information to these websites such as the date of the transaction , the product ( s ) purchased and the amount spent .
We will not report any information to these third party websites that will allow them to personally identify you .
The presence of a third party navigation bar at the top of any page on the Site is an indication that the third party website may be able to see your activity on the Site .
Links to Third Party Site : The Site contains certain links to third party websites , such as our vendors ' websites and links to other websites intended to facilitate our customers ' shopping experience , such as Google Translate .
We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these websites .
We recommend that you check the privacy notice of each website you visit .
Links to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such websites shall be at your sole risk .
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users : To the extent permitted by law , we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request , subpoena or other legal process .
We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications , report or collect debts owed , fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates , customers , or its users .
You should be aware that , following disclosure to any third party , your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law .
We maintain relationships with third party affiliate websites .
Although we do not and can not control the activities of the third parties that operate such websites , we will cease doing business with any affiliate that engages in abusive practices , including , for example , spam , trademark infringement , predatory means of attracting visitors , or unlawful activities .
The Site is a general audience website and is not directed to children under the age of 13 .
We will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not provide us with personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever .
If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has submitted Personal Information without verifiable parental consent , we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files .
We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Notice or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site .
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit .
TigerDirect.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18 .
If you are under the age of 18 , you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from the Site .
We employ 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the Site which require you to provide your personal or account information , including those areas related to online ordering , order status , and contest forms .
The Site utilizes industry-standard firewalls and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive Personal Information , such as your name , address and credit card number .
You should recognize , however , that no computer system is fully secure and that there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions .
To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser , you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser , which should have full SSL support .
TigerDirect.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Systemax , Inc. , a Fortune 1000 Company ( NYSE symbol SYX ) .
However , in the event that TigerDirect.com is sold , has its assets acquired or transferred , whether voluntarily or involuntarily , or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division , individual or entity , any customer information owned or under the control of TigerDirect.com may be one of the transferred assets .
We reserve the right , as part of such transaction , to transfer or assign the Personal Information and aggregate information we have collected from users of the Site .
IN NO EVENT WILL TigerDirect.com OR ITS PARENT , AFFILIATES , LICENSEES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING , PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , INDIRECT , SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS , USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE , OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE , ERROR , OMISSION , INTERRUPTION , DEFECT , DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION , COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE ( INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS , LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA , BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE , DELAY , OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE ) .
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT , TORT , NEGLIGENCE , STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS , EVEN IF TigerDirect.com OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .

Privacy Statement for timeanddate.com
timeanddate.com has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website .
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information .
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests .
If you register with the site , your email address is used as your login name .
Your email address will not be shared with a third party .
We will only send an email to your email address when you first register with the site , when you request your password to be reset , or for answering support questions .
This site contains links to other sites .
timeanddate.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information ( such as their email address ) .
The customer 's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet .
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this website , or your dealings with this website , you can contact :
Time and Date AS
PO Box 27 Forus
Fax : +47 5163 2711

Time Out Privacy Policy
This constitutes the Privacy Policy of timeout.com ( `` the Website '' ) which is operated by Time Out Digital Limited ( `` Time Out '' ) `` our '' , `` us '' and `` we '' ) which is a company registered in England and Wales with registration number 01782049 .
Our registered office and postal address is Universal House , 251-255 Tottenham Court Road , London W1T 7AB , England .
Time Out is subject to all applicable laws and regulations relating to the protection of personal data and privacy in the United Kingdom including ( without limitation ) the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC , the EU Directive on privacy and Electronic Communications 2002/58/EC , the Data Protection Act 1998 , the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 , the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 , the Data Protection ( Processing of Sensitive personal data ) Order 2000 and all other industry guidelines ( whether statutory or non-statutory ) or Codes of Practice issued by the Information Commissioner relating to the processing of personal data or privacy or any amendments and re-enactments thereof .
Notice of Collection of Data
By visiting timeout.com , you accept the practices described in this privacy policy and consent to the collection and use of your personal data by us for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and for any other purpose reasonably necessary for the provision or proper administration of timeout.com and the business of Time Out Group Limited .
If you do not accept the practices set out in this Privacy Policy you should not use timeout.com .
Time Out will consider its Privacy Policy from time to time which may develop and evolve over time , and this policy may change to reflect that .
We will use personal data in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which that personal data was collected .
You should periodically revisit the timeout.com privacy policy to be sure you are familiar with the current policy .
Use of timeout.com following any modifications to the privacy policy will be conclusively deemed as acceptance of the terms of this privacy policy and any changes to the policy both in connection with personal data previously collected and that collected following any changes to this Privacy Policy .
Nothing in this privacy policy is meant to impede Time Out 's right or ability to transfer , sell or otherwise dispose of any of its assets .
Please note that timeout.com may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy even though they may feature the Time Out logo because of a marketing agreement with Time Out .
If you access other sites using the links provided , the operators of those sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy , which may differ from ours .
You should look for the specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page .
Time Out can not be held responsible for the privacy policies of other companies .
Time Out recommends you review the privacy policy of any site visited on the Internet .
Please also note that where Time Out make available chat rooms , forums , message boards , and news groups that personal data that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any information on them .
What data is being collected
If you are merely visiting the public areas of timeout.com , we do not collect any personal data about you , however , we may automatically collect information about your visits , such as browsing patterns .
Information collected in this way does not reveal your contact details or any type of personal data .
This information is only used in aggregate form to analyse , manage and develop timeout.com and is not linked to any individual .
We collect personally identifiable information , like names , postal addresses , email addresses , etc. , when voluntarily submitted by our visitors .
If you choose to fill out any reader surveys , enter a competition , apply for an offer or make a purchase from our online shop , you will be asked to supply some information about yourself , including your name , address , phone number and email address .
Time Out also collects the details provided by you on registration together with information we learn about you from your use of our service and your visits to timeout.com and other sites accessible from it .
We also collect information about the transactions you undertake including details of payment cards used .
When joining 'My Time Out ' you will be asked to login using your Facebook account .
The My Time Out application asks Facebook for permission to access selected Facebook data , which enables the service to work for example your Friends list .
This data is stored by Time Out against your 'My Time Out ' profile .
You can choose what personal information is displayed on timeout.com in the Account Settings page .
When you login to 'My Time Out ' using Facebook the application will check for any changes and update your My Time Out profile accordingly and stored by Time Out .
Additionally if you amend details in the 'About You ' section of 'My Time Out ' this data will be retained as the master copy of your data .
If you choose to deactivate your My Time Out account all your data is deleted .
Your Facebook account will be unaffected .
If you enter a competition you should read the terms and conditions of that promotion which will confirm how we will use any personal data submitted as part of the entry to the competition .
By entering a competition or applying for an offer you give permission for Time Out to pass your details to any third party sponsor of the competition / offer so they may contact you in the event that you win the competition or qualify for the offer .
If you do not win the competition / qualify for the offer your details will not be passed on without your explicit permission .
We may also collect additional information in connection with information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms .
How we collect data
We collect data from information supplied by you .
When you give timeout.com your email address in response to marketing emails , you are asked to let timeout.com know how it can be used .
You may 'opt in ' to receive regular email newsletters that contain information timeout.com believe to be of value to you , specifically events , special discounts and offers selected by the Time Out marketing department .
All marketing emails will contain a link to opt out of further communications from timeout.com If you make a purchase via timeout.com the assumption may be made that you will be interested in similar products and you may receive emails with information about these products .
All marketing emails will contain a link to opt out of further communications from timeout.com .
For the avoidance of doubt you can not opt out of service emails .
Timeout.com may also use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered .
Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system , tracking the number of visitors to timeout.com , and understanding how visitors use timeout.com .
Cookies can also help customize timeout.com for visitors .
Time Out uses cookies to track user usage on timeout.com .
Time Out uses ad servers ( such as DoubleClick ) to serve advertisements on timeout.com .
Ad servers use cookies to help target relevant ads to users .
To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of AdLINK , please follow this link here .
Personal information can not be collected via cookies and other tracking technology , however , if you previously provided personally identifiable information , cookies may be tied to such information .
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the browser .
We may also use uses cookies for a number of other purposes , for instance to enable us to simplify the logging on process for registered users , to help ensure the security and authenticity of registered users , to provide the mechanisms for improving and monitoring visitor 's experiences mapping and to enable traffic monitoring .
Non-registered visitors of the site are sent anonymous cookies to keep track of their browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile .
In addition , any visitor who has clicked on a timeout.com advertisement on another site that links to timeout.com will be sent anonymous cookies that will allow us to analyse advertising effectiveness and manage our relationship with affiliate sites .
Whilst you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our web site or to access many of our services , you must have cookies enabled if you wish to shop online at any of our stores or access any areas reserved for registered users .
Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function .
If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser .
Timeout.com cookies can not be used by themselves to identify you and you have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser .
However , some interactive features of timeout.com may not work if cookies are disabled .
Why data is being collected
We collect data for a number of reasons .
It helps us tailor and personalise you experience with tomeout.com and enables us to send you relevant information about products or services that may be of interest to you .
We may use data to send you offers and news about Time Out Group products and services or those of other carefully selected companies which we think may be of interest to you .
Your information may be passed to and used by all Time Out licensees and affiliates .
Time Out collects aggregate user information to sell sponsorships on timeout.com to advertisers and to monitor customer traffic patterns such as the number of users to timeout.com , the pages visited and the length of visit which enables us to improve the service we provide .
In addition , Time Out collects information from users who click on advertisements to measure interest and inform advertisers as to how many users have seen or clicked on their ads .
Time Out also uses demographic and preference information to allow advertising banners on timeout.com to be targeted , in the aggregate , to the users for whom they are most pertinent .
What we do with the information collected
The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request unless you give us permission to use it in another manner , for example to add you to one of our mailing lists .
We will use your contact details to communicate with you .
We use personal data for the purpose of providing you with the services you have requested and to personalise our service to you .
We may use your information to send you offers and news about Time Out group products and services or those of other carefully selected companies which we think may be of interest to you .
Your information may be passed to and used by all Time Out licensees and affiliates .
From time to time we may enter into a commercial arrangement with another company that is not owned by us to provide additional features .
Time Out may also , from time to time , use third party suppliers to provide part of our service to you .
Any personal data that you provide when signing up on a co-branded page may be shared with our third party partner .
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individual customers are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes and aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties .
In some circumstances outside service providers may be based in countries outside the European Economic Area whose laws provide for a different standard of protection for your personal data than that provided under UK Law .
Save as explained above and subject to the provisions below Time Out will not pass on your individual user details to third parties without asking for explicit permission .
Timeout.com cooperates with all law-enforcement inquiries and reserves the right to disclose personally identifying or aggregate information to detect and prevent fraud and in connection with a subpoena or other court-sanctioned demand for such information .
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation .
We may do so when : ( 1 ) permitted or required by law ; or , ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions ; or , ( 3 ) investigating fraud which has already taken place .
The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes .
How do we keep data secure
Timeout.com has security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under timeout.com 's control .
Only authorized employees , agents and contractors ( who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential ) have access to this information .
All newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings .
You can also opt out of further emails other than service emails which are an integral part of our service , such as purchase confirmations , invoice emails , and customer notices such as those relating to data management and similar purposes .
We use appropriate physical , electronic and managerial security measures to try to prevent that personal data from being accessed by unauthorised persons and to ensure that you may input personal data safely .
This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose personal data to you .
Only aggregate statistics about the number of users and their traffic patterns will be given to advertisers .
Individual user details will not be passed on without prior consent .
If timeout.com ever requests that you volunteer additional information , such as financial data or age ( in an online survey , for example ) your response will always be voluntary and this data will only be used as an aggregate of data in conjunction with users of timeout.com as a whole .
Despite these efforts , timeout.com can not guarantee that a hacker will not obtain access to communications between users and timeout.com .
Requests for Personal Information
To obtain a copy of the personal information Time Out holds about you and to contact Timeout.com regarding this policy by post please address your request to The Data Controller , Time Out London , 251 Tottenham Court Road , London , W1T 7AB enclosing your cheque or postal order for 10 payable to Time Out Digital Limited .

Last updated : July , 2009
Thank you for visiting TMZ.com , a Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group ( `` we '' or `` us '' ) Web site .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on Web pages where this policy is posted .
As we operate internationally , and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States , your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If you create a user account with this site as a visitor from outside the United States , you will be asked during the initial registration to consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your personally identifiable information , which includes the use of cookies as described below .
The Information We Collect
How We Use The Information
Collection of Information by Third Party Sites and Sponsors
Cookies and Other Technical Information
Our Commitment to Security
How You Can Access or Correct Information
How to Contact Us
The Information We Collect
At some Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group Web sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services .
At some other Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group Web sites , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number .
At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services , or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings .
We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our Web pages such as the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using ( e.g. , Windows 2000 or Mac OS ) , and the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , Earthlink ) .
How We Use The Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , and to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards .
From time to time , we also may use this information to offer our products , programs , or services to them .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a `` letter to our editors '' ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us .
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience .
We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena .
We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
In addition , we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company .
Agents and contractors of Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Warner Bros .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
At some places on our Site , we may ask your permission to disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
We may , on occasion , combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you .
When registering with our site , we provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving details about other products and services from Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group and other Time Warner businesses and about products and services from selected third parties .
Finally , we will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses .
Collection of Information by Third Party Sites and Sponsors
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy policies , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
We sometimes may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , or promotions ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
At some Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group Web sites , reputable third parties may present or serve the advertisements .
Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third party ad server may collect from you .
For more information on third party ad servers , please click here .
Cookies and Other Technical Information
We send `` cookies '' to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience .
`` Cookies '' are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information ( including click through and click stream data ) .
Cookies can either be permanent ( i.e. , they remain on your computer until you delete them ) or temporary ( i.e. , they last only until you close your browser ) .
We may also use `` Web beacons '' that monitor your use of our sites .
Web beacons ( or Web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data , such as the IP ( Internet Protocol ) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears , the URL ( Uniform Resource Locator ) of the page on which the Web beacon appears , the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed , the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server .
When corresponding with you via HTML capable e-mail , Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail .
If you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information , this information can be stored in or linked to other data stored in the cookies/Web beacons .
By accepting this Privacy Policy , you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein .
You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site .
Additionally , by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only , you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
However , certain areas of our sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content .
We use third-party advertising companies and networks to serve ads .
These third-party ad network providers may use web beacons and cookies to help present , better target , and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements , using non-personally identifiable data ( such as sites visited and browser type ) gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience .
If you would like more information about this practice , as well as your choices about not having this information used for online behavioral advertising by these ad networks , click here .
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information we collect online .
How You Can Access or Correct Information
To access the personally identifiable information that this Warner Bros .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
Visitors to this site may participate in many activities without providing any personally identifiable information .
However , if a user wants to participate in certain of our interactive features , we ask the user to register and provide us with the following information : the user 's e-mail address and age information .
When the person who registers indicates that he or she is under 13 , we will either collect no personally identifiable information from that individual or inform the child that a parent 's verifiable consent is required or we will collect the e-mail address of the user 's parent in addition to the user 's e-mail address .
We use the parent 's e-mail address to seek the parent 's verifiable consent or notify the parent of his/her child 's online activities and enable the parent to unsubscribe his/her child from a newsletter or other similar activity .
If a user is under 13 , we will not condition his/her participation in an online activity on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
We do not share children 's information with outside third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy .
Chief Privacy Officer , 4000 Warner Blvd. , Building 505 , Burbank , CA 91522 , ( 818 ) 977-0018 .
From time to time , we may update this privacy notice .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and to whom we disclose it .
How to Contact Us
Chief Privacy Officer , 4000 Warner Blvd. , Building 505 , Burbank , CA 91522 , ( 818 ) 977-0018 .

Bestofmedia LLC Privacy Policy
Bestofmedia , LLC is committed to ensuring the privacy of its readers and registered members and wants you to fully understand our terms and conditions This privacy statement describes how any personal , and anonymous , information is collected and managed and how you can request changes to any sharing of this information that may occur .
Bestofmedia , LLC 's servers automatically recognize a visitor 's IP address and domain name .
These items do not reveal any personal information about the visitor .
The information is used solely to compile statistics that enable us to examine page impression levels and numbers of unique users visiting our Web sites .
This information helps us to understand the areas of our sites that people visit in order to deliver more effective content .
Like most other Web sites , Bestofmedia , LLC uses cookies .
Cookies are small data files that some Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them .
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you 've visited .
Cookies do not tell us who you are unless you 've specifically given us personally identifiable information .
A cookie ca n't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites .
Bestofmedia , LLC uses cookies to allow automatic logins to improve your experience with our sites .
For example , we may use a cookie to identify our forums members so they do n't have to re-enter a user id and password when they sign-in .
Cookies can also be used to help us to better understand how visitors interact with our sites leading to the delivery of more relevant content , or they can be used to control the number of times an advertisement is served to the same visitor .
Cookies may be created directly by our sites for these purposes , or by third-party companies operating on our behalf .
Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well .
We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers .
If you choose to become a member of our forums , you must have cookies enabled to access the member related pages ( i.e . Discussion Boards and Member Profile pages ) .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis .
Bestofmedia , LLC may also use pixel tags , also known as beacons , web bugs or clear gifs , to improve our understanding of site traffic , visitor behavior , and response to promotional campaigns , as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement .
Pixel tags are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications , also for the purpose of traffic measurement .
We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies , for the same purpose .
When you visit our Web sites , Bestofmedia , LLC uses third-party advertising companies to serve some or all of the advertisements on our sites , and , in some cases , in our newsletters .
Often , these third-party advertising companies may employ cookie and pixel tag technologies and collecting information to measure the advertisements ' effectiveness .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may interest you .
As part of our relationship with such companies , we do not provide them any personally identifiable information .
Tracking technology utilized by these companies is subject to their own privacy policies .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here : ( networkadvertising.org ) .
Newsletters / Mailing Lists
Through the registration process for forums or any Bestofmedia , LLC Newsletter , we request some personal information such as your e-mail address , company information , your name , job title , etc .
We will never give your personal information to any third party vendor without your prior consent .
We do , however , make our email and postal lists available , on a rental basis , to carefully screened providers of related goods and services .
These activities help us to pay for the daily information we provide on Bestofmedia , LLC Web sites .
If you do not wish to receive information from third party vendors , please use the unsubscribe link provided in the email .
If you do not wish to receive our newsletter , please use the unsubscribe link provided in the newsletter .
Bestofmedia , LLC Email Announcements
In addition , we may , from time to time , send you e-mails announcing new Bestofmedia , LLC Web site features and initiatives .
If you do not wish to receive messages of this nature from Bestofmedia , LLC , please use the unsubscribe link provided in the email .
Finally , if we run a contest or promotion , we may ask you for your full name and address in order to properly manage the promotion of contests and to deliver notification to winners .
The necessary disclosure of any of the above information to third parties will be governed by the following principles :
Where Bestofmedia , LLC is required to do so by law and any order of the court .
Where it is necessary to identify anyone who may be violating the rights of others or the law in general .
Where Bestofmedia , LLC intends to co-operate with the investigation of any alleged unlawful activities without being required to by virtue of any court order or other legal requirement .
Where it is necessary to protect the rights of Bestofmedia , LLC .
Occasionally , Bestofmedia , LLC conducts user surveys to better understand the needs of our audience in order to improve our features .
We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our advertisers and partners .
We never share any information about specific individuals with any third party without the user 's consent .
We use all reasonable precautions to securely maintain all information given to us by our registered members and we are not responsible for any breach of the reasonable security measures installed to protect the said information .
We are not responsible for the private policies of any site linked to , or from , Bestofmedia , LLC .
Bestofmedia , LLC gives users options whenever necessary , and practical .
Such choices include : Opting not to receive our electronic messages , opting not to provide certain optional personal information when registering for an account .
Bestofmedia , LLC reserves the right to transfer any information accumulated as described above in the event of the sale of part or all of Bestofmedia , LLC assets and/or stock .
By visiting our Web sites and by registering for forums you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner herein described .
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time .
Any modifications to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page .
If there is a significant change , we will indicate it on our sites and provide a link to the new policy .
You have requested information by clicking on the Advertising Option Icon displayed on one of the website ( s ) owned and/or operated by the Bestofmedia Group .
On this website and other Bestofmedia Group owned and/or operated websites , we collect information about your visits to this website in order to provide advertisements of interest to you .
We also work with third party advertising companies that may collect and use information about your visits to Bestofmedia Group sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements of interest to you .
We refer to this practice as online behavioral advertising and/or interest based advertising .
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content that you see on this website ( s ) .
Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience on our website ( s ) .
The Bestofmedia Group family of websites adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising ( the `` Principles '' ) , developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance , a group of leading online industry trade associations dedicated to applying consumer-friendly standards to online behavioral advertising across the Internet .
You may opt-out from the use of your information for Online Behavioral Advertising purposes by selecting one or more companies from the list of participating companies and following the opt-out instructions .
Please note that if you delete , block , or otherwise restrict cookies , or if you use a different computer or Internet browser , you will need to renew your opt-out choice .
Also , if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests , you will continue to see advertisements on this website , but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you .

We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users while offering the highest quality user experience .
Because we gather certain types of information about and from you , we believe it is important that you understand our collection and use of this information .
This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather , how we use it , how to correct or change it , and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline .
Please read the complete Privacy Policy below , as well as our Terms of Use , and contact us if you have any questions .
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
You can visit our Website , read materials , and browse the Website 's contents without giving us any personally identifiable information .
In order to provide you with the most efficient and enhanced personalized service and attention , and to accommodate certain requests which you make , we request information about you in certain circumstances and collect certain information automatically .
We collect personally identifiable information that you enter on the Website or otherwise volunteer to us ( such as your name , e-mail address , credit card number , home address , phone number , and/or similar information ) , when you contact us to , among other things , make purchases or request information .
You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features .
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future experiences for you , improving our operations , and communicating with you .
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , like many web sites , we use `` cookies '' and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website or advertisements and other content served by us or on our behalf on other web sites .
We may also automatically collect your Internet Protocol and referring web site addresses , browser type and domain name .
This information helps facilitate your online experience on our Website .
We use `` cookies '' to track usage patterns on our Website and to control the display of ads , as well as to offer other functionalities .
You can turn off cookies , but that will affect your online experience .
Please see below for more detail on cookies .
WHAT DO WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use collected information to evaluate and administer our Website , fulfill your requests , respond to any future problems , such as difficulties in navigating our Website or accessing certain features , and to gauge user trends .
As in any transaction , when you purchase products or make a donation by credit card , your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor , item ( s ) purchased , date , total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction .
We will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission .
We and our technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants follow carefully proscribed procedures to safeguard credit card data in connection with your transactions and adhere to certain legal requirements .
HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is available to us and the technical and fulfillment agents , partners and consultants who make our Website available to you .
Anonymous information is available to our affiliates , sponsors and partners .
Website hosting firms , technical and database consultants , advertising agencies , order processing partners , and other third parties may have access to personally identifiable information in the course of making our Website and its contents available .
All companies working for and with us must comply with our privacy policies , and are not permitted to sell your information to third parties or to use it except as authorized by us and you , or as permitted or required by law .
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent for the following purposes : as needed to satisfy any law , regulation or legal request ; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law ; to protect the integrity of our Website and our property ; to protect the safety of our visitors or others ; to fulfill your requests ; or to cooperate in any legal investigation .
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES
Your web browser offers so-called `` cookies '' which , if you allow their use , store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a web site .
Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore can not be used to identify you personally .
However , cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best and make it easier to use our Website .
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser .
Our Website is viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser .
However , if you disable cookies , some advanced and customized features or offerings will not be available to you .
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message .
We will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly ; but you may still receive promotional information from us by mail for up to 60 days due to printing and mailing schedules , and up to 10 days for e-mail .
You may also continue to receive information from those third parties to whom your information was previously disclosed .
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We incorporate standard industry practices internally and with our service providers , which we believe suits the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this Privacy Policy .
Although we have implemented systems and procedures to secure the data maintained by us , security during Internet transmissions can never be assured .
Our policy is to limit access to personal data to those employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information .
We store data on multiple service systems , in controlled environments .
To maintain security , we conduct internal reviews of our security measures on a regular basis .
VISITORS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Our Website and the servers that make this Website available worldwide are located in the United States .
The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this Website .
Any information you provide in subscribing to our Website or registering or ordering at our Website will be transferred to the United States .
By visiting our Website and submitting information , you authorize this transfer , processing and use .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes .
That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared , along with their names and addresses .
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Robbins Research International , Inc. , 9888 Carroll Centre Road , Suite 100 , San Diego , CA 92126 .
In your request , please specify that you want a `` Your California Privacy Rights Notice '' .
Please allow at least 30 days for a response .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment .
We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our Website to be sure that you are aware of and understand our current policy .
If we make material changes to this policy , or in how we use or collect your personally identifiable information , we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change .
We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected personal information unless you allow us to do so , or unless we are legally required to do so , and in such a case we will e-mail registered Website visitors information on material changes to this Privacy Policy .
CONDITIONS OF USE , NOTICES , AND REVISIONS
If you choose to visit our Website , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of California .
If you have any concern about privacy at our Website , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it .
As our business changes , our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use may change also .
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without the consent of affected user .
We are strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Website .
We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 and have adopted techniques to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( `` COPPA '' ) .
COPPA and its accompanying regulations under United States federal law protect the privacy of children using the Internet .
Our Website includes content that we believe to be unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored .
We encourage all parents to talk to their children about online safety and to monitor their children 's use of the Internet .
Please include the URL of the Website involved in your request .
Or you can contact us by mail at :
Robbins Research International , Inc .
9888 Carroll Centre Road
San Diego , CA 92126

TopGear.com is the registered domain name and official website of TopGear magazine owned by Worldwide Media , a joint venture between the Times Group , India and BBC Worldwide , United Kingdom .
As a User , Customer or Registered Member of TopGear.com we understand that you would be concerned about your privacy online internet .
We are also concerned and respect your privacy .
Needless to mention that we endeavour to protect the privacy of all concerned by using the information you provide with utmost care and security .
First and foremost you need to be 18 years or older to register at TopGear.com as a member or for commercial usage of this B2C website .
Please read this Privacy Policy along with the Terms of Use linked separately to this website , TopGear.com .
By using this website , you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy .
Please do not use this website , if you do not agree with any of the stipulated terms and/or conditions which require your adherence prior to use .
We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add or remove portions of this Policy Policy at any time .
Please check this page periodically for changes .
Your continued use of our website following the changes to the terms and/or conditions shall mean you accept those changes in totality .
The access to some general features of our website is free .
However for using certain services on our website such as for shopping online or interactive features , we request you to complete the Registration Form and thus create a TopGear.com User Account .
During registration , we would collect personally identifying information such as your name , age , residential address , contact numbers , gender , email address , billing data , including credit card number , expiration date and billing address .
But it may be noted that financial details , if any , procured from a registered user are not stored by us and shall be sourced and used by the payment gateway facilitator or concerned processing bank ( s ) for suitably instructing in connection to execution of our customers orders .
At times we may also use the information to contact our users about various services on our website or for soliciting feedbacks , research , individual marketing , strategic client analysis or for other internal purposes .
Your contact information shall not be sold , traded , rented or in any way divulged to any third party unless we are legally bound to do the same or in such situations where the information needs to be shared in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal or fraudulent activities online or physical , for protection of our rights or property or of those associated or concerned , including payment gateway facilitator , processing bank ( s ) , customers and / or those connected with our website .
Please note that our website automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address .
You may also be asked to provide certain personally or non-personally identifiable information prior to participation in certain forums , chat-rooms , blogs , surveys , contests , etc. , going forward , thus ensuring an enhanced and personalised experience on TopGear.com .
We shall not be responsible for privacy of any information provided by you on our website which has not been specifically requested by us .
A login identity and password would be available for you use .
All activities that occur using your password are your responsibility , whether or not authorised by you .
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or registered account per se .
In case we can not verify the information that you provide when you log on or otherwise , we may ask you to send us additional information by fax , such as your driving license , credit card statement , utility bill or any other information linking you to your applicable address or may request you to answer additional questions online to help verify your information .
'Cookies ' are small data files that your browser gathers on your computers hard drive .
Our website server draws on these cookies inter alia to recognise our repeat customers and keep tab on usage , including shopping , through our website .
Cookies are a useful element in the service process and help us to improve and develop the services and orientation towards our valued customers .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and but do allow you to block use of cookies .
However , if you disable this feature , certain aspects of TopGear.com , such as the shopping basket , may not function properly , not to mention the need to repeatedly authenticating your identity credentials .
Our website may contain links to other websites .
We are not in anyway responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites and hereby expressly disclaim all liability associated with the content and use thereof .
We welcome your feedback concerning this Privacy Policy .
Please send your comments , questions or desired clarifications to :
The Times of India Building , 4th Floor ,
Dr. D. N. Road , Fort ,
Tel : +91 22 22733358 +91 22 22733535
Fax : +91 22 22731585

Topix respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use Topix 's services ( `` Topix Services '' ) .
Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission or as explained in this privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) .
Upon your first visit to Topix.com , Topix sends a `` cookie '' to your computer .
A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user .
Topix uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more .
Topix does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Topix Services .
Topix will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Be aware , however , that some parts of the Topix Services may not function properly if you refuse cookies .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
What Information Do We Collect ?
Topix does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email address , etc . ) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
For example , Topix DOES collect such information from those users registering as Community Users and/or User Editors .
Topix notes and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each query .
That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users .
For example , Topix may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing search results or advertisements .
Links to Other Sites
The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by people over whom Topix exercises no control .
Other links are also on sites not controlled by Topix .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit personal information .
Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all web sites you visit .
Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a `` URL redirecter . ''
When Topix uses a URL redirecter , if you click on a URL on a Topix page , information about the click is sent to Topix , and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on .
Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix 's technology .
With Whom Does Topix Share Information ?
Topix may share information about you with advertisers , business partners , sponsors , and other third parties .
However , we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent .
For example , we may disclose how frequently the average Topix user visits Topix , or which Topix pages are most often used .
Please be aware , however , that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order .
Further , Topix reserves the right to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement requests for information at its sole discretion .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information from our systems .
Topix uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
This automatically-collected data is also used by Topix to analyze trends , administer the site and track users ' use of the site .
In addition , Topix collects personally identifiable information from users ( including email addresses , names , gender , date of birth , and zip code ) during the registration process .
This information may be used by Topix to improve our site and the overall user experience .
Topix may , through its website , iPhone applications and related sites , request your location via a geolocation service .
Through this service Topix may collect , depending on the capabilities of your device , information about the wifi routers closest to you , indentifying information related to the cell towersclosest to you , and the strength of your wifi or cell signal .
Topix will use this information to return an estimated location .
This information ( including your IP address ) may then be used by Topix to develop new features , products or services .
This information may also be shared on an aggregated or individual basis with our third party advertisers to display better-targeted advertising content .
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the Topix Services and our web site , you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy .
Topix may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we do , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it .
Who can I ask if I have additional questions ?
Feel free to contact us any time and we 'll answer any additional questions you may have .
If you have additional questions , feel free to contact us .

TOTAL BEAUTY MEDIA , INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important , so Total Beauty Media , Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the Total Beauty web site ( the `` Site '' ) , why we collect it , and how it is used .
The terms `` you , '' `` your '' and `` yours '' refer to all visitors of our Site .
The terms `` Total Beauty '' , `` we '' , `` us '' and `` our '' refer to Total Beauty Media , Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates .
This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use .
By accessing this Site and the content , information , products and services available on this Site , you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use .
We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Site .
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes , so we encourage you to visit this page often .
If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site .
If you have any questions about our privacy practices , please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us .
The Collection of Information
The Information We Collect ; How We Collect It
We may request at times that you voluntarily supply us with personal information .
Such personal information includes any information that may be used to identify a specific individual , including , but not limited to , a first and last name , home or other physical address , an email address , phone number ( s ) and other contact information .
Generally some or all of this information is requested when you register on the Site , when you post product reviews or ratings , or when you provide information in connection with sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and samples programs .
We may request information about your interests and activities , your gender and age , and other demographic information as well as public information such as user ratings and reviews and other information you view on the Site .
We request additional personal information , including your credit card information , billing and shipping addresses , and telephone number when you use our services to make purchases .
If you invite a friend to join Total Beauty , you will need to provide his or her name and email address .
Total Beauty will retain this information to credit your membership with referrals and track the success of our referral plan .
Some of the information Total Beauty collects is not explicitly submitted by you - Total Beauty also automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookie information , the web pages you request , your browser type and language , access times , the searches you undertake , and the referring web site address .
For instance , when you visit our Site , we may assign your computer one or more cookies , to facilitate access to our Site and to personalize your online experience .
Through the use of a cookie , we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our Site , such as the web pages you visit , the links you click , and the searches you conduct on the Site .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies , and you should be able to remove existing cookies by following your browser help file directions .
If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Site .
We also may use standard other technologies , such as web beacons and other similar technologies , to track your use of our Site .
We also may include web beacons in promotional or other e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon .
The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our Site users to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising , content , programming or other activities .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site .
The third-party advertising technology that we use on this Site uses information derived from your visits to this Site to target advertising within this Site and gauge the effectiveness of the advertising .
The Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology
Total Beauty , its service providers , or third party advertisers or their service providers may use third-party advertising technology to customize the ads you see on our Site based on your previous online activity on this Site and other sites .
This is sometimes called `` interest based advertising '' or `` online behavioral advertising , '' and it is intended to deliver ads that are relevant to your interests and thereby enhance your online experience .
For instance , certain advertisers may place unique cookies or other electronic tools on your browser that gather non-personally identifiable information regarding your online activities on this Site and others .
This information may then be used , alone or in conjunction with other information , to make inferences about your interests , and then display to you advertisements that are tailored to your particular interests while you are on this Site or other web sites .
The collection and use of your information by our service providers , third-party advertisers or their service providers is not covered by this Privacy Policy nor is it within our control .
If you would like to learn more about interest based advertising or if you would like to opt out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this Site or other web sites , please click here
We participate in ad remarketing programs delivered currently through our vendor Google and possibly other similar networks in the future .
Our third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to the Total Beauty Site .
You may opt out of Google 's use of cookies by clicking here to learn more about Blue Kai 's business practices and privacy policies , including how to decline participation in these programs .
How We Use Your Information
Generally , we may use information that we collect about you to :
deliver the products , services and newsletters that you have requested ;
deliver a quality shopping experience ;
process your purchases and send you administrative messages regarding the process of such purchases ;
manage your account and provide you with customer support ;
communicate with you by e-mail about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties ;
Tracking email invitations ;
Tracking your purchase history ;
give away product samples to users who are willing to have their personal information shared with the product manufacturers ;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes ;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Site and other web sites ;
perform research and analysis about your use of , or interest in , our service , or content , or products , services or content offered by others ;
manage our business ;
enforce our terms and conditions ; and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection .
Information such as your full name , profile photo and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to other users primarily in conjunction with product reviews and ratings you have contributed .
In addition , we may sell or license your reviews to third parties , in which case your first name and last initial and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be shown to users of such third party web sites .
Your postings will be displayed on publicly-viewable web pages , and whenever you disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
How We Share or Disclose Your Information
We may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on our Site or while using our services under the following circumstances .
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you the opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared ( see below Controlling Your Personal Information ) .
We may share your personal information in connection with sharing , selling or licensing your product reviews to third parties .
Your first name and last initial , profile photo , and any personally identifiable information you have included in your reviews may be transferred to such third parties and displayed on their web sites in connection with such third parties ' publication of your reviews .
We may share your information with our beauty brand partners ( Brand Partners ) in the course of your purchase of their Vouchers to help them process your redemption of their Vouchers .
Any such redemption subjects the information provided to the participating Brand Partner to its privacy policy , and NOT this Privacy Policy .
This may result in certain of our Brand Partners marketing to you directly .
We do not have any responsibility for the actions of our Brand Partners nor do we have any liability to you for their actions .
Total Beauty may share your information with third party businesses for their online marketing purposes ; but we do not disclose your personal information to any such third parties that may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so .
We may provide our postal mailing list ( consisting of names and postal mailing addresses , but not email addresses ) to trusted third party businesses whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you .
To identify products that we believe may be of interest to you , we may aggregate information you have given us ( demographic information , for example ) and information that we have collected ( such as past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources .
We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf .
These services may include supporting our Site functionality , supporting contests , sweepstakes , surveys and other features offered through our Site , and filling orders and customer support .
These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes .
We may disclose your personal information to strategic partners with which we undertake traffic linking arrangements or co-branded promotions .
We may disclose your personal information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand , a court order , or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases , we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
We may disclose your personal information when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate , prevent , or take other action regarding illegal activity , suspected fraud or other wrongdoing ; to protect and defend the rights , property or safety of our company , our users , our employees , or others ; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement ; or to enforce our Site 's terms and conditions or other agreements or policies .
We may disclose your information to subsidiaries and affiliates of Total Beauty .
We may disclose your personal information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of our business , a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
The personal information which you provide to us is an asset of Total Beauty and may be included in the assets transferred in the event of a substantial corporate transaction .
There are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information .
Those policies will govern use , handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you want to learn more about their privacy practices , we encourage you to visit the web sites of those third parties .
These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States .
Total Beauty will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained above , and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing .
Aggregated and Non-Personal Information
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances .
We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Site and on third-party web sites .
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources .
We also may share aggregated information with third parties , including advisors , advertisers and investors , for the purpose of conducting general business analysis .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Site and the most popular areas and features of our Site .
This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop content and new services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising .
We hire vendors , including Google , to undertake our remarketing program , which allows us to communicate with people who have previously visited key pages on the Total Beauty Site .
These third party vendors , may show Total Beauty ads on sites on the internet and use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to the Total Beauty Site .
From time to time , we may use your information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy .
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
If you are concerned about how your information is used , you should check back at our Site periodically .
Product Reviews and Ratings and Bulletin Boards
We encourage you to generate and submit product reviews and ratings regarding beauty products on our Site .
Our Site also features areas where you may access other interactive features such as bulletin boards .
Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use .
In addition , such postings may appear on other web sites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting .
Also , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages , that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others .
For example , if you post your email address , you may receive unsolicited messages .
We can not control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post , so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information .
Third Party Web Sites
This Site contains integrations with other sites such as Facebook or Twitter , and there are a number of places on our Site where you may click on a hyperlink to access these sites and other web sites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
For example , if you click on an advertisement on our Site , you may be taken to a web site that we do not control .
These third-party web sites may independently solicit and collect information , including personal information , from you and , in some instances , provide us with information about your activities on those web sites .
We recommend that you consult the privacy policies of all third-party web sites you visit by clicking on the `` privacy '' link typically located at the bottom of the web page you are visiting .
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may elect not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Site because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member or user ; submit product ratings and reviews ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , sweepstakes or samples give-away ; make purchases ; ask a question ; or initiate certain other transactions on our Site .
If you are a registered user of our Site , you may update your personal information simply by signing in and going to `` My Account '' from our home page .
You can make changes to your account information at any time .
To protect your privacy and security , we will also verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
You may also contact us to communicate any questions or concerns .
More information about how to contact us is provided below .
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by logging in with your account information , clicking on the `` My Account '' link , then clicking on the `` My Settings '' link and adjusting those items of your communication settings you would like to update .
You also will be given the opportunity , in any commercial e-mail that we send to you , to opt out of receiving such messages in the future .
We may however send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications , such as service announcements , administrative notices , and surveys , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You may however continue to receive email invitations from your friends and additional Total Beauty communications while Total Beauty processes your opt-out request .
How we protect your personal information
We take appropriate security measures ( including physical , electronic and procedural measures ) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure .
For instance , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may do so only for permitted business functions .
The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer ( SSL ) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers .
In addition , we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information .
However , although we take steps to secure your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information , searches , or other communications will always remain secure .
Most of our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
You must be 18 to use certain portions of our site , for instance where ecommerce activities are accessible .
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 18 in those portions of our site .
Visiting from outside the United States
Visiting from outside the United States This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our Site from residents of the United States .
If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy .
Our goal is to respect your privacy .
Total Beauty Media , Inc. ,
3420 Ocean Park Blvd , Suite 3050
Santa Monica , CA 90405
Attn : Privacy Officer
Total Beauty welcomes your comments and questions .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California , in addition to the rights set forth above , you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information :
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year ;
the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information ; and
if the nature of the third party 's business can not be determined from their name , examples of the products or services marketed .
We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you .
Last updated on March 15 , 2012 .
2008 - 2013 Total Beauty Media , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Interest Based Advertising Information and Opt-out
Interest based advertising uses information collected by third parties across multiple web sites that you visit in order to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you .
If you would like to learn more about `` interest based advertising '' ( also called `` online behavioral advertising '' ) please click on any of the links below :
The IAB 's Privacy Matters website
The NAI 's Learn More page
The Total Beauty web site ( the `` Site '' ) uses several vendors that implement interest based advertising including Google , Adroll and possibly other similar networks in the future .
The use of your information by these third parties is not subject to Total Beauty 's privacy policy .
You should click on either of the links below to inform yourself about their respective privacy policies and their information collection and use practices .
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site and other web sites .
If you would like to opt out of our vendors ' and other third parties ' use of cookies on your browser , please click on either of the links below .
Alternatively , you may click on the link below to review the third parties using cookies for interest based advertising on your browser and opt out of some or all of these third parties ' use of cookies .
Please note : If your browser is set to block third party cookies , these opt out features may not operate or display properly .
Note also that if you wish to opt out of interest based advertising :
You will need to opt out on each device and each browser that you use to access this Site .
You will no longer receive interest based ads on this Site , but you will still see the same number of ads as before , but they likely will not be as relevant to your interests .
If you delete your browser cookies , you will need to return to this page and opt out again if you wish to remain opted out from interest based advertising .
For more information regarding what information Total Beauty collects and how that information is used and shared , please click here to visit our Privacy Policy .

TOYS '' R '' US PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT DOES THE TOYS '' R '' US PRIVACY POLICY COVER ?
WHAT INFORMATION DOES TOYS '' R '' US COLLECT ?
HOW DOES TOYS '' R '' US USE AND SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION ?
HOW IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED ?
WHAT ARE MY CHOICES REGARDING HOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND USED ?
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DOES TOYS '' R '' US USE THEM ?
HOW CAN I UPDATE OR CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION ?
WHAT IS TOYS '' R '' US ' CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY POLICY ?
HOW TO CONTACT TOYS '' R '' US
REVISIONS TO THE TOYS '' R '' US PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
WHAT DOES THE TOYS '' R '' US PRIVACY POLICY COVER
This privacy policy outlines Toys '' R '' Us ' practices regarding information collected :
Online at Toysrus.com , Babiesrus.com , Toyrusinc.com and any other websites operated by Toys '' R '' Us ( the `` Toys '' R '' Us Sites '' ) ;
When you call , e-mail or otherwise communicate with Toys '' R '' Us ;
Through or in connection with apps or software sponsored by Toys '' R '' Us ;
On portions of other websites hosted or sponsored by Toys '' R '' Us ;
When you or your child use the Tabeo tablet ;
In any games or promotions sponsored by Toys '' R '' Us ; and
At Toys '' R '' Us and Babies '' R '' Us retail stores in the United States ( the `` Retail Stores '' ) .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , Toys '' R '' Us includes Toys '' R '' Us , Inc. , Toys '' R '' Us-Delaware , Inc. and their retail stores and websites in the United States .
By visiting a Toys '' R '' Us Site or Retail Store , participating in our rewards program or otherwise interacting with Toys '' R '' Us , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
We suggest you review this Privacy Policy periodically , as it may be updated from time to time .
This Privacy Policy was last revised in December 2013 .
What information does Toys '' R '' Us collect
Information You Give Us .
Toys '' R '' Us may collect any information ( such as first and last name , credit card number , address , e-mail address and telephone number ) that you provide when you interact with Toys '' R '' Us .
Some examples are when you :
Make an online or in-store purchase ;
Create or edit your Registries and Wish Lists ;
Participate in a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion ;
Download an application ;
Participate in a game or other promotion on a Toys '' R '' Us Site or at one of our partner 's websites ;
Fill out a survey or questionnaire ;
Sign up for our rewards program or other program or club ;
Engage with Toys '' R '' Us content through third-party social networking sites ;
Purchase a product as a result of visiting a Toys '' R '' Us Site , such as through our partner i-Parcel ;
Set up the parental controls for the Tabeo tablet ; or
Contact a Toys '' R '' Us customer service representative .
Automatic Information Collection .
Each time you visit a Toys '' R '' Us Site or the websites of any of our partners or use any of our mobile apps , we may automatically collect certain types of information .
Some examples of automatic information we may collect are as follows :
We may record your internet service provider 's address , your internet protocol or IP address , the web page from which you came , your web browser software , the type of handheld or mobile device used to link to the web page , and the language settings on your web browser ;
We may collect a record of your activity or your `` clickstream '' while visiting Toys '' R '' Us Sites ;
We may use `` cookies '' of different types to recognize your computer .
A cookie is a small text file that a website , online application , or e-mail may save to your internet browser and/or your computer 's hard drive for use in subsequent visits to Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other sites ; and
We may use web beacons , match scripts , pixel tags or similar technologies that allow us to know if a particular web page was visited , an e-mail opened , links in the email utilized or if the advertisements on the Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other sites were effective .
In some instances , these technologies may allow us to match activities with particular users ; and
We may collect any information you enter , share or that can be obtained from your use of our apps , games , contests , or promotions .
You have the choice to tell us not to collect and use this information .
For more information , including how you can opt out , click here : About Toys '' R '' Us Advertising
We operate cameras in our Retail Stores for security and operational purposes .
Except for security and loss-prevention purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally .
Information you provide at our Retail Stores may be combined with information that you provide online at Toys '' R '' Us Sites , as well as with information about your product interests and purchases we collect automatically .
The information you provide to Toys '' R '' Us may also be combined with demographic and other information that is available from other sources in order to allow Toys '' R '' Us to better communicate with you and enhance our customer service and your shopping experience .
Do Not Track ( DNT ) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers , allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services .
At the present time , the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore , Toys '' R '' Us and the Toys '' R '' Us Sites do not recognize DNT .
How does Toys '' R '' Us use and share personal information
Using Your Personal Information
Your personal information is used by Toys '' R '' Us and others to enhance your customer relationship , respond to your requests , improve our customer service , tailor offerings and advertisements to you , communicate with you about products , services , special offerings and events or programs offered by Toys '' R '' Us or our marketing partners that may be of interest to you .
We participate in interest-based advertising and we or others may use information about you to deliver to you or allow you to see certain advertising based on your interests , searches you perform , information you provide , or your activity on Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other websites .
Toys '' R '' Us may also use this information to analyze and manage its businesses .
Aggregate or combined data is collected from online and offline facilities and may be used to enhance the ability of Toys '' R '' Us to communicate with you and to support business functions such as fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , customer service , fraud prevention , and public safety and legal functions .
Sharing Your Personal Information
With Third Parties : Toys '' R '' Us may share your personal information with third parties , including as set forth below .
With Other Parts of our Business and our Business Partners : Personal information collected by any part or department of Toys '' R '' Us ' business will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and may be shared with other parts or departments of Toys '' R '' Us ' business and with our business partners , including third parties , for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
For a list of apps and developers that Toys '' R '' Us works with , including preloaded apps and developers on the Tabeo tablet , click HERE .
With our Service Providers : Toys '' R '' Us may share your personal information with service providers .
Some examples of things service providers may do that may involve your personal information are :
Authorization of credit card and check transactions , order fulfillment , sweepstakes and contests , our rewards program , and cobranded or joint product and service promotions .
Developing , hosting or maintaining the Toys '' R '' Us Sites on behalf of Toys '' R '' Us .
Warehousing product , personalizing product and performing order fulfillment and shipping services on behalf of Toys '' R '' Us or on your behalf and at your request .
Aggregating customer information and/or improving customer service .
We may then share such aggregated information with prospective marketing partners and advertisers .
These service providers are granted access to some or all of your personal information as necessary and may use cookies ( as defined above and below ) or other automatic collection technology on our behalf .
The service providers are contractually restricted in the ways they may use your personal information .
In Connection with Business Transfers : In the event that a store , division or part or all of Toys '' R '' Us ( or the assets of a Toys '' R '' Us entity ) is bought , sold or otherwise transferred , or is in the process of a potential transaction , customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets .
To Comply with Laws : Toys '' R '' Us may also disclose specific information when such disclosure appears necessary to comply with the law , a subpoena or other litigation process or to protect the interests or safety of its visitors and customers , Toys '' R '' Us employees or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
On Registries and Wish Lists : Registries and Wish Lists are made available for viewing by others .
If you create your Registry or Wish List and elect to make it available online , your information will be accessible at Toysrus.com and Babiesrus.com and may be available at other sites as well .
If you create your Registry or Wish List at Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com , your Registry information may also be accessible at the Retail Stores .
How is my personal information protected
Toys '' R '' Us uses industry-standard security techniques on the Toys '' R '' Us Sites to help protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information collected from you at the Toys '' R '' Us Sites .
When you access your account information or transmit personally identifiable data to the Toys '' R '' Us Sites , that information is stored on servers that the Toys '' R '' Us Sites have attempted to secure from unauthorized access or intrusion .
`` Secure Socket Layer '' software encrypts personal information you transmit to the Toys '' R '' Us Sites .
Toys '' R '' Us can not be and is not responsible for unauthorized access to information by hackers or others who have obtained such access through illegal measures .
`` Phishing '' is a scam designed to steal your personal information .
If you receive an e-mail that looks like it might be from Toys '' R '' Us asking for your personal information , do not respond .
Toys '' R '' Us would not request your password , user name , credit card information , or other personal information through e-mail .
What are my choices regarding how my personal information is collected and used
Communications from Toys '' R '' Us .
From time to time you may receive communications including mailings , telephone calls or e-mails from Toys '' R '' Us with information on products or services , discounts , special promotions , upcoming events or other offers from Toys '' R '' Us or its marketing partners .
You may opt out of receiving e-mail communications by clicking the `` Unsubscribe '' link at the bottom of the e-mail received or click here to unsubscribe from future e-mails .
It may take us up to 10 days to complete this process , as permitted by law .
You may opt out of receiving text messages or SMS communications by texting STOP or STOP ALL to the shortcode you are subscribed to ( 72229 or 78697 ) .
Please note that if you request that your name be removed from a Toys '' R '' Us mailing list , your name will be removed from all of the mailing lists maintained by Toys '' R '' Us .
In addition , your personal information may be retained in the database for recordkeeping purposes and for internal research and analysis .
We participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising .
This means that you may receive communications , special promotions , and see advertising on Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other websites tailored to how you browse or shop on Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other websites .
You may also see advertising for Toys '' R '' Us on other advertising on other websites based on your particular interests and online activity on Toys '' R '' Us Sites or other websites .
You have the choice to tell us not to collect and use this information .
Learn more about this kind of advertising and how you can opt out by clicking here : About `` R '' Us Advertising
What are cookies and how does Toys '' R '' Us use them
The Toys '' R '' Us Sites use `` cookies , '' which are small pieces of information stored by your browser or other application on your computer 's browser or hard drive .
The cookies are used to connect your computer with information stored about your online activity , searches , preferences and product purchases both within the same website visit and from one visit to the next on Toys '' R '' Us and/or other websites .
( Some examples of this data include your account preferences , items added to your cart , user specific information on pages accessed , searched terms or addresses entered , and previous visits to the site . )
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether .
If you reject cookies , you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive a promotion tailored to you .
We or our partners may also use Flash cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , and personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
How can I update or change my personal information
To change your shipping or billing information for Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com orders , log on , select `` My Account '' and make the appropriate changes .
What is Toys '' R '' Us ' children 's privacy policy
The Toys '' R '' Us Sites , including the Tabeo tablet , do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent .
If Toys '' R '' Us learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent , it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law ) .
Third-party apps preloaded or downloaded to the Tabeo may collect your child 's name , username or screenname , photos , video , or audio recordings , geolocation information , and IP address or other persistent identifiers .
Certain apps may permit in-app purchases or include social network features .
You should review the privacy policy of each application before you allow your child to access or download an app on the Tabeo .
We encourage you to actively use the parental control features of Tabeo to monitor and control your child 's use of Tabeo , including which apps they have access to .
You should make sure you keep your parental password safe and not give it to your child .
If you change your mind about an app and want to opt-out of allowing an app to collect information , you can block the app at any time through use of the parental controls feature of Tabeo .
In those circumstances you may also want to contact the developer to ask them to not use and/or delete prior information collected regarding your child .
You may also contact an app developer directly , and a list of the Tabeo preloaded apps and developers is available by clicking HERE .
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :
Linked Sites or Online Services
The Toys '' R '' Us Sites may contain links to other sites or online services , such as advertising or social media plug-ins and widgets , including content from other sites or services that is occasionally framed within a Toys '' R '' Us Site .
Other sites and services may collect your personal information and information about your use of the Toys '' R '' Us Sites .
Moreover , if you access those links , you will leave the Toys '' R '' Us Sites .
Toys '' R '' Us does not control those sites or services or their privacy practices , which may be different from this one .
You should review the privacy policy of any site or online service linked to or framed within a Toys '' R '' Us Site .
How to contact Toys '' R '' Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to call us at 1-800-TOYSRUS ( 1-800-869-7787 ) or 1-888-BABYRUS ( 1-888-222-9787 ) .
Revisions to the Toys '' R '' Us Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated and revised from time to time , and we will post any changes to this policy .
You agree that the information that we gather now will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use .
We may contact you with notices concerning our Privacy Policy , but you should check the Toys '' R '' Us Sites periodically to review any changes .
Your California Privacy Rights
This privacy policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes .
It applies to all Toys '' R '' Us customers , including California residents :
We share information with others as more fully set forth above in How does Toys '' R '' Us use and share personal information ?
We share your information with other parts of our business and with our service providers .
See above : How does Toys '' R '' Us use and share personal information ?
You may contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose .
See above : How to contact Toys '' R '' Us
About Toys '' R '' Us Advertising
Toys '' R '' Us may participate in interest-based advertising .
Toys '' R '' Us may automatically collect information regarding how you browse websites , use apps , play games , and shop in order to enhance your customer experience , improve our customer service , and provide you with communications and promotions from us or others .
The goal of interest-based advertising is for Toys '' R '' Us or its advertising partners to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests .
You can choose to tell us not to collect this information and not to provide you with interest-based advertising .
Note that if you choose to opt out , you may continue to see ads on Toys '' R '' Us websites and receive communications from Toys '' R '' Us , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop .
To successfully opt out , you must have cookies enabled in your web browser .
A `` cookie '' is a small data file transferred by a website to your computer 's hard drive .
Toys '' R '' Us or its service providers send cookies when you surf our sites or sites where our ads appear , make purchases , request or personalize information , or register yourself for certain services .
The `` Help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to enable or disable cookies .
Opting out only applies to your current web browser on your current computer .
If you use multiple computers or multiple web browsers , you must opt out using each one .
Once you opt out , if you delete your browser 's saved cookies , you will need to opt out again .
As an alternative , you can prevent Toys '' R '' Us from automatic collection of some information by disabling cookies on your web browser .
The `` Help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether , and the portion of this Privacy Policy above regarding `` Flash cookie '' addresses how to disable other types of automatic collection of information for these purposes .
Note that some information will still be collected unless you opt out as described above .
Also , note that if you reject cookies from Toys '' R '' Us Sites altogether , you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive a promotion tailored to you .
Some websites may belong to ad networks that use browsing history across various websites to choose which ads to display on their sites ; the displayed ads may include advertising for Toys '' R '' Us .
Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for such advertising .
For purposes of this policy , Toys '' R '' Us includes Toys '' R '' Us , Inc. , Toys '' R '' Us-Delaware , Inc. and their retail stores and websites in the United States .
To learn more about how Toys '' R '' Us uses , protects , and shares information , see our full Privacy Policy .

The integrity of individuals is an important factor of Tradedoubler 's business success .
Tradedoubler 's advertisers , publishers , media agencies and other customers ( hereafter the `` Client/Clients '' ) that from time to time provide Tradedoubler with personal data , as well as web surfers whose digital data is processed by Tradedoubler as part of its provision of services to it 's Clients ( hereafter the `` User/Users '' ) , must be able to trust that data is processed by Tradedoubler in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations .
This Privacy Policy was created in order for Clients and Users to better understand how information relating to them is processed by Tradedoubler .
The Privacy Policy is not exhaustive , but contains certain fundamental privacy principles applied by Tradedoubler which Tradedoubler considers to be of particular importance for Clients and Users to be aware of .
Part 1 of the Privacy Policy contains Tradedoubler 's general privacy principles with regard to its processing of personal data provided by Clients , Users or other individuals .
Part 2 of the Privacy Policy contains information regarding Tradedoubler 's processing of digital information about Users in relation to Tradedoubler 's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting activities .
It also contains requirements on publishers with whom we have contracted to serve Interest Based Advertising , Retargeting and other marketing services , to notify Users about Tradedoubler 's services on their websites .
Part 3 of the Privacy Policy contains contact information for different kinds of inquiries and requests relating to Tradedoubler 's processing of data and this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy was last revised on 21st May 2012 .
Tradedoubler may at any time and without notice change it , e.g . to keep it compliant with applicable laws .
You should therefore read this Privacy Policy each time you intend to provide Tradedoubler with personal data .
Part 1 - General privacy principles
Personal data and controller of personal data
Personal data comprises all information that directly or indirectly can be referred to a natural person who is alive , e.g . name , postal address , e-mail address and phone number .
A controller of personal data is the natural or legal person who processes personal data and who decides why and how such data shall be processed .
Collection of personal data
Personal data for which Tradedoubler is controller may be provided by you to us e.g . in the following situations :
If you are a Client you may be required to provide us with personal and corporate information , such as name , address , email address and other account information , in order to be able to access and use our services ;
As part of our sales efforts , we may collect and store data through online forms for contact purposes ;
If you are a prospect Client , you may provide us with personal data through this Site when applying to join our network ;
You may provide us with personal data when you send us inquiries relating to our services or in relation to this Privacy Policy .
Use of personal data
Tradedoubler is committed to protect any personal data you provide to us and to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws .
Personal data provided to Tradedoubler may be used for the following purposes ; provide you requested products and services ; manage Tradedoubler 's agreed obligations and rights towards you ; process payments ; administration ; internal analysis to improve or more effectively tailor Tradedoubler 's Site , business or offerings generally ; allow you access to agreed products and services ; direct marketing ; any other purpose you have consented to or which is allowed under applicable law .
Your personal data may also be processed for additional purposes stated on any relevant part of the Site or otherwise in connection with the provision to us of your personal data .
Your personal data may be combined with other information collected from you or third parties for the above purposes .
Disclosure and transfer of personal data
Personal data may be transferred to other companies within the Tradedoubler group of companies .
Tradedoubler may as a consequence of service agreements with third parties , also transfer personal data to such third parties who process personal data on behalf of Tradedoubler .
Such service agreement shall contain obligations for third parties to process data only in accordance with Tradedoubler 's instructions and to take appropriate measures to secure that the processing of the personal data is secure .
For any of the purposes described herein , personal data may be transferred to Tradedoubler 's business partners within or outside the EU/EEA .
Should any of the recipients reside in a country without adequate legal protection for personal data , Tradedoubler will make reasonable efforts to make the recipient adopt the principles described in this Privacy Policy .
Where it is required by law or where Tradedoubler otherwise deems it appropriate , Tradedoubler will seek consent from you before Tradedoubler processes your personal data .
Such consent may e.g . be obtained by asking you to accept processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and/or other terms and conditions stated in connection with the collection , please do not provide personal data to Tradedoubler .
Tradedoubler reserves the rights not to provide you certain products or services should you choose not to provide required personal data .
You are at all times entitled to withdraw your consent to process personal data that you have provided to Tradedoubler .
In such case Tradedoubler will not process your personal data based on consent any more .
You are entitled to request that Tradedoubler shall not process your personal data for direct marketing purposes .
Contact details for withdrawal of consent and/or for request that Tradedoubler shall not process your personal data for direct marketing purposes are set out in Part 3 below .
Right to information and rectification of personal data
Tradedoubler will take reasonable measures to rectify , block or erase personal data that it is shown incorrect without undue delay .
Part 3 of this Privacy Policy contains information about who you should contact if you would like us to correct personal data that we hold on you and which you consider incorrect .
To the extent required by law , we will inform you about Tradedoubler 's processing of your personal data in connection with the initial collection or registration of your personal data .
Such information may e.g . be provided by notifying you about this Privacy Policy .
You may request a copy of the personal data that Tradedoubler holds about you ( `` Subject Access Request '' ) .
You are entitled to such information free of charge once a year .
This information will include information regarding what personal data Tradedoubler processes about you , where such information has been collected , for which purpose the information is being processed , and to whom , or to which categories of persons , the information is being disclosed .
Contact information for Subject Access Request is set out in Part 3 of this Privacy Policy .
Destruction of personal data
Any personal data that we hold on you is only stored as long as it is required for us to keep them in order to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected .
Data may however be necessary to store for a longer period due to legal requirements , e.g . for accountancy purposes .
Tradedoubler is dedicated to maintain the security of personal data and preventing unauthorized access through the implementation of appropriate technical and organizational measures , as far as is reasonably possible .
Such security measures also include that personal data may be accessed only by a limited number of persons within Tradedoubler .
Our employees are made aware of and must comply with Tradedoubler 's security standards .
When we occasionally use third-party contractors to perform tasks that might otherwise be performed by our employees , these contractors are contractually bound to adhere to this Privacy Policy and they are subject to similar restrictions as our employees .
The Site contains cookies .
This Site sends your browser a cookie - a small piece of data stored on your computer 's hard drive .
The purpose of the cookie is to improve your reading of and your search possibilities on our Site .
If you are a registered Client ( e.g . a publisher ) , the cookie will also manage and control your login and session on those part of our Site that are only available to registered Clients .
If you do not want to accept that your computer receives and stores cookies , you can alter your security settings on your web browser ( Internet Explorer , Google Chrome , Safari etc . ) .
However , note that certain parts of our Site may only be used fully if your browser allows cookies .
Thus , your reading experience of our Site may be affected negatively by removing and not allowing cookies .
If you wish to alter your cookie settings , by going to your browsers settings , below are short instructions for how to do this in the four most popular browsers :
Click the 'Tools ' icon in the top right hand corner and select 'Internet options ' .
In the pop up window select the 'Privacy ' tab .
From here you can adjust your cookie settings .
Click the spanner in the top right hand corner and select 'Settings ' .
From here select 'Under the hood ' and change the settings under 'Privacy ' .
From the drop down menu in the top left hand corner select 'Options ' .
In the pop up window select the 'Privacy ' tab .
From here you can adjust your cookie settings .
From the settings drop down menu in the top right hand corner select 'Preferences ' .
Select the 'Security ' tab and from here you can adjust your cookie settings .
In addition , Tradedoubler may serve ads on this and other websites using our own ad-serving technology .
In doing so , one of our ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on your computer and will use non-personal information about your browser and your activity at this site to serve ads on this and other sites .
The ad-serving cookie is a persistent cookie .
Please click here for more information about Tradedoubler ad serving or to opt-out of the Tradedoubler ad-serving cookie .
The table below explains the cookies we use and why .
JSESSIONID For security reasons when logging in a session cookie is needed .
It is a unique id to this session and encrypts this in a cookie .
This cookie is set when logging in and will be deleted when logging out .
GlobalSessionId A session cookie to keep you logged in into the old and the new system at the same time
test To check if cookies are disabled or not in the browser .
To inform the user that cookies has to be enabled for the signup and be able to login
__utmz Keeps track of where the visitor came from , what search engine they used , what link was clicked on , what keyword they used , and where in the world they are when they accessed the website .
_utmv Stores information used within Analytics to identify user as part of a custom segmentation .
_utmc Holds timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves the site
_utmb Holds timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor first visits the site
_utma This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site , when their first visit was , and when their last visit occurred .
TD_UNIQUE_IMP The Unique Impression Cookie contains programs of viewed ads together with the time of the ad-view .
This information is used to be able to identify unique ad-views .
TD_POOL Ad-pools have the feature of ad-rotation .
To support this , pool based ad-views are stored in a cookie
TD_PIC The Post Impression Cookie holds information about ad-views for those organizations that have post impression tracking activated
TD_ANTEC The Frequency Capping Cookie is used support the frequency capping functionality .
This is a feature that makes it possible to limit the number of times a user is exposed to a certain set of ads within a time interval .
The set of ads can be specified on three different levels ; budget , program , ad-group
BT Behavioural targeting is a feature that makes it possible to target ads to users with a specific browsing behaviour or interest .
To support this , users are profiled when visiting Tradedoubler publisher sites .
A user profile consists of about 20 weighted categories and is stored in a cookie
TD_EH < counter > The Event History Cookie contains information about the tree latest tracks ( clicks ) and the ten latest closures per program .
This information is used to be able to connect clicks with closures .
TradedoublerGUID The GUID Cookie holds an identifier to support server side storage of the user event history
OPT_OUT Allows a user to disable cookie based tracking or targeting for the browser that the user is using
RET Retargeting is a feature that makes it possible to target ads to users that have visited configured targeting points on the advertiser 's site .
To support this feature the targeting points visited by a user are stored in this cookie
Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting privacy principles
Tradedoubler processes digital information about Users ( web surfers ) who visit websites belonging to Clients with whom Tradedoubler has contracted to serve advertisements ( the `` Advertising Network '' ) .
This part of the Privacy Policy lets you know what information we collect and process about you as a User on behalf of our Clients , why we collect it and how it is used in relation to our Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services to our Clients .
The Policy contains instructions on how you can display and delete information collected by Tradedoubler yourself and how you can opt-out from further Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting activities of Tradedoubler .
Further , the Policy contains instructions to our publishers on how to notify Users about Tradedoubler 's services on their websites .
What is Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting
There exists a range of different kinds of online Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services ; from fairly simple forms to the far-reaching monitoring of web surfer activities carried out by search-engine owners or services carried out in partnerships between technology companies and Internet Service Providers .
As a common denomination , you could say that Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting is intended to make online display advertising more relevant to web surfers ' likely interests .
Tradedoubler 's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting services are cookie based .
`` Cookies '' are small simple text files ( not programs or spyware ) stored on the hard drive of a web surfer 's computer .
Based on the anonymous information stored in the User 's cookie , Tradedoubler is able provide more relevant advertising to the User on behalf of our Clients .
For example , a User that visits sports sites often will be categorized in the `` sports fan '' segment , and will primarily be served advertisements that are relevant to the interests of a sports fan , and a User that shows interest in a certain car model or a certain computer model , may be served advertisements or specific offers for such car model or computer model .
The fundamental integrity principle underlying all Tradedoubler 's processing of digital data relating to Users , is that such data shall be anonymous .
Therefore , we do not store IP addresses on the cookie of a User , only a unique randomly generated ID that does not allow Tradedoubler to trace the User ; we do not have , and will not initiate , any co-operation with Internet Service Providers in order to trace the identities of Users .
The data stored on the cookie is limited to information collected at the User 's visits to websites belonging to Tradedoubler 's Advertising Network .
With the exception of a marginal proportion of cookie data saved for statistical purposes solely , a User 's cookie can only be viewed by Tradedoubler when the User visits a website that belongs to our Advertising Network .
Information stored on cookies
The cookie information stored on the User 's hard drive for Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting purposes is : ( i ) User segment hits or information on a specific product , service , brand or model in which the User has shown interest during its visit to a certain website ( for example a User that visits a sport site of one of Tradedoubler 's Clients , will record a hit in the 'sports ' segment and a User that has shown interest in a certain car model will record a hit of that car model ) and ( ii ) time and date stamp of the latest update of the User profile .
The User segments used by Tradedoubler for cookie hits are : ( 1 ) Animals ; ( 2 ) Humanities ; ( 3 ) Automotive ( 4 ) Business ; ( 5 ) Computers & electronics ; ( 6 ) Entertainment ; ( 7 ) Finance ; ( 8 ) Food & drink ; ( 9 ) Gaming ; ( 10 ) Health & beauty ; ( 11 ) Home & garden ; ( 12 ) Insurance ; ( 13 ) Lifestyle & society ; ( 14 ) News & current events ; ( 15 ) Reference ; ( 16 ) Shopping & retail ; ( 17 ) Social ; ( 18 ) Sports & recreation ; and ( 19 ) Telecom & utilities
If the cookie is deleted by the User , all profile data is removed
For the sake of clarity , no segments relating to information which Tradedoubler considers sensitive have been or will be created , such as segments relating to political opinions , religious beliefs , physical or mental health conditions or sexual life .
Further , Tradedoubler is very sensitive to the issue of children 's privacy and marketing directed to children .
No segments are intended to be established for the profiling of children .
Use of collected digital data
Tradedoubler will use the User data in order to better target advertisements on behalf of our Clients , to provide aggregated non-personal reporting to our Clients , and to improve our advertising systems and products .
The data may be combined with other anonymous information collected from other sources so that we may better serve Users with offers that may be of interest to them .
We may also share anonymous data between companies within the Tradedoubler group of companies .
Tradedoubler is dedicated to maintain the security of all its data and to prevent unauthorized access through the implementation of appropriate technical and organizational measures , as far as is reasonably possible .
Such security measures also include access restrictions , i.e . that data may be accessed only by a limited number of persons within Tradedoubler .
Our employees are made aware of and must comply with Tradedoubler 's security measures .
When we occasionally use third-party contractors to perform tasks that might otherwise be performed by our employees , these contractors are contractually bound to adhere to this Privacy Policy and they are subject to similar restrictions as our employees .
You may at any time easily block further cookie-based Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting activities from Tradedoubler by opting-out .
To do so please follow the instructions above the heading 'Targeting information ' .
In addition , note that you are always able to prevent cookies from any website from being installed on your computer by readjusting your browser settings .
For more information about cookies and how to disable them , you should consult the help section of your browser .
If you are a publisher , please note that you are obligated to notify visitors of your website about third parties who are serving advertisements on your website by way of use of cookies .
As party to the publisher agreement with Tradedoubler , you agree to provide clear and unambiguous notice about this .
In relation to Tradedoubler 's Interest Based Advertising and Retargeting ( if you have chosen to be provided with such services ) , such information shall at least include the following text :
`` We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In order to do this , our advertising partners may place a cookie ( a small text file ) on your computer .
If you would like more information about this type of targeted advertising , about use of cookies in such practice , and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies , click here .
For general information about use of cookies on this website , and how to block cookies , please [ REFERENCE TO INFORMATION ] . ''
For avoidance of doubt , please note that the foregoing requirement of notification does not limit any of your obligations according to applicable law .
You are yourself as a publisher responsible for providing relevant and accurate information required by law , including applicable privacy laws .
Contact details for inquiries and requests :
Please provide relevant details in your e-mail in order for Tradedoubler to be able to process your request or inquiry .

Trade Me has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
This document discloses our information gathering and usage practices .
For additional information about Trade Me , please review our Terms and Conditions .
Use of your information
Trade Me does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties .
Trade Me collects personal information about you through your use of the Services and the Website , including your registration details and information relating to your use of the Website and the content you access ( like listings you have viewed and the search queries you input ) .
Trade Me may use this personal information to help us provide the Services to you , to verify your identity , to enforce or apply our terms and conditions , to protect the rights , property , or safety of Trade Me Limited , our users , or others , for internal research purposes , for promoting and marketing other Trade Me products and Services to you , and for any other use that you authorise .
Your membership 's trading history may be published in your feedback .
We release account and other personal information only when we believe release is appropriate for legal compliance and law enforcement ( including to government agencies with statutory law enforcement responsibilities ) ; to facilitate court proceedings ; enforce or apply our terms and conditions ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Trade Me Limited , our users , or others .
Government agencies with statutory roles enabling them to request data from us includes but is not restricted to Police , IRD and the Ministry of Business , Innovation and Employment .
Members can contact Trade Me to ask whether such information has been provided .
Where Trade Me contracts third parties to undertake various services , we may provide those third parties with personal information required to fulfil those services .
These contracted services may include sending you letters for address verification , or conducting research for Trade Me to ensure the Services we provide you are relevant and personalised to your interests .
Trade Me may also use third party customer relationship management services to manage customer agreements , enquiries , and generate reports for internal use .
We will require any third party to undertake strict precautions to protect any personal information against unauthorised use or disclosure .
If you wish to take Dispute Tribunal proceedings against another member , you can contact Trade Me or the Disputes Tribunal for a statutory declaration , requesting contact details for the sole purpose of making a claim .
It is the policy of Trade Me to send our members email throughout the auction process and other email they elect to receive , in addition to customary business communications ( payment confirmations , etc . ) .
Further , it is our policy to immediately remove any member from any mailing list upon the member 's request .
In addition , Trade Me will send newsletters and other communications to members .
Newsletters will contain clear and obvious instructions for how the member can remove himself or herself from that mailing list .
We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our members , and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments .
Trade Me provides facilities throughout the site to refer a friend to Trade Me or to send references to a specific listing to a friend .
You may not use the `` Email this listing to a friend '' service or other email forwarding services that we offer to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our privacy policy or Terms and Conditions .
We do not permanently store , sell , or rent these email messages or the email addresses .
Our site 's registration form requires you to provide us contact information and may also require demographic information .
We may use your contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and promotional material from some of our affiliated partners .
Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary .
Updating your personal information
Trade Me provides you with ways in which you can update your personal information , including changing your email address , password , phone number , etc .
Trade Me will store previous email addresses against your profile to ensure compliance with our Terms and Conditions - specifically the use of one account per member .
Trade Me enables you to save one or more of your delivery addresses which we will store against your profile .
When you buy an item you have the option of selecting a delivery address which we will then send to the seller .
We will never give the seller your address without your permission .
Trade Me enables you to save and send a standard payment instructions email to the successful buyer when your auction ends .
When you set up each auction you can choose to have the saved message sent automatically or edit your message at that time .
Control of your password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your user name , email address and password , including fees .
Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your Trade Me password to any third parties .
If you choose to share your user name , email address and password or your information with third parties to provide you additional services , you are responsible for all actions taken with this information and therefore you should review that third party 's privacy policy .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer .
Ensure you logout when you have finished visiting Trade Me , especially if you access Trade Me from a shared computer .
Credit and debit card security
We work diligently to protect the security of your personal information , including credit and debit card information .
We protect your credit and debit card information during transmission by using the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) protocol , which encrypts your information when transmitted over the Internet .
Trade Me retains only partial card details .
However they may be held by either Direct Payment Solutions ( DPS ) - review their Privacy Policy - or Paystation - review their Privacy Policy - depending on which provider processes the transaction .
When topping up your Trade Me account by credit/debit card , you may have the option to `` save this card for next time '' .
If you choose this option , your credit/debit card details are encrypted and securely stored by DPS or Paystation .
Trade Me provides an application programming interface ( API ) to enable software to interface with the Website .
The API enables developers to build new applications for our members to use .
We use it ourselves to power our mobile applications .
As a result , information you publish on Trade Me may be accessed through the API and may appear in other places such as applications or websites .
We may charge third parties in various ways for access to our API .
Some applications enable you to interact with Trade Me through the API in a way that requires you to login .
To do this , most of these applications will direct you through a secure process on Trade Me called 'OAuth ' , where you are able to let the application connect to your account .
A smaller set of applications will require you to enter your username and password directly into the application , and only applications specifically authorised by Trade Me are capable of doing this .
In no case will anyone be able to retrieve your password from the API .
If you allow an application to connect to your Trade Me account , that application will be able to access information that you can see when you are logged in to Trade Me .
This includes the information found within My Trade Me , such as your watch list , sold items or personal contact information .
You should only allow applications you trust to access your Trade Me account .
If someone is using an application to access Trade Me and trades with you , that application may be able to access information that you provide to the other person during the trading process , such as your email and delivery address .
Anyone using our API must comply with Trade Me 's API terms and conditions and this Privacy Policy .
Trade Me facilitates sending job applications to organisations advertising on Trade Me Jobs .
We forward applications , including disclosure of your personal information , on your behalf directly to the organisation whose job you apply for .
We only disclose information that you provide to us in your application .
Applications you send are stored on our servers for a limited time .
We do not read applications .
The CVs and documents section of My Trade Me allows you to store and re-use CVs , cover letters , or other documents .
We securely store documents that you save in the CVs and documents sections , and they are available to you , organisations you send them to , and our Website operators .
We may use software to scan your CVs stored in My Trade Me for the purpose of personalising and improving the relevance of job advertisements presented to you .
You can delete your CVs and documents at any time through My Trade Me .
If your CV is deleted , previously scanned information may be stored in our database for a period of time after the CV has been deleted .
Documents you upload to the CVs and documents section of My Trade Me will expire and be deleted after 5 years .
Documents that are deleted may persist for a limited time in our backup systems .
Cookies and local storage
Trade Me uses various technologies , including cookies and local storage , to collect and store information about you when you visit Trade Me .
Cookies and local storage allow us to store information ( including your personal information ) in a file on the device you use to access Trade Me .
We use cookies and local storage to deliver information and fresh content specific to your interests and to improve the experience of using Trade Me .
Cookies and local storage are widely used .
Trade Me uses `` session '' cookies to temporarily store information to help you use Trade Me .
This information is used to deliver the right content to you as you use Trade Me and avoids unnecessarily asking you to log in .
Session cookies expire immediately when you close your browser or are deleted after 30 minutes of no activity on Trade Me .
Trade Me also uses `` persistent '' cookies and local storage to personalise the user experience , to help protect our members and to provide us with research information ( such as how often members visit Trade Me each month ) .
Persistent cookies allow us to track users on Trade Me and helps us identify users abusing the Trade Me service .
A persistent auto-login cookie is also stored when you select the `` remember me '' option when logging in .
The auto-login cookie is removed if you log out .
Trade Me also participates in Google 's AdWords pay-per-click advertising programme .
AdWords advertisements appear on Google 's search result pages and on the Google Display Network .
Trade Me ads may also appear on other websites in the Google Display Network .
Google uses cookies to target ads to you , including to measure the number of Google users that click on certain advertisements and visit certain Trade Me pages , or who complete certain actions on Trade Me ( like adding an item to a Watchlist ) .
Google provides this data to Trade Me without identifying users .
View Google 's privacy policy .
Advertising and third party links
Some Trade Me advertisers may request information directly from users , or link to sites that do so .
Trade Me has no control over its advertisers ' privacy policies , and encourages users to review such policies prior to submitting any personal information to them .
Trade Me contains non-advertising links to a variety of third party sites to enhance the member experience .
Trade Me has no control of either the content or privacy policies of such sites , nor should such links be considered an endorsement of these sites except where otherwise noted .
In some cases , third party advertisers may also use cookies in certain advertisements that appear on the website for advertising purposes , or collect information in the course of advertising being served .
For example , Trade Me participates in Google AdSense advertising , and as part of this , Google may use cookies in order to reduce the number of times you see the same ad .
Trade Me also uses the services of SAS to deliver display advertisements intended to be relevant to your interests , based on the information you have provided to us through the use of any of our Services .
Trade Me uses Google remarketing to serve relevant ads to you after you leave our website .
When you visit pages on our website , Google may place a cookie on your browser .
Then when you later visit another website in the Google Display Network , you may see relevant ads from Trade Me .
You can opt out of Google 's use of these cookies by visiting Google 's Ads Preferences Manager .
View Google 's advertising privacy policies .
Trade Me also makes advertising space available through the DoubleClick AdExchange to other advertisers .
If those advertisers use remarketing , you may see ads related to other websites you have previously visited .
Photos often contain EXIF data .
EXIF data may include location information , such as when and where each photo was taken , and details of the device used to take it .
If you upload photos that include EXIF data to Trade Me , we will store this information and use it to better understand the use of photos on our site and to help us provide a safe marketplace .
Your device may allow you to opt out of providing location information .
Other information we collect
We use additional information to do internal research on our users ' demographics , interests , and behaviour to better understand and serve you and our community .
This information may include the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , which URL you next go to ( whether this URL is on our site or not ) , what browser you are using , and your IP address .
We may also use information from third parties , such as geo-demographic information .
Trade Me uses information we hold about you to provide you with a more personalised experience , such as suggesting things you might like , and suggesting search terms to you based on your recent searches .
You can disable previous search terms from appearing by clicking on the `` settings '' icon in the search box .
Users who login have their IP addresses recorded .
This information will only be provided to legal authorities in cases of suspected fraud or for law enforcement purposes .
This information is stored securely and will not be provided to other members or non-authorised parties .
If you choose to post messages in our message areas or leave feedback for other users , we will collect that information you provide to us .
If you send us personal correspondence , such as emails or letters , or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site , we may collect such information into a file specific to you .
Customer service phone conversations may be recorded for internal training and quality assurance purposes .
This helps us ensure the information we provide members is consistent and accurate .
Phone records will be stored securely and will generally be retained for up to six months .
If you wish to have your registration removed from our directory for any reason , you may send us an email requesting this .
Internet statistics and analytics
Trade Me , like most large New Zealand websites , uses the Nielsen Online counting system to collect information such as the number of visitors per day or the number of pages requested per day .
To do this , Trade Me has a small piece of code on each page which counts these statistics .
This enables us to see where we are in the `` top 10 '' list of New Zealand websites .
For more information , view the Nielsen Online privacy policy .
Trade Me uses Google Analytics to better understand the behaviour of visitors to our website , and to improve our website .
For example , it helps us to identify how many users visit a particular page , and how many take a further step , such as bidding .
We have opted out of Google Analytics ' data sharing settings .
For more information , view Google Analytics ' information on safeguarding your data .
If you are using one of our mobile applications , and you accept that Trade Me can send you `` Push Notifications '' , you agree to receive notifications from Trade Me even if your Trade Me mobile application is not running .
`` Push Notification '' preferences can be configured in the application 's settings .
Trade Me uses Flurry to support our mobile applications .
Flurry collects data for performance analysis , usage behaviour , technical information about the device , firmware and carrier .
This information is confidential and available only to Trade Me in an aggregate form and individual user data is not identifiable .
The data collected helps Trade Me to continue to develop applications that meet users ' needs .
For more information , view the Flurry privacy policy .
Updates to our information practices
From time to time , we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our website .
We always update this statement accordingly , so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Trade Me .
If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter , please contact us .

As a user of the web sites , mobile applications and services of Travelocity ( collectively , the `` Travelocity Service '' ) , you are in control of your travel-planning .
We know you want to remain in control of your personal information as well .
As one of the pioneers in online travel , we realize that earning and retaining your trust is of paramount importance and it 's a responsibility we take very seriously .
That 's why we 've provided this Privacy Policy , which sets forth Travelocity 's policies regarding the collection , use and protection of the personal information of those using the Travelocity Service .
Personal information means information that can identify you , such as your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , and billing information ( such as your credit card number and expiration date ) .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy , and become familiar with it , but you should know that we do not sell or rent our customers ' personal information to third parties .
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time , and we make changes to the policy in connection with that review .
Therefore , you may wish to periodically review this page to make sure that you have the current version .
Click here to read about how we may supplement or change this Privacy Policy .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us via this link .
This Privacy Policy explains the following :
What personal information we collect and how we use it
How cookies and similar technologies are used on the Travelocity Service
How Travelocity uses location information
With whom your personal information is shared
How you can opt-out of receiving our promotional e-mails
How you can update or correct your personal information
What safeguards we have in place to protect your personal information
Visiting our website from outside the United States
Other information you should know about your privacy
What personal information does Travelocity collect and how is it used
You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless and until you choose to make a purchase or sign up for one of our e-mail newsletters or other services as described below .
We do not knowingly permit the Travelocity Service to be used by any person under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children ( meaning those younger than thirteen years of age ) .
A valid credit or debit card is required to make a purchase using the Travelocity Service .
In order to book travel using the Travelocity Service , you must provide us with certain personal information such as your name , your credit or debit card number and expiration date , your credit or debit card billing address , your telephone number , your e-mail address and the name or names of any person ( s ) traveling with you .
When booking an air ticket or travel package that includes air travel , you must also provide us with your date of birth and gender .
You may also provide us with other information , such as your frequent traveler numbers , requests for special services or meal requests .
We require this information so that we can process , fulfill and confirm your reservations and transactions and keep you informed of their status .
If you are making a reservation for one or more other travelers , you will need to make sure that each of these other travelers agrees , in advance , that you may disclose their personal information to us .
For your convenience , we make certain information about your reservation available to you or other persons authorized by you to receive such information .
For example , if you forget your flight number , you or another person authorized by you may retrieve that information from us after confirming your or their identity .
Express Consent To Receive Pre-Recorded And Text Messages
When you book travel using the Travelocity Service , you must provide us with a contact telephone number and email address .
We may use that telephone number or email address in the event that we need to inform you of changes or other matters that may affect your booking or trip , such as changes due to flight delays , inclement weather , and cancellations .
We may use an automatic telephone dialing system , or artificial or prerecorded voice messages to provide you with such updates .
When you provide us with a mobile telephone number as the contact number for a trip , you agree that you are providing us with your express consent to receive prerecorded voice messages from Travelocity or our third party suppliers and content providers ( `` Third Party Suppliers '' ) related to your booking .
If you do not wish to receive these trip updates on your mobile phone , please provide us with another telephone number .
If you choose to register as a member of Travelocity , you must provide your name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , a unique login name ( if different from your e-mail address ) , password , and password validation , and a password hint to help you remember your password .
We may collect this information for several reasons including : ( i ) personal identification ; ( ii ) to complete air , hotel , car , and other reservations ; ( iii ) to allow us to contact you for customer service purposes , if necessary ; ( iv ) to customize the content of the Travelocity Service to meet your specific needs ; and ( v ) to make product improvements to the Travelocity Service .
In addition , we need your e-mail address to confirm your new member registration and each reservation you make using the Travelocity Service .
As a Travelocity member , you can choose to complete your online profile by providing us with travel preferences , frequent-traveler or affinity numbers , payment card billing information , paper ticket delivery address , special requests , meal requests , profiles of your travel companions ( such as your family members who travel with you ) , and other information , which may include personal information .
This information is primarily used to assist you in making reservations quickly without having to type in the same information again .
For example , you can store your airline frequent-flyer numbers and those of your travel companions so that when your make a reservation on that airline using the Travelocity Service , we can automatically complete the frequent-flyer number input boxes for you .
Under the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) Secure Flight program , most air passengers are now required to provide their full name , date of birth , and gender ( plus redress number , when applicable ) .
Secure Flight is a federally mandated program administered by the TSA .
The privacy notice of the TSA is as follows :
The Transportation Security Administration of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires aircraft operators to collect information from you for purposes of watch list screening , under the authority of 49 U.S.C . section 114 , and the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 .
Providing this information is voluntary ; however , if it is not provided , you may be subject to additional screening or denied transport or authorization to enter a sterile area .
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice .
Newsletters and FareWatcher PlusSM
Travelocity 's `` Roaming Gnome Recommends '' and other newsletters and our FareWatcher Plus service are optional communications you may choose to subscribe to that keep you up to date with the latest special travel deals and low airfares .
FareWatcher Plus tracks the prices of airline tickets to your favorite places .
When the price for one of your favorite trips declines by a specified amount , Travelocity will notify you of the change via e-mail .
Your e-mail address and preferred round trip city pairs are necessary to receive FareWatcher Plus e-mails .
Travelocity values opinions and comments from members , so we may from time to time conduct online surveys .
Participation in these surveys is optional .
Typically , we aggregate the information we collect and use it to make improvements to the Travelocity Service and to develop appealing content , features and promotions for customers .
Survey participants are anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey .
Travelocity may sponsor promotions and sweepstakes to give customers the opportunity to win great travel and travel-related prizes .
The information we may collect for such activities can include historical bookings made , historical shopping behavior , contact information and survey questions .
We may use the contact information we receive to notify contest winners and we use survey information to develop promotions and product improvements to the Travelocity Service .
Third Parties Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
Travelocity may share your personal information with third parties when you engage in certain activities on our site that are sponsored by third parties , such as electing to receive information or communications from a third party ( such as a hotel company or a tourism board for a particular destination ) , or electing to participate in contests , sweepstakes , games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party .
Travelocity may also share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials from Travelocity and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as sending you additional promotional materials , providing you a product or service , or entering you in a contest , sweepstakes or game .
We refer to all of these activities and requests as `` Sponsored Activities . ''
When you participate in Sponsored Activities , you will either be required or requested to agree that Travelocity may send your personal information ( such as , in some cases , your mailing address or e-mail address ) to the sponsor , and the sponsor may use your personal information in accordance with the sponsor 's privacy practices .
In each case described in this section , Travelocity will only share your personal information after receiving your consent .
You should know that when Travelocity shares your personal information with a third party under any circumstance described in this section , your personal information will become permanently subject to the privacy policy of the third party , and the third party will not be restricted by Travelocity 's Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information .
Automatic Logging of Session Data
We automatically log generic information about your computer and your computer 's connection to the Internet , which we call `` session data '' .
Session data consists of things such as device information , IP address , operating system and browser software information , and the activities conducted by the user while using the Travelocity Service .
An IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet , such as our web servers , know where to send data back to the user , such as the pages of the site the user wishes to view .
We collect session data because it helps us analyze such things as what items visitors are likely to click on most , the way visitors are clicking through the site , how many visitors are surfing to various pages on the site , how long visitors to the site are staying and how often they are visiting .
It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers and lets us better administer our systems .
It is possible to determine from an IP address a visitor 's Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) and the approximate geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
We may also use some session data , such as the pages you visited on our site , to send you e-mail messages ( such as `` Good Day to Buy '' ) focused on destinations that you may be interested in , unless you had previously opted out of receiving such messages .
We also use session data to help prevent fraud or unauthorized use of our site .
You can contribute to the Travelocity Service in a number of different ways , including by providing journals , recommendations , reviews , opinions , news articles , directories , guides , text , photographs , illustrations , graphics , logos , audio clips , images , information , data , photographs , software , messages , ideas , comments , questions , or other materials for public display on the Travelocity Service ( your `` Submitted Content '' ) .
Note that if you include personally identifiable information in your Submitted Content , it can be used and viewed by others .
We are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your Submitted Content .
We may allow you to access third party services , such as Facebook and Twitter , that enable you to share your selected Submitted Content with those services , to import information about who you are connected with on those other services so you can connect with them using the Travelocity Service and to perform certain other tasks .
Where we provide such functionality , such as on IgoUgo.com , you can always opt out on your IgoUgo account page .
Some of those third party services may also provide us with information from your accounts there to enhance and personalize your use of the Travelocity Service .
For example , you can allow Facebook to tell us who your Facebook friends are so you can follow their activity on the Travelocity Service ( including on IgoUgo.com ) .
You can , at any time , adjust your IgoUgo settings to remove this feature , by changing your Facebook preferences on the site .
You can also further modify your privacy settings with those other services directly .
For example , you can adjust your privacy settings on Facebook to prevent your Facebook friends from sharing information with us about you from their Facebook accounts .
In addition , if you link your Travelocity account to your social media account , or use certain other Travelocity social media features , we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with the provider 's policies .
The information may include your name , email address , profile picture , gender , list of friends , and other information that you authorize us to receive .
Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends , we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations ( `` Location Data '' ) to provide you with relevant content .
Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider .
How are cookies and similar technologies used on the Travelocity Service
`` Cookies '' are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently .
Travelocity uses cookies to personalize your experience using the Travelocity Service .
For example , we use cookies to allow you to log in without having to type your log-in name each time you visit the Travelocity Service ( only your password is needed ) ; let us know if you are a FareWatcher Plus participant or a Travelocity VIP ; help us remember your preferred language and departure city ; and so forth .
We may also use such cookies to display customized content and advertising to you while you are using the Travelocity Service or to send you a `` Good Day to Buy '' email ( or similar emails -- assuming you have not opted-out ) focusing on destinations that we think you might be interested in .
Cookies also help us measure and research the effectiveness of our offerings , advertisements , and email communications ( by , for example , determining which emails you open and act upon ) .
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies .
By changing the options on your web browser or using certain software programs , you can control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your browser .
However , blocking Travelocity cookies may disable certain features on our site and may make it impossible to purchase or use certain services available on the site .
Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain web sites while permitting cookies from sites you trust , like Travelocity .
In addition to the above cookies , we use Local Shared Objects , also referred to as `` flash cookies , '' on our web site .
These are used to enhance your user experience , for example , by storing your user preferences and settings , such as your volume/mute settings , and in connection with animated content on our website .
Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies , but can store data more complex than simple text .
By themselves , they can not do anything to or with the data on your computer .
We may also use Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or Web bugs ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page .
We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another , to deliver or communicate with cookies , to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website , and to improve site performance .
We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site .
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings .
Advertising Data Collected By Us to Display Relevant Advertising to You
Travelocity is committed to providing you with relevant content and information .
To do this , we may , through cookies and other technologies , collect information about your travel-related searches , such as whether you are looking for flights or hotel rooms .
We use this information , together with other information we have collected , to display ads to you on our website or elsewhere online , that match your apparent interests .
So , for example , if you search for a hotel room in Hawaii using the Travelocity Service , you may see an advertisement for a Hawaii travel package on our sites or on another website you visit .
You can choose not to receive customized online advertising on other websites , that is based on your travel-related searches on this website , through the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance .
Advertising Data Collected By Business Partners and Ad Networks to Display Relevant Advertising to You
The advertisements you see on the Travelocity Service are served by us or by our service providers .
But we also allow third parties may collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies .
We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you via the advertisements they serve on the Travelocity Service .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites and ( 2 ) advertising networks ( and their partners ) , which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about you , your interests or preferences and to display advertisements the Travelocity Service and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies and other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , through which you may opt out of ad targeting from their member companies .
To learn more , please visit Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance .
Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising .
Like other companies operating online , Travelocity participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest ( such as travel ) .
These topics of interest are then shared with third parties , including advertisers and ad networks , so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests .
We do not share personal information ( such as your email address ) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site .
Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges , including how to opt out of having your information used by these exchanges .
How does Travelocity use location-specific information
If you use our location-enabled products and services , such as our mobile applications , you may be sending us Location Data .
This information may reveal your actual location , such as GPS data , or it may not , such as when you submit an address to look at hotel choices in that location .
We use your location information to process and personalize your requests , such as by pre-filling the city name when you are searching for travel options ( such as a nearby hotel or other travel related service ) .
We also use location information for support , to develop new features , a better user experience and to improve the overall quality of the Travelocity Service .
From time to time we may add or enhance services available using the Travelocity Service .
To the extent these services are provided and used by you , we will use the information you provide to facilitate the service requested .
For example , if you email us with a question , we will use information such as your email address , name and the nature of the question , to respond to your question .
We may also store such information to assist us in making the Travelocity Service better and easier to use .
With whom will my personal information be shared
When you book travel using the Travelocity Service , we provide to the airline , hotel , car-rental company , cruise line or other involved Third Party Supplier that portion of your personal information that is needed for the successful fulfillment and servicing of your travel arrangements .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such Third Party Suppliers as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy .
We use third parties to provide a portion of the services and technology that make up the Travelocity Service .
Travelocity provides these third parties with access to personal information specifically for use in connection with providing such services and/or technology .
Occasionally , we use third parties to act on our behalf for projects such as market-research surveys and contest-entry processing , or will contract with third parties to provide co-branded products , such as a Travelocity credit card .
We may provide personal information to such third parties in connection with providing such services and products to us or on our behalf .
The information we provide to third parties who provide us with services , act on our behalf , or provide co-branded products is protected by confidentiality agreements and is to be used solely for the purpose ( s ) permitted by such agreements .
We may also share personal information among our corporate affiliates at Sabre .
We use non-personal information in aggregate form to build higher quality , more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our customers and visitors , and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our site .
We may provide anonymous statistical information based on this data to suppliers , advertisers , affiliates and other current and potential business partners .
We may also use such aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites .
We may also provide non-personal information in aggregate form to third parties who provide a portion of the services and/or technology that make up the Travelocity Service so they can optimize , maintain , support and improve the Travelocity Service .
We may also disclose personal information if required to do so by law , court order , as requested by other government or law enforcement authority , or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including , without limitation , to protect the rights or properties of Travelocity or its affiliated companies or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties , whether intentionally or otherwise , or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities .
Finally , we may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
How can I opt-out of receiving your promotional emails
As a Travelocity member and/or customer you will also occasionally receive updates from us about fare sales in your area , special offers , new Travelocity services , `` Roaming Gnome Recommends '' newsletter , and other noteworthy items .
We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative .
Of course , if you would rather not receive a particular communication , please click on the `` opt-out '' link in our e-mail , or follow the instructions in each e-mail message .
You can unsubscribe from our FareWatcher Plus service by editing your preferences in the FareWatcher Plus box of your `` My Account '' page .
You may also unsubscribe from all Travelocity promotional communications , `` Roaming Gnome Recommends '' , and FareWatcher Plus by clicking on the `` unsubscribe '' link in our e-mail .
From time to time , we may use your personal information to send important notices , such as notifications about your trip or your account .
Because this information is important to your interaction with Travelocity , you may not opt-out of receiving these communications .
If using a mobile device , you may be able to configure the settings on the device not to provide location-specific information .
However , if your device is configured to provide location-specific information , it is not possible at this time for you to opt-out of our gathering of such information via your mobile device .
How can I update or correct my personal information
At any time , you can view and/or update your service preferences for our `` Roaming Gnome Recommends '' , promotional e-mails , or FareWatcher Plus services .
You can also update your personal profile , which includes member registration and travel preferences information , through `` My Account '' - accessible via `` My Account '' on the Travelocity home page .
You may request that account information be deleted or deactivated for marketing purposes by e-mailing us via this link . and referencing the Privacy Policy-Deactivate Account in the subject line .
Because of the way we maintain certain files , after you update your information or request that your account be deactivated for marketing purposes , residual copies of your information may remain in our active servers for a period of time and may remain in our backup systems .
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical .
Information may also be retained as required by law or for legitimate business purposes .
What safeguards are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of your information
While no website can promise complete security , we have implemented administrative , technical , and physical security procedures designed to protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may only do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
Visiting our website from outside the United States
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States , where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy .
What other information should I know about my privacy
When using the Travelocity Service , you will see links to third party web sites , applications and services .
Please note that when you click on one of these links , you will be using another company 's web site , application or service .
Except as set forth herein , we do not share your personal information with those third parties , and are not responsible for their privacy practices .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy .
Of course , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and your Travelocity membership account information .
Please be very careful , responsible , and alert with this information , especially whenever you 're online .
This Privacy Policy was last revised on November 1 , 2013 .
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time .
Any material changes in the way we use personal information will be described in future versions of this Privacy Policy .
If any proposed change is unacceptable to you , you may request that we remove your personal information from our records by e-mailing us via this link .
Also , please review the information above under the heading `` How can I update or correct my personal information ? '' Of course , you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices via email by clicking on the same link .
Please reference the privacy policy in your subject line .
You can also write to us at : Travelocity , 3150 Sabre Drive , Southlake , Texas 76092 Attn : Privacy Team .
Thank you for using the Travelocity Service !

Travelzoo Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy .
Please read our privacy policy below to learn more .
What This Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) Covers
This Policy explains the privacy practices of Travelzoo Inc. and its family of related companies including licensees ( collectively , `` Travelzoo '' ) and applies to your use of Travelzoo 's products and services , including the websites that link to this policy ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
For more information on our Services , click here .
This Policy covers how Travelzoo treats the personal information we collect and receive related to your use of our Services
When we refer to `` personal information '' , what we mean is any information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , e-mail address , credit card information , or phone number , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available .
This Policy does not apply to the practices of people or companies that Travelzoo does not own , control , employ or manage , except where incorporated by reference within licensing arrangements with third parties .
Minors - You must be at least 18 years old to register or subscribe for Travelzoo 's Services because Travelzoo is available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law .
Travelzoo may collect personal information about you when you visit and use our websites , when you register or subscribe for and sign in to our Services , when you open our e-mail newsletters or use Travelzoo software widgets , when you visit the websites of some Travelzoo partners , when you participate in a subscriber review , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes sponsored by or in connection with Travelzoo .
For more information on Promotions , click here .
Travelzoo may combine the information that we collect about you with information that we obtain from business partners or other sources .
When you subscribe to or use our Services , we may ask you to provide personal information such as your name , credit card information , mailing address ( including country of residence ) , e-mail address , telephone number , Instant Messaging address , birth year , gender , preferred airport , occupation , and other personal interests .
In addition , when you subscribe to or use our Services , we collect and store your IP address .
Note , you are not anonymous to us when you sign in to our Services .
For more information on IP Addresses , click here .
Travelzoo may collect information about your transactions with us and our business partners through our Services .
Travelzoo may collect third party information in connection with our gift giving service .
We will collect the relevant contact information of the gift recipient which may include name , address , and email address .
We will use this third party information only for this service and not to market directly to the recipient unless the recipient is currently registered with Travelzoo independently .
To provide this service , we obtain address information of the gift recipient from third party sources , such as the US Postal Service , to verify the address so we can properly ship your gift order and to prevent fraud .
Furthermore , when you use our Services , we receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Travelzoo cookie information , the type of software and hardware you are using and the web page ( s ) you visit .
Sharing and Disclosing Information
Travelzoo does not rent or sell personal information about you with third parties , however , we reserve the right to share the personal information we collect about you through our Services with third parties when we have your permission or under the circumstances described below .
Travelzoo may use the data we collect about you for the following purposes :
To provide you with the products or services you have requested from us or through our Services ;
To provide personal information , when required by law , in connection with security-related or law enforcement investigations , to comply with legal requirements , orders , or proceedings , to perform credit checks , report or collect debts owed , or to protect the rights or property of Travelzoo , our employees , our subscribers , and our Services ;
To investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Travelzoo 's Terms & Conditions , or as otherwise required by law ;
To customize the content and provide targeted advertising for our Services and to improve our Services ;
To contact you with offers by Travelzoo and/or third parties that we think may be of interest to you ;
To conduct research and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients ;
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our websites and to estimate the total number of Internet users who visit our websites from certain countries or regions of the world ;
If you are making a purchase on the Site , we often work with third parties and trusted business partners to securely collect your credit card , billing address and other verifying information .
The third parties that we have partnered with are required by contract to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information they receive and/or process on our behalf .
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure and thus we can not guarantee its absolute security .
We assume no liability for disclosure of personal information due to , among other things , errors in transmission or unauthorized third parties ;
We may provide data to trusted partners who work on our behalf to communicate with you about offers from Travelzoo and our marketing partners .
Note , these companies do not have any right to use or share the data for any other purposes ;
We may transfer , share , or disclose your personal information to third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process such as a merger , acquisition , and/or a sale of all , substantially all , or part of our assets , and/or a licensing agreement with third parties .
Travelzoo will provide you with notice before your personal information becomes subject to a different privacy policy unless the privacy policy remains tied to Travelzoo 's own practices ;
When you enter a promotion sponsored or offered in connection with Travelzoo , we may contact you and share your personal information with third parties so that we may administer the promotion , for prize fulfillment , and as otherwise specified in the official rules for the promotion ;
We may invite you to write a subscriber review on your personal experience and display the information that you provide us .
When submitting a review you should not provide any personally identifiable information that you do not wish to make publicly available ;
If you purchase certain services for others , such as hotel reservations or Local Deal gift vouchers , we will collect the personal information of the recipients of these services .
You must make sure that you have the right to provide such personal information .
By providing any personal information for another person , you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect , use and disclose such personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy ;
In order to provide our users a seamless experience , some pages on our websites may be hosted by unrelated third parties .
The governing privacy policy will be present on those hosted pages ; and
Our websites also include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Travelzoo .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit .
Cookies and Other Technologies
We use cookies and other technologies , such as web beacons , pixel tags , and clear gifs , to personalize our Services to your preferences and to provide an automatic log-in process .
For more information about our use of cookies , click here .
Travelzoo may use web beacons to access Travelzoo cookies in connection with our Services .
A web beacon is activated as part of a web page or e-mail and allows us to count visitors to our websites and to recognize users by accessing Travelzoo cookies which help us personalize your experience when you use our Services .
Travelzoo also uses web beacons to conduct research on behalf of our partners and for auditing purposes .
No personally identifiable information about you is shared with partners from this research .
For more information about our use of web beacons , click here .
We may partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites .
Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
Your Account Information and Preferences
Travelzoo respects your right to control how your personal information is used .
Travelzoo may give you the opportunity to request communications from vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers .
For more information about these opportunities , to edit your personal information , to unsubscribe from receiving Travelzoo services you previously requested , update your account or to terminate your account , please visit your User Profile .
Users can access their account by going to their profile page .
If you have any issue accessing your profile page to update or delete your account , or to request deletion of information you have provided to us , please use the feedback form below .
We will respond to your deletion requests within ten business days .
Users may also follow unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Travelzoo Services or your account , such as service announcements and administrative messages , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Information about how to opt out of receiving communications to which you are currently subscribed is included in the communications we send to you .
If you request termination of your Travelzoo account , it is our practice to deactivate your account and block further e-mail deliveries to you in approximately ten business days .
This delay is necessary to discourage users from engaging in fraudulent activity .
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you Services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Confidentiality and Security of Your Personal Information
Travelzoo takes reasonable security measures to protect your user information under our company 's control against loss , misuse , or alteration .
For more information on Security at Travelzoo , click here .
Travelzoo reserves the right to enhance information about you with appropriate and legal data that may be obtained to serve you better and present you more relevant information , for example by using Geo-IP maps .
In addition , Travelzoo reserves the right to take proactive steps to unsubscribe users for a variety of reasons at Travelzoo 's discretion , for example if an e-mail address stops accepting e-mail .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Travelzoo has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
This certification applies to all websites under the Travelzoo.com domain and may apply to other websites if so indicated by a TRUSTe seal on that website .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us using our feedback form .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe
Travelzoo complies with the U.S. E.U .
Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
Travelzoo has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Data Transfer and Storage
Please note that the information Travelzoo collects about you may be stored on servers outside your home country - currently on servers in the United States .
If you are visiting our websites from a country other than the United States or your home country , please note that the United States or other countries where we may be hosting servers may not have the same data protection laws as your country or jurisdiction .
By providing your personal information to Travelzoo , you are consenting to : ( i ) the use of your personal information for the uses described in this policy ; and ( ii ) the transfer of your personal information to a country outside your home country - currently the United States .
Our website includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , or interactive mini-programs that run on our site .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our website , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Travelzoo may update this Policy from time to time .
We will post any update ( s ) to this Policy on our websites .
All update ( s ) will be effective immediately on posting .
If we make any material changes in the way we treat personal information , we will notify you by including a notice in an e-mail sent to the primary e-mail address in your Travelzoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our Privacy Policy web pages and our home page .
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties should it ever occur , or about data we may hold about you , please complete a feedback form or write to us at :
New York , NY 10022

TripAdvisor is an online service that provides recommendations for hotels , resorts , inns , vacations , travel packages , travel guides and lots more .
Our Web site is part of the TripAdvisor Media Network , which is owned and operated by TripAdvisor LLC .
More details about TripAdvisor LLC can be found below under How you can contact us .
We understand that providing information online involves a great deal of trust on your part .
We take this trust very seriously , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Before submitting your personal information to our Web site , please read this Policy carefully to learn about our privacy practices .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
How you can access your information
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
How we protect your information
Visiting our Web site from outside the United States
Your California privacy rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way .
This includes information that can identify you ( `` personal information '' ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and e-mail addresses , user name and password .
We may also request information about your travel plans , style , and preferences , including meal requests , seat selection , frequent flyer/hotel/car rental program information , and flight class , luggage , and ticketing options .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general some information about you is required in order for you to enjoy the benefits of being a registered member .
For example , only registered members are able to post travel reviews , participate in discussion forums , e-mail TripAdvisor content to themselves and others , access members-only newsletters and travel planning content , and enter surveys , contests , or sweepstakes .
In addition , some information is also required in order for you to ask us a question or initiate other transactions on our site .
Information About Others .
You will have the opportunity to provide contact information for other people through our Web site .
You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing TripAdvisor with their personal information .
Information from Other Sources .
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to other information about you .
For example , if you visit TripAdvisor by clicking-through from a site operated by one of our business partners , and you have registered with that partner , then information about you that you have provided to that partner may be shared with us , such as contact information and demographic information .
As another example , if you access third party services , such as social media services , through our Web site or before coming to our Website , we may collect information such as your user name , password , and other information made available to us through those services in order to improve and personalize your use of our Web site .
We have partnered with Facebook to provide Instant Personalization on TripAdvisor for members of Facebook .
If you have Instant Personalization set to `` enabled '' in your Facebook privacy settings and you are logged into Facebook , then TripAdvisor will be personalized for you when you visit the Web site , even if you are a first-time user of TripAdvisor 's Web site .
For example , we will show you reviews that your Facebook friends have posted on TripAdvisor and places they have visited .
In order to provide you with this personalized experience , Facebook provides us with information that you have chosen to make available pursuant to your Facebook privacy settings .
That information may include your name , profile picture , gender , friend lists and any other information you have chosen to make available .
When you first visit TripAdvisor , you will see an option to turn off Instant Personalization in just one click .
If you decide to turn it off at a later date , you can do so by first logging into Facebook and clicking on the disable link on this page , or by scrolling over the Learn More link on the top of the page on TripAdvisor and clicking on How to turn off personalization .
You can also turn off Instant Personalization by editing your privacy settings on Facebook .
Please note that , if you have Facebook friends who are using TripAdvisor , they may also have shared information about you with us through Facebook .
If you wish to prevent that sharing , you can do so by editing your Facebook privacy settings .
Learn more about Instant Personalization on Facebook or read TripAdvisor 's Instant Personalization FAQ 's .
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit TripAdvisor .
For example , we will collect session data , including your IP address , Web browser software , and referring Web site .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as content viewed and pages visited .
One of our goals in collecting this automatic information is to help us understand the interests of our users and customize your user experience .
Cookies and Other Web Technologies .
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer 's hard drive ( if your Web browser permits ) .
TripAdvisor.com and its affiliated websites use cookies for the following general purposes :
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our site .
For example , if you register on our site , we may use cookies to remember your registration information , so you do not need to log into our site each time you visit .
We also may record your password in a cookie , if you checked the box entitled `` Save this password for automatic sign-in . ''
Please note that member IDs , passwords , and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes .
To help us customize the content , website experience , and advertisements provided to you on our websites and on other websites across the Internet .
For example , when you access a web page , a cookie is automatically set by us , our service providers , or our partners to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests .
See Display of Advertising/Your Choices for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices .
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings , advertisements , and e-mail communications ( by determining which e-mails you open and act upon ) .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers should tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable most types of cookies .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies , you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites .
Our sites also may use Web beacons ( also known as clear gifs , pixel tags or Web bugs ) , which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , that are placed in the code of a Web page .
We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another , to deliver or communicate with cookies , to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party Web site , and to improve site performance .
We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site .
This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings .
Display of Advertising/Your Choices .
Data collected to serve you with relevant advertising
TripAdvisor and its affiliated websites are committed to providing you with relevant content and information across our sites .
To do this , we may collect information about your travel-related searches , such as whether you are looking for airline flights or hotels , and use this information to serve you with ads on our sites or elsewhere online that match your apparent interests .
So , for example , if you search for a flight to Florida on TripAdvisor.com , you may see an ad for a Floridatravel package on TripAdvisor.com or on another website you visit .
We do not share your personal information ( such as email addresses ) with unaffiliated third parties so they can serve you with advertisements .
You can choose not to receive relevant online advertising on other Web sites , based on your travel-related searches on TripAdvisor.com by clicking here .
Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising
Many of the advertisements you see on the TripAdvisor.com family of sites are served by TripAdvisor.com or its service providers .
But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies .
These third parties include ( 1 ) business partners , who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites , and ( 2 ) advertising networks , who collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different Web sites on the Internet .
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics , interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests .
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests , and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies .
To learn more , please click here .
Information About Your Location .
When you use a TripAdvisor application ( the `` Application '' ) on a mobile phone or tablet device ( `` Device '' ) , we will collect and use information about you in broadly the same way and for substantially similar purposes as when you use a TripAdvisor website .
In addition , we may collect information about your location , if you have instructed your Device to send such information to the Application , via the privacy settings on that Device , or if you have uploaded photos tagged with location information .
We will use the location information collected from your Device or photos to enhance your use of the Application .
For example , we may use your location to show you reviews of hotels or restaurants near you .
You can change the privacy settings of your Device at any time , in order to turn off the functionality to share location information with the Application and/or the functionality to tag your photos with location information .
If you have any queries about the privacy settings of your Device , we suggest you contact the manufacturer of your Device or your mobile service provider for help .
Call Recording and Monitoring .
Please be aware that calls to and from TripAdvisor may be recorded .
We may use the call recordings to monitor our customer service for quality or compliance purposes , to check the accuracy of the information you provide us , for fraud prevention purposes , or to provide training to our staff .
We will retain the call recordings for as long as reasonably necessary to perform such activities and then delete them .
Any personal information obtained from you during the call will be treated in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy .
How we use your information
TripAdvisor uses the information we collect about you for the following general purposes : for registration and to manage your account , including to facilitate your access to and use of our site ; to communicate with you in general , including to provide information about TripAdvisor and invitations from the TripAdvisor community ; to enable us to publish your reviews , forum posts , and other content to the TripAdvisor community ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , and Web site ; to notify you about special offers and products or services available from us or our partners that may be of interest to you ; to otherwise customize your experience with TripAdvisor ; to solicit information from you , including through surveys ; to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce our Terms of Use ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
If you have signed up as the owner or manager of a vacation rental , or listed your vacation rental property in our Destination Resources section , we will send you e-mail messages at the email address you provide to us .
Please review `` Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information '' below .
With whom we share your information
TripAdvisor may share your information with the following entities :
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
Business partners with whom we may offer products or services in conjunction .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear either with ours or separately .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your personal information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners .
Referring Web sites .
If you were referred to TripAdvisor from another Web site , we may share your registration information , such as your name , email address , mailing address , telephone number and travel preferences , about you with that referring Web site .
We have not placed limitations on the referring Web sites ' use of personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Web site that referred you to TripAdvisor .
Social Media Services .
You can choose to access certain third party social media Web sites and services through our site ( such as Facebook ) .
When you do so , you are sharing information with those sites , and the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies .
You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these third party social media web sites .
Companies within our corporate family .
We may share your personal information within the TripAdvisor Media Group , as well as with our parent companies and domestic and international corporate affiliate companies and websites ( including DaoDao.com ) .
This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which might interest you .
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and , at a minimum , give you an opportunity in any commercial e-mail they send to choose not to receive such e-mail messages in the future .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is necessaryto investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of TripAdvisor , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
If you choose to create a profile on TripAdvisor , certain information in your profile will be publicly viewable and identifiable via your screen name .
You will have the ability to view your profile as members of the public will see it .
Additionally , if you choose to participate in our member-to-member communications programs , other TripAdvisor members may contact you by using TripAdvisor as an intermediary ; however , TripAdvisor will not share your email address with any other members nor display it any public manner .
All TripAdvisor members have the option to turn off the member-to-member communication features at any time .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our Web site receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
How you can access your information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is relevant to its intended use , accurate , and complete .
You can access and update your contact information by visiting the Member Profile page on the TripAdvisor Web site .
You can close your TripAdvisor account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information .
However , you can open a new account at any time .
Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account in our archives , including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity .
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to take advantage of certain features offered on TripAdvisor .
You also can add or update information and close your account as described above .
As a registered TripAdvisor member , you can modify your e-mail subscription choices at any time on the Member Profile page .
Whether registered as a TripAdvisor member or not , you also will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional messages in any such e-mail we send .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements , administrative messages , and surveys relating either to your TripAdvisor account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
Email Communications.TripAdvisor.com wants to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our Web site .
One way we do this is by sending you e-mail messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests .
For example , if you search for a flight to New York , or New York hotels or reviews on TripAdvisor.com , we may send you an email message reminding you about special airfare or hotel offers in New York .
Similarly , if you receive an email about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels , flights , or local travel reviews by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email , you may receive an email about New York hotel or flight offers .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our sites .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from TripAdvisor , you will not be able to access portions of our site .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using TripAdvisor , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no Web site can guarantee security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they only may do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
TripAdvisor is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to children .
Should an individual whom we know to be a child under age 13 send personal information to us , we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible .
If any part of the TripAdvisor Web site links you to other Web sites , those external Web sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Visiting our Web sites from outside the United States
If you are visiting our Web site from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that TripAdvisor does take steps pursuant to laws in the United States to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
Your California privacy rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
To make such a request , please contact us at General Support .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TripAdvisor may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify our members about material changes to this Privacy Policy by either sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at :
Newton , MA 02464 , USA
2013 TripAdvisor LLC .
All rights reserved .

Effective Date for New Users : May 23 , 2013 / Effective Date for Current Users : June 23 , 2013
It also describes how we use that information .
We refer to all of our websites as our `` Sites , '' and all of the services and functionalities that we provide - including our Sites and our mobile applications - as our `` Services . ''
Our Privacy Policy is incorporated as part of the Trulia Terms of Use .
Please read this Policy and our Terms carefully before using our Services .
By using Trulia 's Services , you agree to the provisions of this policy .
If you do not want to be bound by our Privacy Policy , please do not use our Services !
Changes to our Policy Since May 25 , 2011 .
We added more information about how we categorize our users and what information we collect , use , and share .
We described our new functionality of obtaining enhanced data from third parties , our Facebook Connect functionality , and our Facebook advertising capabilities .
We clarified the circumstances under which we may disclose users ' information to Real Estate Professionals ( REPs ) and for our new mortgage product .
We updated our cookie policy and further explained our use of cookies and other tracking technology to describe the specific types of cookies , beacons , and other technologies we use to analyze users ' behavior and improve our Services .
We added information about location data and our mobile Services , including how and when we collect and share location and mobile data .
We added new terms to a newly added `` General Matters '' section to describe how you can delete your account and access your personally identifiable information , the fact that we do not collect children 's information , and what happens to our users ' data under a sale or merger .
Why We Collect Information from You
Trulia is a real estate information service .
To provide our Services , we use information we collect to :
Help you find the most relevant information for your situation by customizing our Services to optimize your experience ;
Keep you connected with Trulia across the Internet and update you with residential real estate-related news and information , if you allow us to do so ;
Put you in touch with the right people to sell , buy , rent , or research residential real estate , obtain a mortgage , and to optimize the information we share with those parties to initiate a productive and efficient relationship .
Our goal in this policy is to be completely transparent about the data we collect , why we collect it , and how we use it , in order to make finding your new home a pleasant and fun experience !
To Whom Does This Policy Apply
Some parts of this Policy are directed at specific types of people .
We use some special terminology to refer to them , which we define below .
This Policy applies to everyone who uses our Services , but sometimes we direct parts of it toward particular groups of users .
Users : `` Users '' are everyone who uses our Services .
Real Estate Professionals ( REPs ) : `` Real Estate Professionals , '' or `` REPs '' are users who have created accounts ( free or paid ) with us to sell or rent real estate , participate in our advertising services , and participate in other Services that we direct toward the professional real estate community .
REPs include landlords , agents , mortgage professionals and subscribers ( described further below ) .
We send leads to REPs on your behalf , as described in this Policy .
Subscribers : `` Subscribers '' are REPs who participate in our paid subscription plans , like Trulia Pro .
Subscribers , like all REPs , get leads from us , but they also may receive third-party augmented information as described in this Policy .
What Information Do We Collect , and Where Do We Get It
We Collect Some Information From All Visitors to Our Site :
Like many online services , we use technologies like session and persistent cookies , web beacons ( tiny image files on web pages that communicate information about the page viewer to the beacon owner ) , log data , and third-party analytics services to collect and analyze information about all users of our Services This includes things like users ' search preferences , interaction with ads on our Site , and location .
Our servers automatically record information ( `` Log Data '' ) created by your use of the Services .
Log Data may include information such as your IP address , browser type , operating system , the referring web page , pages visited , location , your mobile carrier , device , search terms , and cookie information .
We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services , for example , when you visit our websites , sign into our Services , or interact with our email notifications .
We use Log Data to provide our Services and to measure , customize , and improve them collect and use in the aggregate .
Cookies are small data files that we transfer to your computer .
We use `` session '' cookies to keep you logged in while you use our Services , to better understand how you interact with our Services , and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic information on our Services .
We use `` persistent '' cookies to recognize you each time you return to our Services .
For example , we create a persistent cookie that includes some basic information about you , like your most recent search and whether an agent responded to a query you sent using Trulia 's services .
We use this persistent cookie to remember your preferences and , if you create an account , to make your user experience consistent after you register .
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can change your settings or use third-party tools to refuse cookies or prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you visit .
You can also use your browser settings or other tools to delete cookies you already have .
Please be aware that some parts of our Services may not work for you if you disable cookies .
Information We Collect from Users with Trulia Accounts : When using our Services , you have the option to create an account ( and for some REPs , to subscribe to our premium services ) .
If you choose to create an account , we ask you to provide us with some limited personal information like your name and email address .
We may use this information to contact you about the services on our Site in which you have expressed interest , or to suggest Trulia tools and services to improve your home buying , selling or renting process .
If your browser permits the use of cookies , we will collect and store additional information using persistent cookies , as described above , and associate it with your account even if you are logged out .
Information We Collect from Users that Sign On with Facebook Connect : You can also log into Trulia using your Facebook name and password by clicking the Facebook Connect button .
By using Facebook Connect , you are allowing Trulia to access some personally identifiable information in your Facebook account pursuant to the Facebook Terms of Service .
Facebook Connect will pre-populate your Trulia account during the sign-up process with information from your Facebook account .
Trulia will also receive your Facebook ID number during this process .
We use all of this information strictly in accordance with this Policy .
Information We Collect from REPs : If you create a REP account with us , whether as a landlord , agent , or subscriber , we will ask you to provide certain information in order to set up your account .
We ask all REPs to provide a name , a company ( if available ) , a phone number , and an email address .
We also ask agents to provide a real estate license number .
If you create a paid REP account and become a subscriber , we require you to submit all of the information required from landlords and agents as well as a description of your campaign .
We will also collect financial data like credit card information and billing addresses from subscribers , so that we can handle billing .
If you are a subscriber , a Trulia representative may call you to verify your information .
Additional Information About You that We Obtain from Third Parties : We may sometimes obtain information about you from third parties and use it to help agents serve you better .
For example , our partners may help us provide predictions of your income range and how likely you may be to purchase a home .
We will share this augmented data only with selected REPs ( subscribers ) who you choose to share information with by contacting them through the Trulia Services .
Information We Collect When You Use the Trulia Mobile Application : When you use the Trulia mobile application , we may collect Log Data specific to your mobile device ( `` Mobile Log Data '' ) , like your mobile device model , your operating system , your device ID , whether you are logged in or not , and information about how you use our app and mobile site , such as what properties you are viewing and whom you contact through the app .
As explained below , we need this information in order to analyze how mobile users interact with our Site and Services so we can improve our Services and the ads we show you .
This information is stored with your Trulia account .
Location Data : If you provide location information ( like a ZIP code , street address , or even just a city ) during the registration process or at any other time via your account settings , we will store that information and associate it with your account .
If you use our mobile Site or app , we will collect location data directly from your device automatically if your device allows us to do so .
In some circumstances , you may have to opt into sharing your location data with us .
Additionally , your mobile device may provide you with choices about how and whether location data is shared with us .
We may use and store information about your location to provide localized features , to analyze our Services with the help of third-party analytics services , to provide you with relevant advertising and marketing materials , and otherwise to improve and customize our Services .
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information : We will only share your personally identifiable information at your direction ( e.g. , when you request to contact a REP using our Services ) and according to this Policy 's terms .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information : In order to provide and improve our Services and to share relevant ads with you , we use and disclose to our advertising and analytics partners non-personally identifiable information that we collect , including cookie data , some log data , and mobile data .
We also share anonymous profiles of users who view a property with REPs .
We will never re-identify non-personally identifiable information by combining it with personally identifiable information .
Some of our Services require that you opt into additional sharing :
Direct Contact with a REP : If you fill out a form to contact a REP ( or use any other contact forms available on our Sites ) or call a REP via our mobile site or app , we may share personally identifiable information that you share with us and information about your use of our Services with the party you wanted to contact .
This may include data you input such as home search criteria or Log Data that we collect as you use the Services .
If a REP wants to contact you based on the anonymized profile of Trulia pages you visited , we will contact you to see if we can make that connection .
Sometimes , if we are working with a third party to improve the leads we provide to our subscriber REPs , we may provide that third party with additional but limited personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of their carrying out their duty to us .
Mortgage Services : If you request a mortgage quote using our services , you authorize us to share the personally identifiable information necessary for our partners to deliver the service .
They are not permitted to use the information for any other purpose .
Referrals : If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site .
Trulia stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email .
Facebook Custom Audiences and Promotions : If you have not opted out of email communications with us , we will use your email address ( and Facebook ID , if we have collected it ) to promote Trulia content to you via Facebook 's Custom Audiences feature and other Facebook advertising or promotional tools .
The Custom Audiences feature allows us to reach out to our users via Facebook if those users have already shared their email addresses or Facebook IDs with us .
We do not allow anyone else to access the user lists we use for Facebook promotions , and Facebook itself will never receive any of our users ' data .
( Facebook receives a hash , a kind of digital fingerprint , of our users ' data in order to make a match on its own servers , but they never receive any actual data . )
If you do not want to receive promotions as part of our Custom Audiences campaigns , unsubscribe from our email list via one of the emails you receive from us , and we will remove you from our Custom Audiences list within 7 days .
Social Sharing : When you use any social sharing function we may provide to share our products and Site ( e.g. , sharing on Facebook ) , your sharing activity will be processed through a third party 's site or service .
These third parties ' privacy policies , not ours , govern the collection and use of the information collected on those sites .
User-Generated Content : If you use our user-generated content services , like posting a question , answer or blog on this Site , you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
Professionals may add testimonials to their own profiles on Trulia .
They are responsible for obtaining consent to publish any personal information of those persons who submit said testimonials to them .
We may post user content , including testimonials and reviews , on our website .
Some of it may contain personally identifiable information .
We obtain customers ' consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their names along with their testimonial .
Protecting Ourselves and Our Users : We may release personal information when we believe that doing so is appropriate to comply with a legitimate law , regulation , or legal request ; to enforce or apply our policies ; to initiate , render , bill , and collect for amounts owed to us ; to protect our rights or property ; to protect the safety of our users ; to address fraud , security , or technical issues ; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay .
Website Third-Party Ad Services : We use third-party ad services to deliver ads to you on our Services .
These third-party ad servers may collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Services in order to present advertisements that may be of interest to you .
Mobile Ad Networks and Analytics : For our mobile products , we use third-party service providers for the limited purpose of helping us analyze your Mobile Log Data and location data , so that we can improve and localize our services , show you relevant advertisements , and study the way our mobile users interact with our Sites and Services .
Trulia Emails : You can control whether you receive Trulia emails by following the instructions at the end of each email we send .
The Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Account Information Is Your Responsibility : You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy and accuracy of your password , email address , and other account information at all times .
We recommend a strong password that you do not use with other services .
We are not responsible for personal data transmitted to a third party as a result of an incorrect email address .
Children : Trulia does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about persons under the age of 13 .
Third-Party Websites : Our Site may contain links to other websites .
When you click on one of these links , you are navigating to another website .
We do not accept liability for misuse of any information by any website controller to which we may link .
We also do not have any responsibility of liability for the content on websites that use the Trulia Search functionality .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these sites , which may differ from ours .
Sale / Merger : Information about our users and our Site is a business asset of Trulia .
Consequently , information about our users , including personal information , will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition , creation of a separate business to provide the Site , our services or fulfill products , sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency , bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company .
You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information ,
Security : We use commercially reasonable security measures to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
However , we can not absolutely guarantee the protection of any information shared with us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as a credit card number ) on our order forms , we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
Policy Changes : We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices .
If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Trulia , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Contacting Us : If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us at :
Trulia , Inc. 116 New Montgomery Street Suite 300 , San Francisco , California 94105

Any personal information you supply to Turkish Airlines when you use this web site will be used in accordance with Turkish Airlines ' Privacy Policy .
This policy statement provides information on our obligations and policies under the Personal Data ( Privacy ) .
We confirm that we shall meet fully and comply with the requirements of the Ordinance .
In doing so , subject to the personal information collection statement below , we will use our endeavour to ensure compliance by our staff with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality and shall keep safe any and all personal data collected by us .
We will limit the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business , provide you with the highest quality service and offer you opportunities which will be of interest to you .
This Web site may contain links to other sites , and we make every effort to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy .
However , we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites .
Personal Information Collection Statement
By using this web site , you agree to the collection and use of the information available on or through this site ( including your personally identifying information by Turkish Airlines , its affiliates , partners , contractors , agents and companies established any where in the world including USA with which turkish Airlines makes cooperation in terms of security and verification of accuracy of process and information given by user .
It is necessary for you to supply us with personally identifiable information relating to you which may include but not limited to your name , identification card number , address , credit/debit card number ( s ) , including billing address , expiration dates , passport number , nationality ( the Data ) from time to time in connection with using our value-added service including , but not limited to , placing an order for our product and service .
Failure to supply the Data may result in us being unable to provide the required services .
The purposes for which Data may be used are as follows :
( a ) processing your bookings/orders and managing your account with us ;
( b ) marketing our services or related products ;
( c ) for compiling aggregate statistics about you and maintaining contact lists for correspondence , commercial statistics and analysis on Site usage ;
( d ) for identity , verification and records ; and
( e ) purposes related to the above .
All Data held by us will be kept confidential but we may release the Data to a third party when such release is reasonably necessary to satisfy the purpose or a directly related purpose for which the Data was collected and to :
( a ) comply with the applicable laws and regulations ;
( b ) enforce any of the Terms & Conditions herein ;
( c ) protect the rights , property or interest of Turkish Airlines and/or other users of this Site .
Most of our forms , where you send the Data to us with , are protected by SSL ( Secure Socet Layet ) technology , an encrypted communication channel , during the transmission .
Once we have received such information , we will maintain this information according to our usual strict security and confidentiality standards .
To take advantage of SSL , your browser must support and you have to enable the SSL options in your browser .
Under our normal practice , the Data you entered will be retained by us only as long as it is necessary for the needs of our business process or legal requirements .
If you wish to access or correct the Data held by us , please do so via the respective PROFILE UPDATE pages .
Because we are constantly improving our sites there may be developments in how we use your data - all such developments will be promptly notified to you in this policy .
Confidentiality of your Booking Reference
When you make a booking , you will be given a booking reference ( PNR ) .
This booking reference given to you during the booking will also appear on the ticket of each person in your booking .
This booking reference should be kept confidential at all times .
Others may have access to your booking details in case you fail to keep your booking reference confidential .
If you are traveling with others and would not like your individual booking details accessed by them , you may prefer to make a separate booking for yourself .
Turkish Airlines can not be held liable in any way for access of the others to your booking reference .
You will bear all responsibility for keeping your booking reference confidential and Turkish Airlines is not undertaking any responsibility whatsoever .

Privacy Policy By Ubergizmo Team on 12/20/2010 10:20 PST
lease read this statement carefully before using proceeding to access Ubergizmo .
Your use of Ubergizmo indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms in effect .
Ubergizmo may collect information from our users at several different points on our Web site , including IP addresses present on our server log files ( see below ) .
In order to sign up to receive regular emails from this mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address .
This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization than the third party service that hosts the newsletter service .
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site ( for example , advertisers ) .
However , Ubergizmo has no access to or control over these cookies , once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Ubergizmo only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by Google , among other services .
Information about users ' visit to this site , such as number of times they have viewed an ad ( but not username , date of birth , or any other personal information ) , is used to serve ads to users on this site .
For more information about Google and cookies , please click here .
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files .
This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses , etc . are not linked to personally identifiable information .
We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement .
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , Ubergizmo may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on our Web site .
In the event Ubergizmo goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
The Ubergizmo web site contains links to other sites .
Please be aware that we , Ubergizmo , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Ubergizmo .
We use many third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
Whenever Ubergizmo changes our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us .

Last updated July 10 , 2013
Ubisoft Inc. and its subsidiaries ( collectively , `` Ubisoft '' or `` we '' ) , respects the privacy rights of our visitors and users and recognize the importance of protecting all information that you may choose to share with us .
To further this commitment , we have adopted this Privacy Policy ( `` Policy '' ) to guide how we collect , store , and use the information you provide us when you access Ubisoft 's websites , online games , online functions of offline games and any other online functions controlled by Ubisoft or mobile applications ( collectively , the `` Services '' ) .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy , please do not use the Services .
We reserve the right to change the provisions of the Policy at any time .
We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was revised .
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used .
Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes .
This Policy and the certification seal shown on the Site confirm that Ubisoft is a member in good standing of ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
ESRB 's Privacy Online Program is designed to ensure that the Site 's information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate .
To protect your privacy , we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and this Site has been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices .
As part of this privacy program , we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB .
What is Personal Information ?
What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests ?
How is your personally identifiable information used and shared ?
What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information ?
Do we collect information for children under the age of 13 ?
Does this privacy policy apply to other websites linked to this Site ?
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information ?
How can you update your personal information and profile ?
How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy ?
What is Personal Information
As used herein , the term `` personal information '' means information that specifically identifies any individual ( such as a name , address , telephone number , mobile number , e-mail address , or credit card number ) , or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information .
Personal information does not include `` aggregate information '' , which is data we collect about the use of the Services or about a group or category of services or users , from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed .
This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information .
Personal information also does not include a Device Identifier ( as defined below ) that is not connected to personal information .
What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests
We collect several types of personal information about our guests in a number of ways when you visit or use the Services :
Information You Provide to Us or Active Collection .
We collect certain information from you when you voluntarily provide it , such as if you :
Create a Ubi.com account ;
Apply for a beta tester position ;
Subscribe to one of our newsletters ;
Participate in our community forums or chat rooms ;
Shop at one of our online stores or purchase virtual items within a Ubisoft 's game ;
Receive customer or technical support ;
Participate in contests , events , or promotions ;
Register product online for warranty protection ; and
Polls , surveys , or questionnaires .
Typically , the personal information collected includes : Name ; email address ; telephone number ; shipping and billing address ; date of birth , and for those purchasing products through the Services .
Additionally , we may also collect demographic information such as your age , gender , country and zip code of residence , recent game purchases , and game ownership and preferences .
This demographic information may be associated with your personal information .
If this demographic information is connected with personal information , we will treat the demographic information as personal information .
Furthermore , Ubisoft may collect information regarding the user 's behavior , and his/her use of Ubisoft 's demos and in-game data such as achievements , rankings , time played to better adapt our products and Services to users ' interests and for a better quality of our services
For some features of the Service , you may be able to submit information about other people .
For instance , if you wish to send a coupon or advertisement to a friend you may submit some of your friend 's personal information .
Ubisoft will use any such information that we collect from you about another person to carry out your request .
When you use the Services , some information is also automatically collected .
Ubisoft as well as any third party advertisers and/or service provides , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Services are accessed and used ( `` Usage Information '' ) .
For example , when you come to use or visit the Services , we collect your IP address or other unique identifier ( `` Device Identifier '' ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( collectively , `` Device '' ) you use to access the Services , your operating system , the browser type , the address of the referring web site and your activity on the Site or your console ID .
An Device Identifier is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university .
We also can use the Device Identifier to determine the general physical location of your Device and understand from what regions on the world the visitors to the Services come .
Standing alone , your Device Identifier is not personally identifiable .
At times , we also use Device Identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our websites .
If we combine this information with personally identifiable information , we treat this information as personal information .
We may also automatically collect certain information and monitor user activity through the use of `` cookies '' or web beacons ( also known as web bugs , pixel tags , tracking pixels , or clear gif 's or by monitoring a user 's Device Identifier ) on the Services .
If we link cookies to any personally identifying information , we will treat this information as personal information .
The web beacons we use do not collect any personal information .
If you wish to block , erase , or be warned of cookies on the Site , please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions .
However , if you choose to remove or reject cookies , this could affect certain features on the Services .
Information provided by cookies , web beacons , Device Identifier 's or other devices may be used , among other things to analyze data , to determine the popularity of certain content , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests , to make recommendations to you and to better understand the usage and visitation of the Services and the effectiveness of Ads .
Finally , once you 've clicked on an advertisement and have left our websites , our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website .
Third parties may also use cookies , web beacons , or other devices to collect information when you use the Services .
Ubisoft does not control any cookies or other data collection tools that may be placed on the Services by a third party , and this Policy does not cover the use of such cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the website and applications you use to find out more about the information that may be collected by third parties and the choices you have regarding the collection , use and sharing of such information .
We may partner with third party online advertising companies to deliver advertisements on our Services .
Because your internet browser or mobile device must request these advertising banners from ad networks ' servers , these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file , just as if you had requested a web page from the Service .
Please note that if an advertiser on a third party ad network asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience ( for example , males ages 18-34 ) or audience segment ( for example , men ages 18-34 who have viewed video game related items ) and you respond to that ad , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach .
However , we would only authorize third party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting .
We would not knowingly permit a third party ad server to collect Personal Information about you .
If you want to prevent a third party ad server and/or third party service provider from sending and reading cookies on your computer or mobile device , you must visit each third party ad server network 's website individually and opt out ( if they offer this capability ) .
Information Received From Third Parties
We also may obtain certain non-personal information about you from third parties .
This information may include demographic , geographic , psychographic and other usage information that does not personally identify an individual user and may be associated with anonymous device ID and/or a console identification number .
You may also choose to participate in a third party applications or features ( such as one of our social network applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to collect and share ) information about you , including personal information .
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or username associated with that third-party service , and any information you have made public in connection with that service or with the third party shares with partner services .
In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their providers and you are one of their `` connections '' or information about you is otherwise accessible through your `` connections '' webpage , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service .
The collection and use of this information is pursuant to such third party 's information collection practices , which are typically outlined in a privacy policy like this one , provided on the third party 's website or in an application .
This Policy does not apply to information received from third parties , and Ubisoft is not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties .
We also may supplement the information we collect about you through the Services with our information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Services .
In those cases , we will apply this Policy to any personal information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise .
How is your personally identifiable information used and shared
We do n't sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your consent .
We do n't require personal information to access our website .
However , if you prefer not to disclose personal information , you will not be able to enjoy certain features of our website .
We use personal information we collect through the Site for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Site .
For example , we may use personal and other information we collect :
To provide the services , products or information you request and to process and complete any transactions in connection therewith ;
To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your account or your use of the Services .
For instance , if you create a Ubi.com and your account is later cancelled ( e.g. , due to lack of activity ) , we may subsequently contact you to let you know that we 've reactivated your account for a short period of time .
We may also use your personal information for other purposes such as `` Operational Uses . ''
For example , we may use your information to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our websites , including any future changes to this Privacy Policy ;
To communicate with you and respond to your emails , submissions , questions , inquiries , comments , requests , and complaints and to provide customer service .
For instance , we may use your email address to send you service announcements that tell you about updates to our Policy , changing in pricing , changes to our online service or customer support policies , and other related service changes . ;
To personalize and improve the Site and users ' experiences , to increase the functionality and user friendliness of the Site , to deliver advertisements , content , or features that match user profiles or interests , and to provide recommendations as to other advertisements , content or features that may be of interest to users ;
To monitor and analyze the Site usage and trends and otherwise measure the effectiveness of the Site ;
To provide you with news and information about our third party events , activities , offers , promotions , products , and services we think will be of interest to you ;
To send you confirmations , updates , security alerts , and support and administrative messages , to detect and prevent fraud , and to otherwise facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Services ;
To notify you about important changes to our Services ;
To conduct surveys and to notify and contact contest and sweepstakes entrants ; and
For any other purpose for which the information was collected .
We will not share the personal information we collect from you through the Services with third parties , except as described in this Policy or on the Site .
For example , we may share personal information as follows :
With vendors , consultants , and other service providers ( `` Service Providers '' ) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us From time to time , we may share your personal information with technical partners which help Ubisoft with the operation of the Services , including , without limitation , payment processing , and products delivery .
To the extent that our technical partners have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Policy ;
Upon your request or with your consent , we will share your information with other users of the Site ;
When you give us your consent to do so , including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information ;
With Advertising Partners to send you coupons , promotions , rewards , awards and advertisements you request ;
To enforce or apply this Policy , our Terms of Use , or our other policies or agreements ;
To enter you into a sweepstakes , contest , or promotion ; and
To respond to your questions .
We may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable , either by combining it with information about other individuals ( aggregating your information with information about other individuals ) , or by removing characteristics ( such as your name ) that make the information personally identifiable to you ( de-personalizing your information ) .
This can include a Device Identifier , usage information and/or information that is not connected to personal information .
Given the nature of this information , no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information , and we may use and share in any way with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information .
For practical reasons , we treat personal information submitted to us in a business capacity different from information we receive in a non-business capacity .
Personal information submitted to us in a business capacity ( e.g . resumes ) may be shared with third parties , depending on the nature of the inquiry .
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
From time to time , we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale .
If we purchase a business , the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy , if it is practicable and permissible to do so .
If we sell a business , we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy ( including any amendments to this Privacy Policy ) .
The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings .
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures ( a ) are required by law , including , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena , or ( b ) will help to : enforce our Terms of Use ; enforce contest , sweepstakes , promotions , and/or game rules ; protect your safety or security , including the safety and security of property that belongs to you ; and/or , protect the safety and security of our websites or third parties .
You understand that when you use the Services , any information you post in any interactive areas of the Services , including in any comments , listings , profiles , public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through public or private groups or forums , as well as any information you share with individuals through the Services or through social network sites or other social feeds , will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available .
We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums .
We are not responsible for the actions of third party service providers or other third parties , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties .
Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information , which may be shared with third parties without your consent .
What choices do you have about the collection , use , and sharing of your personally identifiable information
As mentioned above , you have control over the personal information you submit to us .
If you contact us by email , please include the name of the website you used to register and the email address you used to register with us so we can verify your request .
Your California Privacy Rights : The following applies solely to California residents who have an established business relationship with Ubisoft .
If we collect personal information from you , we may make the personal information available to third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes .
In this email , state that you would like Ubisoft to not share your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes .
You opt out request will be processed within thirty ( 30 ) days of the date of which we receive it .
Do we collect information for children under the age of 13
Ubisoft is very sensitive to privacy issues .
We are especially careful in any communications with children under the age of 13 ( `` Child '' or `` Children '' ) .
Ubisoft restricts access to certain Services on age grounds and , in certain jurisdictions , for certain Services and functions , asks for parent approval when a Child wishes to register for the Services .
When we intend to collect personal information from a Child , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :
Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to Children , including the types of personal information we may collect from Children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information
In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their Children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their Children
Limiting our collection of personal information from Children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity
Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their Children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted
More specifically , when a Child under the age of 13 registers , ( s ) he must supply the e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian who will be contacted by Ubisoft to ask him/her to confirm , refuse to modify his/her Minor 's registration .
Ubisoft reserves the right to limit the period during which a child under the age of 13 may play pending confirmation and activation by his/her parent or guardian .
Ubisoft reserves the right to ask for written proof of parental consent for any user or potential user of the services suspected to be a Child .
Parental consent applies exclusively to the specific service for which it has been granted .
Certain Services are specifically designed for Children and enable Children under the age of 13 to create their own free accounts for which Ubisoft collects their username , password , date of birth ( or age ) , country , and parent or guardian 's e-mail address .
Such services sometimes offer the possibility of paying for a subscription or certain game functions which enable Children to participate in more activies on the Services by making a payment .
The subscription services may also allow parents or guardians to manage their Child 's account and create their own player accounts .
Certain services enable Children to create personalized avatars which they can use in numerous activies in the services , including mini-games and virtual worlds .
Children may also use other functions of the Services such as `` Recommend to a friend '' to invite a friend to find out about the servies .
The `` Recommend to a friend '' functions enable Children to send their friends a single message inviting them to visit the related service .
Ubisoft will collect the first name and e-mail address of your Child ( or , failing that , the e-mail address of the parent or guardian ) and the e-mail address of his/her friend for the sole purpose of sending a single message .
This information is neither stored nor used for any other purpose and we do not reveal your child 's e-mail address to the recipient .
Parents may delete their Child 's Account or change their Child 's privacy settings at any time by creating a parental Account or by sending an e-mail to the administrator of the Privacy Policy , who is identified below .
In all cases , use of the Services by Children must take place under the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians and any use of the Services is assumed to have been validated by them .
AS FAR AS IS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGISLATION , UBISOFT DECLINES ANY RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING ANY ACTIVITIES WHICH MAY BE CONDUCTED BY CHILDREN WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THEIR PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS .
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AND YOU GIVE YOUR PERMISSION FOR YOUR CHILD TO REGISTER FOR ONE OR OTHER OF THE SERVICES , YOU THEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS RELATING TO USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOUR CHILD .
Does this privacy policy apply to other websites linked to this Site
The services may contain links to other websites .
For instance , purchases of Virtual Currency or Virtual Items for Ubisoft Services may be transacted on a third party processors site .
Any personal information you provide on linked pages or applications is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked sites , and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to or from the Services .
We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information .
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information
The security and confidentiality of your personal information is extremely important to us .
We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use .
From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods .
However , please understand that , despite our best efforts , no security measure is perfect or impenetrable .
To protect the confidentiality of personal information maintained in your account , you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person .
You are responsible for all uses of the Services by any person using your password .
Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused .
DESPITE OUR EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE , NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTY THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS SERVICES , INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA .
ACCORDINGLY , UBISOFT DISCLAIMS AND DOES NOT REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN YOUR PRIVACY OR THE SECURITY OF ITS DATA IN REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE `` AS IS '' AND UBISOFT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY .
How can you update your personal information and profile
In your email , please include the name of the website you used to register so we can verify your request .
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications from Ubisoft , please follow one of the two options below :
You must opt-out to receive promotional e-mails , texts , or other communications .
When providing your personal information , simply uncheck the box that asks whether you would like to receive such communications , and we will not send you any promotional information via these communications methods .
When you receive an e-mail , text , or other communications from us , it will contain a link or other instruction that allows you to stop the delivery of such messages from us .
If you decide to use this opt-out method , you will no longer receive special offers , valuable coupons , new product introductions or e-newsletters from Ubisoft ; however , you will continue to receive non-promotional communications from us , such as order confirmations .
How can you ask questions , or send us comments , about this Privacy Policy
Ubisoft , Inc.Attn : Privacy Rights Administrator
625 Third Street San Francisco , 94107 CA , USA
Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials , unless you request it .
Ubisoft is a licensee of the ESRB 's Privacy Online Program .
Attn . : Privacy Online Program
317 Madison Avenue , 22nd Floor
New York , NY 10017
Last updated July 10 , 2013

UCLA encourages the use of this site and other UCLA sites , regardless of domain address , as a way to share information and knowledge in support of the University 's three-part mission of education , research and public service .
These sites are owned by The Regents of the University of California and operated by UCLA .
Site content is subject to change without notice .
While most sites are publicly accessible , certain services and information offered on-line may be restricted to specific users or segments of the UCLA population .
Consistent with University policies and regulations , UCLA upholds the principles of academic freedom and shared governance , freedom of speech , and privacy in the use of electronic resources by our faculty , students and staff .
The UCLA web space contains official pages in support of the core mission of the University or related administrative business .
It also contains Web pages generated by groups or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views of UCLA or The Regents .
The University does not actively monitor or control web content .
However , when the University receives a notification of an alleged violation of law or policy , we investigate and address violations accordingly .
Privacy : The UCLA Gateway and Other Sites
Data is used to help answer specific questions about the usage and performance of the web site or individual web pages .
At no time is site usage associated with individual IP addresses .
UCLA works in a distributed information technology environment ; therefore , policies and procedures for other web sites may vary .
If there are questions , visitors should contact the specific department , unit or organization that maintains the site .
UCLA Name and Trademark
UCLA , UCLA Bruins , University of California Los Angeles and all related trademarks are the property of The Regents of the University of California .
Other trademarks , service marks , and trade names used in the ucla.edu web space are the property of their respective owners .
The first UCLA home page in September 1993 was a simple welcome .
In May 1995 came the full-featured `` InfoUCLA . ''
In February 1997 , `` Planet UCLA '' was launched ( with a spinning globe ) .
The `` Great Futures '' design was adopted in June 2000 .
The `` Here .
UCLA '' design was launched in late October 2004 ; the updated version of `` Here .
UCLA '' dates to November 2008 .
The site is managed by UCLA Communications & Public Outreach .
Digital Millenium Copyright Act
UCLA complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) .
If you have a concern regarding the use of copyrighted material on any site on the ucla.edu network , please contact the agent designated to respond to reports alleging copyright infringement .
Links from a web site located on a UCLA server to any non-university site do not imply University endorsement of the site 's products or services .
References to non-UCLA products , services , or organizations do not imply University endorsement of such products , services , or organizations .
UCLA is committed to providing a user-friendly environment for students , faculty , staff , alumni , friends , visitors and the community .
Your comments are welcomed .
2006 The Regents of the University of California
Photographs 2003 by Alan Nyiri , courtesy of the Atkinson Photographic Archive , Stephanie Diani , 2006 Regents of the University of California , 2012 Kyle Alexander

At Udacity ( `` Udacity '' , `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' ) we respect your privacy rights .
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Websites , and we are not responsible for the practices of persons , companies , institutions or websites that Udacity does not control , manage , or employ .
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement ( `` Terms of Use '' ) and other published guidelines , we do not release personal information about our users without their permission .
What Information this Privacy Policy Covers
Some of our Website 's functionality can be used without revealing any personal information , though for features or services related to the online courses , personal information is required .
If you do not use these specific features or services on the Website , then the only information we collect will be `` Non-Personal Information '' ( i.e. , information that can not be used to identify you ) .
Non-Personal Information includes information such as the web pages that you have viewed .
In order to access certain features and benefits on our Website , you may need to submit `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ( i.e. , information that can be used to identify you ) .
Personally Identifiable Information can include information such as your name and email address , among other things .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to Udacity .
Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Website , the information you receive when using the Website , and our ability to contact you .
For example , your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you .
What You Consent to by Using Our Website
Please understand that by submitting any Personally Identifiable Information to us , you consent and agree that we may collect , use , disclose and retain such Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use , and as permitted or required by law .
If you do not agree with these terms , then please do not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to us .
If you refuse or withdraw your consent , or if you choose not to provide us with any required Personally Identifiable Information , we may not be able to provide you with the services that can be offered on our Website .
What Information We Collect
We gather two types of information about users through the Website :
When users come to our Website , we may track , collect and aggregate Non-Personal Information indicating , among other things , which pages of our Website were visited , the order in which they were visited , when they were visited , and which hyperlinks were `` clicked . ''
We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Website .
Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address , operating system and browser software used by each user of the Website .
Although such information is not Personally Identifiable Information , we may be able to determine from an IP address a user 's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity .
We also use or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors , the type of content and sites to which a user of our Website links , the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Website , and the specific functionalities that users choose to use .
Essentially , cookies are a user 's identification card for the Udacity servers .
Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Website and related functionalities .
Cookies and web beacons allow Udacity to serve you better and more efficiently , and to personalize your experience at our Website .
Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain Personally Identifiable Information .
From time to time we may also use additional typical methods of collecting data .
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our cookies , many functions and conveniences of this Website may not work properly .
We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you sign-up for email updates or online courses , participate in our public forums , send us email messages , and/or participate in online courses or receive other services on or through our Website .
Among other things , we may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions , provide you the specific course and/or services you select , send you updates about online courses offered by Udacity or other Udacity events , and send you email messages about Website maintenance or updates , among other things .
Udacity may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Website only accessible to registered users .
In order to subscribe to these services , you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address .
Udacity may offer public forums from time to time ( the `` Forums '' ) where you can share comments and thoughts .
In order to participate in the Forums , you may be required to register with us and/or provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address .
`` Personally Identifiable Information '' shall not include any information posted or sent by or to you via any public Forum .
PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES
From time to time , Udacity may offer you the opportunity to participate in an online course on or through the Website .
If you desire to participate in a course , you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course .
This information may include , among other things , your name and email address .
Udacity , or its third party service providers , may , for instance , collect certain information from you in conjunction with assignments , exams and other assessments related to the online course .
For example , as part of a proctored exam for a course , Udacity ( or its third party service providers ) may collect certain information from you in order to ( a ) verify or authenticate your identity or submissions made by you , such as a signature for a test or assignment log , a photograph or recording of you ( e.g. , using a webcam ) or information included on a photo identification card or document , or ( b ) monitor your performance during an exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable test rules or requirements ( e.g. , confirming that you are not using prohibited resources ) .
Udacity may also collect information from you or about your performance or accomplishments related to the course , such as quiz/exam scores , grades , project evaluations , teacher evaluations and other evaluations of your performance or accomplishments .
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us through other means of communication .
PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU
When you use certain services that are available on or through the Websites , you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information .
For example , Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members .
When you use such services , you may send us Personally Identifiable Information .
When purchasing products or services through the Websites , you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information , such as your name , address , billing information ( i.e. , credit card information and billing address ) ( `` Billing Information '' ) , shipping address , email address and birth date .
We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party website , e.g. , Facebook , from our Websites .
This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party website .
How We Use the Information
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Udacity uses the information that we gather .
We use Non-Personal Information in aggregate form to build higher quality , more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users , and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Website .
This Privacy Policy serves as notice that we collect Personally Identifiable Information in the manners described herein .
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , Udacity will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information we gather from you on the Website .
In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy , we may disclose and otherwise use Personally Identifiable Information as described below .
We use Personally Identifiable Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Website or an online course .
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
We use Personally Identifiable Information collected during your use of the Forums to facilitate your use of the Forums .
In addition we may publish this information either on the Website and/or in other publications .
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee ( s ) .
PARTICIPATION IN ONLINE COURSES
We use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course through the Website for managing and processing purposes , including but not limited to tracking attendance , progress and completion of an online course .
As part of our management and processing of the online course , we will use certain Personally Identifiable Information to administer exams , projects , and other assessments for the online course .
For example , as part of a proctored exam or exit interview for the course , Udacity may use certain information collected from you in order to verify your identity , or to monitor your performance during the exam to confirm that you are abiding by the applicable testing rules or requirements .
We may share Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from you when you participate in an online course with the particular educational partner ( e.g. , such as a university or company ) that developed or offered the online course and the instructor ( s ) who taught , managed or otherwise oversaw the course .
For example , if you are taking a course through a university , we may share Personally Identifiable Information about you and your performance with the university to report on your progress in the course .
In another example , if you are taking a course sponsored or paid for by your employer , we may share your grades , evaluations , or progress in the course with your employer and other Personally Identifiable Information .
This information may be shared at any time during the course or afterwards .
Personally Identifiable Information shared with our educational partners will be subject to the privacy policies and procedures of such partners .
Also , we may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us , we may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
PROVIDING SERVICES TO YOU
We use Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide services to you , such as services that you request in conjunction with the online courses .
We may use your Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide such services to you and for quality control purposes , and we may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you .
For example , Udacity may make available to you chat room services that allow you to communicate with Udacity staff members and we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide these services to you .
Moreover , in certain circumstances , we may share certain information and materials with third parties in order to provide you services that you have requested .
For example , we may submit your data to potential employers .
We use Personally Identifiable Information collected during the purchasing process to fulfill the order or request and provide the product or service to you ( either directly or through our providers ) .
Billing Information may be archived by us or our providers .
We may archive Personally Identifiable Information other than Billing Information and/or use it for future communications with you .
We use the Personally Identifiable Information collected from third party websites for internal purposes .
To the extent such Personally Identifiable Information contains images of you , you grant Udacity a limited , non-exclusive right to use , reproduce , distribute , prepare derivative works of or publicly display such images and/or your likeness for fundraising .
DISCLOSURE TO OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS
Udacity may share Personally Identifiable Information with third party business partners , such as companies that may be offering products or services or other opportunities that may be of interest to you , but only after obtaining your consent .
DISCLOSURE TO UDACITY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Our operations and maintenance contractors and other service providers may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to us .
These contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services ( e.g. , test proctoring services ) , and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Website or the online course .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us .
GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES , LEGAL RIGHTS AND ACTIONS
Udacity may share your Personally Identifiable Information with various government authorities in response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of Udacity , the Website , our users , customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements .
Udacity may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to an acquirer , assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale , merger , or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity , business or assets of Udacity to which your Personally Identifiable Information relates .
Third parties , including linked sites and applications ( e.g. , Facebook and YouTube ) , customer support services and data analytics services , may collect information about you in connection with your use of the Website ( e.g. , usage information ) .
Such third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with the Website , which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services .
In some cases , third party tracking tools may only collect Non-Personal Information about your use on the Website .
However , in other cases , such third parties may collect Personally Identifiable Information about you as they engage in these activities ( e.g. , customer support services may obtain your name and email address in conjunction with their support activities ) .
Currently , we do not monitor or take any action with respect to Web browser signals or other mechanisms for the expression of choice regarding collection of information about an individual over time and across third-party web sites or online services ( e.g. , Web browser `` do not track '' signals ) .
For your convenience we may provide links to websites operated by companies other than Udacity ( `` Third Party Sites '' ) that we believe may be of interest to you .
We do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to these Third Party Sites without obtaining your consent .
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites .
If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites , you should review the privacy policy posted on the other website to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information .
Confidentiality , Security and Retention of Personally Identifiable Information
We consider the confidentiality and security of your information to be of the utmost importance .
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personally Identifiable Information private and will not share it with third parties , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , or unless we have good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others .
Udacity takes reasonable measures to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from disclosure to or access by third parties .
Please note that we do not guarantee the security of Personally Identifiable Information , and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted .
Also note that we may retain and store your information in our databases and systems even after your Udacity account is deactivated .
Updating or Deleting Your Personally Identifiable Information
We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personally Identifiable Information remains correct and up-to-date or choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners .
You may also update your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into the Website and visiting your user account page .
Keep in mind , however , that even after updates to your Personally Identifiable Information , we may maintain and store older versions of such information within our databases , access logs and other records .
If you have any privacy-related questions or unresolved problems , you may contact us using the information provided below .
Changing Our Privacy Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time , and that these practices are subject to change .
Any change , update , or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Website .
We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any material changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy .
We will also change the effective date of this Privacy Policy ( located at the bottom of this page ) .
Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy .
Protecting Children 's Privacy
Udacity strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children .
In line with this belief , we do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information on our Website from persons under 13 years of age , and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 13 years of age .
If you are under 13 years of age , then please do not use or access this Website at any time or in any manner .
We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personally Identifiable Information of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Website without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personally Identifiable Information .
If you have any questions , comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our Website , please contact us :
2465 Latham Street , 3rd Floor
Mountain View , CA 94040
Our Privacy Policy was last updated January 14 , 2014 .
2011-2014 , Udacity , Inc .
All rights reserved .

This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 15 , 2013
This Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) explains how Udemy , Inc .
( Udemy , we or us ) collect , use and share personally identifiable information of visitors of our web site ( the Site ) and users of our products and services ( the Services ) .
Please note that the primary purpose of our Site and the Services it to allow you to enroll in and take online courses on a variety of topics ( Courses ) .
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy , information that you provide through the Site can be in one of two categories : information relating to your use of the Site or the Services , including , without limitation , enrollment information for Courses , is referred to as Site Information , while information relating to taking the Courses , including , without limitation , interchanges with the Course instructors ( Instructors ) , other students ( Users ) , answers , essays and other items submitted to satisfy Course requirements , is referred to as Course Information .
When this Privacy Policy uses the generic term information it is intended to address the general use of information , and not your specific Site Information or Course Information .
By using the Site , Services , or Courses you consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your personally identifiable Site Information and Course Information , as applicable , in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect and How We Use It
You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself .
We do not collect personal information from our Site visitors without the Site visitor providing us with this information as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
If you request to receive company or product information , or request information about specific Services , or provide comments about Services , you will be asked to provide contact information so that we can complete your request .
We use this Site Information to fulfill your request .
We may also use this Site Information to send you additional information about our Services or Courses on the Site that you may be interested in .
Some of the Services require that you become a registered user and create a user account .
This will require that you provide certain personally identifiable information , that may include ( but not be limited to ) your ( and if you are enrolling as part of our Udemy for Organizations program ) your company 's name , e-mail address , as well as telephone and address information .
You allow us to use this personally identifiable Site Information to register you to use the Services , enroll in Courses , and otherwise provide you with the Services ; verify your authority to enter the Site and access the Courses and Services ; notify you of updates ; improve the content and general administration of the Site and the Services ; provide you with notices regarding the Services and other services that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future .
You also consent to our providing this personally identifiable information to Instructors as part of the Course Information when you enroll in a Course .
Instructors will use this Course Information to provide the Course to you .
Instructors may have other users for Course Information .
It is your responsibility when you enroll in a Course to confirm what uses the Instructor will make of your personally identifiable Course Information .
Udemy does not control these uses by Instructors .
Other Information We Collect and How We Use It
Udemy may also automatically collect and analyze Site Information about your general usage of the Site , Services and Courses .
We might track your usage patterns to see what features of the Site , Services and Courses you commonly use , Site traffic volume , frequency of visits , type and time of transactions , type of browser , browser language , IP address and operating system , and statistical information about how you use the Services and Courses .
We only collect , track and analyze such Site Information in an aggregate manner that does not personally identify you .
This aggregate data may be used to assist us in operating the Site and the Services and provided to other third parties to enable them to better understand the operation of the Services , and improve their Course offerings , but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable data .
Instructors may collect non-personally identifiable Course Information in connection with your participation in Courses .
This Course Information may include , but not be limited to , your interaction with the Instructor and other Users , comments you leave on Course forums , answers or essays you submit to satisfy Course requirements , and so forth .
As noted above , it is your responsibility to review the Instructor 's policy in connection with all Course Information and decide whether or not you want to provide such Course Information .
We recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests .
This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 .
Udemy targets its Services and this Site to adults and not to children under 13 .
We will share your personally identifiable Site Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy .
These include , but are not limited to , sharing Site Information with service providers to allow them to fulfill your requests , to Instructors ( in which case this will become Course Information ) , and to your employer if you are enrolled through the Udemy for Organizations program as an employee .
We do not sell your personal information to third parties .
Please refer to the sections above on personally identifiable and other Course Information for how Course Information may be used .
We may also disclose your personally identifiable information : ( a ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an investigation of a governmental authority , ( b ) to enforce these Terms of Use , or ( c ) to protect the safety of Users of our Site and our Services and Courses .
In addition , we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger , consolidation or other corporate reorganization .
We retain Site Information and the personal data we process on behalf of Users for as long as needed to provide the Services .
We will retain and use this personal Site Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements with Users , and/or the period required by laws in applicable jurisdictions .
Please see the sections above for how Course Information may be used .
Updating , Correcting and Deleting Your Information ; Opt-out
If you believe that Udemy has incorrect Site Information or Course Information that was provided as part of the Services , you may use the Services to correct , amend , or delete that information .
We can only alter Course Information that was initially provided to us ; you need to contact the Instructor for other purposes .
Alternatively , you may send a letter with your requested changes , corrections or deletions to the following address :
Udemy , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Policy
425 2nd Street , Suite 250
San Francisco , CA 94107
From time to time , we may send you emails about Course or new or modified Services that we believe might interest you .
If you wish to opt-out of receiving these materials , you may follow the unsubscribe procedure provided in the email .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
Udemy employs procedural and technological measures to protect your personally identifiable information .
These measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction .
We may use software , secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) encryption , password protection , firewalls , internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information .
However , Udemy can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat these measures or use your personally identifiable information for improper purposes .
Therefore , you should be aware that when you voluntarily display or distribute personally identifiable information , that information could be collected and used by others .
Udemy is not responsible for the unauthorized use by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available publicly .
Links to Other Websites
The Site , Services and in particular the Courses , may provide links to third party web sites or resources not associated with us and over which we do not have control ( External Web Sites ) .
Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Udemy of the External Web Sites , the content displayed therein , or the persons or entities associated therewith .
You acknowledge that Udemy is only providing these links as a convenience , and can not be responsible for the content of such External Web Sites .
Udemy reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes .
Your continued use of the Site and/or Services will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy .
We welcome your comments or questions concerning our Privacy Policy .
Udemy , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Policy
425 2nd Street , Suite 250
San Francisco , CA 94107

Union des Associations Europennes de Football
Route de Genve 46
UEFA takes your privacy seriously .
UEFA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you .
You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy .
What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy covers UEFA 's treatment of personal identifying information that UEFA collects when you are on the Website and when you use services on the Website , as described in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy also covers UEFA 's treatment of any personal identifying information that UEFA 's business partners share with UEFA unless otherwise stated .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or legal entities that UEFA does not own or control or to any persons that UEFA does not employ or manage , including without limitation third-party advertisers or sponsors to whom you provide information .
UEFA is not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Website , and UEFA encourages you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect , use and share information .
Information collection and use
UEFA does not collect personal identifying information when you access the Website homepage and browse the Website without disclosing your personal data except as described in this Privacy Policy or the relevant part of the Website and except cookies ( see below under `` cookies '' ) .
UEFA collects personal identifying information when you register on the Website , when you use certain products or services on the Website and when you enter promotions , sweepstakes or similar services sponsored by UEFA or its business partners .
UEFA may also receive personal identifying information from its business partners .
When you register , UEFA asks for your name , email address , and some other personal information .
Once you register with UEFA and/or sign in to our products or services , you are not anonymous to UEFA .
In case you signing in via your Facebook authentication services ( Facebook account ) , UEFA may receive some information from Facebook , but you remain solely responsible for your whole relationship with Facebook , including , without limitation , any content on the Facebook website .
In case you terminate your membership with Facebook and/or terminate the links between Facebook and our Website , UEFA will delete all data received from Facebook concerning you if you ask UEFA to do so .
You can do so using the same easy way as for the ability to access your personal identifying information as defined in this Policy .
Further , Facebook may require UEFA to delete data received from Facebook API in case of violation of their terms .
If Facebook will disable any links to our website , UEFA will delete all your date received through the use of the Facebook API , unless it is a basic account information or UEFA have received explicit consent from you to retain your data .
UEFA also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your Internet Protocol address ( IP address ) , which identifies your computer , UEFA 's cookies information and the page you requested .
UEFA uses information collected for three general purposes : for technical administration of the Website , for research and development to achieve and maintain a high service level and for customer information ( to customise the content you see , to fulfil your request for certain products and services and to contact you about specials and new products and services ) .
Information sharing and disclosure
UEFA will not sell or rent your personal identifying information without your consent .
UEFA may send personal identifying information about you to third parties when :
UEFA has your consent to share the information ;
UEFA needs to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested ;
UEFA needs to send the information to third parties who work on behalf of UEFA to provide a product or service to you ( unless otherwise stated so , these third parties do not have any rights to use the personal identifying information UEFA provides to them beyond what is necessary to provide a product or service to you ) ;
UEFA responds to courts or authorities ;
UEFA finds that your actions on the Website violate UEFA Website Terms and Conditions of Use or any other UEFA 's guidelines or rules applicable for specific services ; or
UEFA finds that it is necessary , as determined in UEFA 's sole discretion , to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any persons , violations to UEFA 's terms of use or as otherwise required by law .
UEFA may set and access UEFA 's cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computer and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
UEFA uses its own cookies for number of purposes , mainly to :
access your information when you `` sign in '' , so that we can provide you with customized content ;
keep track of preferences you specify while you are using UEFA services ;
estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ;
conduct research and development to improve the Website contents and services and achieve and maintain a high service level .
UEFA may allow third parties that are presenting promotions or researching users response to advertisement on some of our pages to set and access their own cookies on your computer .
Third parties ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one .
UEFA does not knowingly collect personal data from children .
UEFA does not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal identifying information to UEFA .
Access to your personal identifying information
UEFA allows you to challenge the data that it holds about you and you may have such data rectified , amended or completed .
If you communicate with UEFA by email , you should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain .
By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted you accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet .
In certain areas , UEFA uses industry standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions .
Generally , UEFA takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction .
Changes in this Privacy Policy
This policy may be amended from time to time .
If we amend the Privacy Policy in any way we will place an updated version on this page of the Website .
Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we will share it with other parties .
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website .
You may review , correct , update or change your personal information at any time by accessing your account on uefa.com .
UEFA is subject to Swiss data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information .
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy , please click here .
All rights reserved .
All rights reserved .
Last updated : 15/11/12 15.54CET

The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you .
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED
The following are the types of information we may collect :
Information You Provide Us
Personal information that you provide to us , such as your user ID and password , name , email address , telephone number , physical address , birth date , gender or zip code or other information may be collected via the Site .
We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site .
For example , we may collect click-stream data and your IP address .
When you open emails from the Site , we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us , if your computer supports such capabilities .
We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from us and our subsidiaries and affiliates .
Additionally , we keep a record of what types of emails you have opted to and not to receive .
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information .
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site , including but not limited to those described below :
You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Site may choose to offer , including , but not limited to , Newsletters , Contests , Forums or other subscription-based services .
Newsletters and Site Emails
We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Site , about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries , or about our business partners and advertisers and sponsors .
You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Site .
You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or , in some instances , in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails .
We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Site which may require registration .
Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes .
We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Site , such as on a winners page , in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes .
We will not post your information without your permission .
In some instances , a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Site , and collect your information .
In those cases , where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes , we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser 's or sponsor 's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating .
From timeto-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls .
Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information .
At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey .
As with many Websites , the Site uses standard technology called `` cookies , '' which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies .
Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site , and make using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords , purchases , and preferences .
By tracking how and when you use the Site , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not .
Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies .
Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Site .
Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser ; however , some areas of the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies .
IP Addresses and Click-stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet .
Our computers identify your computer by its IP address .
When you request Web pages from the Site , our computers log your IP address .
Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Site .
Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information .
When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like .
If you order any information from our Site , buy any of our products or subscribe for any of the services offered on our Site , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact , billing and shipping information .
We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested , i.e. , to deliver the information , products or other services that you order , and to invoice you .
Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
We own the information collected via this Site .
As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :
contact you about the Site ;
contact you relating to your membership status ;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made ;
monitor or improve the use of the Site ;
customize the advertising and content you see ;
monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Site ;
provide special offers to you from us and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties ;
send you promotional material on behalf of our business partners ;
inform you of a prize you have won .
WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
At times , we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes .
The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others : Agents : We employ other businesses , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
Examples include fulfilling orders , sending e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Site analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service .
These entities have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
We may send offers by email to you on behalf of other partners .
When we do this , we do not give that partner your name and address .
We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations .
When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information .
Opt-in and Opt-out Programs :
Throughout the Site you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties .
An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared .
If you do choose to have your information shared , in an effort to protect you , third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Site privacy policy .
However , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies , and you should review the privacy practices of such Web sites prior to providing your personally identifiable information .
Partners Subsidiaries and Affiliates :
We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with our subsidiaries and affiliates .
The Site may be sold along with its assets , or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred .
In such a case , your personally identifiable information , which we have gathered , may be one of the business assets we transfer .
In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas , court orders or other legal process your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena , court order or legal process , which may be without notice to you .
Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards The Site may make chat rooms , forums and message boards available to its users .
While you are required to register with the site for access to these areas , you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so .
If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties .
We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board .
Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy .
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas .
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy policy applies only to this Site .
When you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control .
For example , if you `` click '' on a banner advertisement , the `` click '' may take you off the Site onto a different Web site .
This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and others that may use the Site 's logo as part of a cobranding agreement .
These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies .
If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information .
This Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration .
Certain personally identifiable information , such as credit card information , is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software .
Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access .
Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required .
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY
The Site is a general audience site .
We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site .
If in the future , we knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C . 6501 et seq . ) including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consents .
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACYPOLICY
By using this Site , you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy .
If we decide to change or update this privacy policy , we will post the change or update here .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify you by way of an email or some other means .
Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy .
ZUFFA DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT , SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED , OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED , OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS .
THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS .
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE .
ZUFFA CAN NOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES .
ZUFFA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY , NON-INFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
ZUFFA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS , OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY ZUFFA SERVICES .
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES .
YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ZUFFA FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT .
THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES .
The above disclaimer applies to any damages , liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance , error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , computer virus , communication line failure , theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to , alteration of , or use , whether for breach of contract , tort , negligence or any other cause of action .
Zuffa reserves the right to do any of the following , at any time , without notice : ( 1 ) to modify , suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site , or any portion of the Site , for any reason ; ( 2 ) to modify or change the Site , or any portion of the Site , and any applicable policies or terms ; and ( 3 ) to interrupt the operation of the Site , or any portion of the Site , as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance , error correction , or other changes .
Except where prohibited by law , in no event will Zuffa be liable to you for any indirect , consequential , exemplary , incidental or punitive damages , including lost profits , even if Zuffa has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
If , notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use , Zuffa is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content , Zuffa 's liability shall in no event exceed the greater of ( 1 ) the total of any subscription or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against Zuffa , or ( 2 ) US $ 100.00 .
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability , so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you .
You agree to indemnify and hold Zuffa , its officers , members , directors , shareholders , predecessors , successors in interest , employees , agents , subsidiaries and affiliates , harmless from any demands , loss , liability , claims or expenses ( including attorneys ' fees ) , made against Zuffa by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site .
Violation of These Terms of Use
Zuffa may disclose any information we have about you ( including your identity ) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site , or to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) Zuffa 's rights or property , or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site , including Zuffa 's customers .
Zuffa reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Zuffa deems necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request .
Zuffa also may disclose your information when Zuffa determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure , including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes .
You acknowledge and agree that Zuffa may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Zuffa through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Zuffa determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( 1 ) comply with legal process , ( 2 ) enforce these Terms of Use , ( 3 ) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others , or ( 4 ) protect the rights , property or personal safety of Zuffa , its employees , users of or visitors to the Site , and the public .
You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site .
You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice , and will cause irreparable harm to Zuffa , for which monetary damages would be inadequate , and you consent to Zuffa obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Zuffa deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances .
These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Zuffa may have at law or in equity .
You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site , for cause , which includes ( but is not limited to ) ( 1 ) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies , ( 2 ) a request by you ( self-initiated account deletions ) , ( 3 ) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , or ( 4 ) unexpected technical issues or problems .
If Zuffa does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use , Zuffa will be entitled to recover from you , and you agree to pay , all reasonable attorneys ' fees and costs of such action , in addition to any other relief granted to Zuffa .
You agree that Zuffa will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use .
Governing Law ; Jurisdiction
You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site , including all disputes , will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada , USA .
This Agreement has been delivered at and shall be deemed to have been made and entered into in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Accordingly , the rights and liabilities of the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada , without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws .
The parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for the resolution of any dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement shall lie in the Eighth Judicial District Court for the State of Nevada , sitting in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Each party irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such dispute if served in accordance with the notice provisions contained herein .
Although the Site is accessible worldwide , not all features , products or services discussed , referenced , provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations , or appropriate or available for use outside the United States .
Zuffa reserves the right to limit , in its sole discretion , the provision and quantity of any feature , product or service to any person or geographic area .
Any offer for any feature , product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited .
If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States , you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws .
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content , or any product or service offered on the Site , in violation of any applicable laws or regulations , including without limitation United States export laws and regulations .
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable , such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use , so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect .
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Zuffa with regard to your use of the Site , and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Zuffa with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled .
Zuffa will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use , and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected .
Zuffa 's failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Zuffa of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use , nor shall any course of conduct between Zuffa and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use .
These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties .
Zuffa provides access to Zuffa international data and , therefore , may contain references or cross references to Zuffa products , programs and services that are not announced in your country .
Such reference does not imply that Zuffa in your country intends to announce such products , programs or services .
Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential .
Zuffa shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis .
The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice .
Copyright 2013 Zuffa LLC .
All rights reserved .

Effective as of May 17 , 2013
We at Ultimate-Guitar.com respect the privacy concerns of the users of this site and have created this privacy policy to explain ( 1 ) what information we gather from you when you visit our site , ( 2 ) how we may use such information , ( 3 ) your choices concerning how we may use such information and ( 4 ) the security measures we take to protect such information .
Some information is collected on this site automatically through our technology ; other information is collected only when you choose to give it to us ( e.g. , when you set up an account , register for a contest or sign up for a specific online transaction ) .
Information We Gather Automatically
When you visit this site , certain non-personally identifying information is recorded automatically by the standard operation of our Internet servers .
Information such as the type of browser being used , its operating system , and your computer 's Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address ( a number that your Internet service provider assigns to your computer whenever you surf the Internet ) is gathered in order to facilitate our online operations and to assure an efficient online experience for you .
If you access our site from a mobile or other device , we may collect information for that device ( including operating system , browser , type of device ) is gathered in order to facilitate our mobile operations and to assure an efficient mobile experience for you .
We may use or share this information for security purposes , to generate group statistics about our user community , or as required by law .
Among the purposes for which we may use such generally non-personally identifying information is for identification purposes in the event of an emergency threatening life or property , or where proper legal process allows using such information .
For instance , we may use your IP address or other automatically recorded information , in cooperation with your Internet provider , to attempt to identify you if it is necessary to contact you or to bring legal action against you because you are violating the Terms of Service for use for this site , may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with our company 's rights or property , or may be adversely affecting other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
Personal Information You Provide To Us
We may request personally identifying information from you in a variety of contexts .
For example , you may provide such data to us if you : ( 1 ) complete an online registration form ( e.g. , registering for an account , various sign-up forms for receiving email newsletters , registering for special offers , entering a contest/sweepstakes or responding to a survey ) ; ( 2 ) fill out an order form to request information ; ( 3 ) register to participate in message boards and chat rooms ( if any ) and other community features ; or ( 4 ) purchase any products or services from us or another Ultimate-Guitar.com business .
In such cases , the personally identifying information we request may include your name , email address , mailing address and zip code , phone number , and , where appropriate , a valid credit card number with expiration date ( collectively , `` Personal Information '' ) .
In addition , we may collect other non-personally identifying information such as your date of birth , gender , country of residence , language preference , hobbies and other information regarding your interaction with our site such as your viewing and listening habits , preferences and other customized activities in which you participate .
Of course , you never have to answer any of the questions we ask you ( nor choose to view or listen to any multimedia content or otherwise interact with our site ) , but refusal to do so may limit the products or services we can offer or provide to you .
When you provide Personal Information to us , we may use that data to create a `` My Profile '' page for you , which will be held in a database using reasonable security measures to protect the data from unauthorized access .
Others outside Ultimate-Guitar.com will not be allowed to see the data on your My Profile Page except with your consent ( see below ) .
If you register to set up an account , you will be able to access your My Profile page at any time in order to update your individual Personal Information listed therein ( see below under `` How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information ? '' for more details ) .
How Can Your Personal Information Be Used
When you purchase products or services from Ultimate-Guitar.com we will use your Personal Information to fulfill your order and for customer service .
Many online customers are particularly concerned about their credit card information , which we will share only as required by companies involved in your transaction ( e.g. , fulfillment , billing , mailing , storage or delivery services ) .
We will not share your credit card information with any other Ultimate-Guitar.com company or third party unless that company needs the number for the fulfillment or delivery of your order .
We do not rent , sell or share credit card information with promotional partners or other third parties .
We may have links to third party-operated sites that sell or license certain music , videos , or other goods mentioned , provided , or promoted on Ultimate-Guitar.com .
Ultimate-Guitar.com and Ultimate Guitar are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of sites not in our immediate control .
We may use your Personal Information and other non-personally identifying information we collect to update you about our products or services or to contact you about exciting offers of new products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
You always have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from us by opting out .
You may opt out by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive or by sending an email to and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
With Other Ultimate-Guitar.com-Related Companies
When you give Personal Information to Ultimate-Guitar.com , we may share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with other Ultimate-Guitar.com related companies .
As a result of this sharing , you may receive communications from other Ultimate-Guitar.com related companies that include offers of products or services tailored to your interests .
These communications might include , for example , emails or mailed literature about new products or services , promotions , discounts , sales , openings of new facilities or websites or other similar information .
You have the option to receive fewer or no communications in the future from other Ultimate-Guitar.com-related companies that we may provide your information to by following the instructions included in the specific communication you no longer wish to receive , or by sending an email to and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
Finally , without any specific approval from you , we may develop general aggregate data ( i.e. , data that can not be used to identify specific individuals ) about our user community that is partly based on information about you and your transactions with Ultimate-Guitar.com .
For example , hypothetically , you might be one of 1,000,000 customers between the ages of 25 and 35 .
We may share such aggregate statistics with other Ultimate-Guitar.com-related companies without your consent .
When you give Personal Information to Ultimate-Guitar.com in connection with a contest , we may share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with the sponsor or sponsors of such contest .
By entering a contest , you are allowing such sponsor or sponsors to use such Personal Information and to contact you in connection with the contest and in accordance with their own privacy policies .
When you give Personal Information to Ultimate-Guitar.com , we may ask you to allow us to share that data ( together with non-personally identifying information you may provide ) with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers .
In such instances , our general practice is to ask you to `` opt-in '' to share such data and information on , for example , a specific promotion , registration page or sweepstakes .
However , in some instances , we may ask you to `` opt-out '' from sharing such data and information with a given promotional partner or third party advertiser in connection with a specific promotion , registration page or sweepstakes .
If you prefer , you may give us blanket permission to share your Personal Information with all of our promotional partners and third-party advertisers .
Conversely , you may also choose not to allow us to share your Personal Information with any other companies outside Ultimate-Guitar.com .
If you consent to share your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers , you are allowing such parties to use such Personal Information and to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies .
You have the option to change your mind and to stop us from further sharing your Personal Information with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers by contacting and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
We will not retrieve any Personal Information shared with our promotional partners and third-party advertisers prior to your decision to opt-out .
If you wish to limit or discontinue receiving further communications from a promotional partner or third-party advertiser , please contact that company directly in the manner indicated in its own communications with you .
Without any specific approval from you , Ultimate-Guitar.com may develop general aggregate data ( i.e. , data that can not be used to identify specific individuals ) about you that is partly based on information about you and your transactions us .
We may share such aggregate statistics with promotional partners and third-party advertisers without your consent .
Finally , we may use your Personal Information in connection with third-party advertisers who serve ads to you while visiting an Ultimate-Guitar.com site .
These third-party advertisers may use your Personal Information ( not including any personally identifying information you may provide ) in order to generate advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
If you would like to know more about this practice and to obtain information about how third-party advertisers use your Personal Information to select advertisements please click here .
For Legal Enforcement Purposes
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information , including credit card information , as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Service for this site or may be causing injury to or interference ( intentionally or unintentionally ) with our company 's rights or property , other users of this site or anyone else who could be harmed by your activities .
In such circumstances , we will , where possible , require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of any Personal Information so disclosed .
As an Asset of Ultimate-Guitar.com
We thank you for entrusting us with your Personal Information , and also should inform you that for business purposes , the information that you provide and that we collect through your usage of the service is also an asset of Ultimate-Guitar.com and will become part of our normal business records .
If Ultimate-Guitar.com or a substantial part of our business is sold or otherwise transferred to a third party , such as a legal successor in interest , your Personal Information may be transferred to that third party .
How Can You Correct or Review Your Personal Information
You can access , review , update and correct Personal Information you have provided us by clicking on the My Profile tab at the top of this page .
If you prefer , you can also contact us by sending an email to and explaining how you would like to modify your preferences .
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
Ultimate-Guitar.com cares about the security of your Personal Information .
We follow generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use such Personal Information .
When you provide credit card information , we use secure socket layer ( SSL ) encryption for that data .
Despite many advances in information security technology and procedures , however , no commercially deployed method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we do strive to use modern and commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems .
For Parents Concerning the Privacy of Information on Their Children
We are a general audience site that does not knowingly collect data or accept registrations from children under 13 years of age .
Currently , we do not collect any age-specific data on our site .
If , in the future , we decide to collect any age-specific data on our site , we will , at a minimum , take reasonable steps to ensure that any users who may be under 13 years of age ( and who attempt to complete the registration process on our site ) are directed to another site within the Ultimate-Guitar.com family which specifically complies with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , or COPPA .
A `` cookie '' is a small text file that an Internet site can place on your computer 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
Cookies make using this site easier by , among other things , saving your passwords and preferences for you , keeping track of your shopping cart when you visit an online store or other similar purposes , and to help identify you whenever you return to our site , so you do not need to reenter your identification information .
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies .
However , you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent ( note : you may need to consult your browser 's `` Help '' area for instructions on how to do that ) .
If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie , some parts of this site will not function properly or may perform considerably slower .
For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty downloading tablatures , watching videos or utilizing the Community Forums .
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images ( called `` Clear GIFs '' , `` Single-Pixel GIFs '' , or `` Web Beacons '' ) that allow us to count page views or to access cookies .
In general , any electronic image viewed as part of a web page , including an ad banner , can act as a Clear GIF .
Typically , though , Clear GIFs are very small ( 1-by-1 pixel size ) files .
They are often invisible on a web page , but their presence can be detected within many Internet browsers by setting your browser to view web page `` sources '' .
Clear GIFs are so small in order not to use valuable space on the computer screen that is better used to display helpful content .
We may also include Clear GIFs in our email products in order to determine information about the opening and reading of such emails .
In addition , some advertising networks that serve ads on our web site may occasionally use Clear GIFs within banner advertisements .
Clear GIFs set by Ultimate-Guitar.com generally are not used to collect , gather , monitor , or share personal information about our users , though they can be used in conjunction with cookies to record particular actions .
We use Clear GIFs primarily to compile aggregated , anonymous statistics about web site or email product usage .
Some of the advertisements and other services that appear on our web site ( s ) are delivered to you by Internet advertising companies .
These companies utilize certain technologies including cookies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our sites and other web sites .
Message Boards , Chat Rooms and Instant Messaging
If you visit a message board , chat room or utilize an instant messaging service on this site , if any , you are solely responsible for the content of messages you post there .
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personal Information ( for example , your name , street address , email address , or telephone number ) on message boards , chat rooms or instant messaging services , that information can be read , collected and used by other users of these services and may result in unsolicited messages , both commercial and otherwise .
You agree that by participating in such online public forums , you will not use such forums for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Ultimate-Guitar.com community guidelines that may be in effect from time to time in connection with such service .
We reserve the right to terminate your access to this site or to take other protective steps if you violate those terms .
Links to Other Sites
We do not endorse and are not responsible for the content or practices of web sites operated by companies outside of Ultimate-Guitar.com that may be linked to this site .
You should not assume that their privacy policies or practices are the same as those followed by our company or by other Ultimate-Guitar.com companies .
Visitors to any such web sites should refer to their respective privacy policies and practices .
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about our Privacy Policy , you can contact our customer service department at .
When we receive such inquiries about our Privacy Policy , we will use the Personal Information ( such as your email address ) only to respond to your question or comment .
However , if your question raises one or more issues that affect our promotional partners , we may also share your question with them in order to provide a response .
Changes in This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify , alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time , so we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time .
When we make changes that we consider material in our privacy practices , we will notify you in this space .
We may also attempt to notify you of any such material changes to our privacy practices via email or by placing a notice on our home page .
Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
By using this site , you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Ultimate-Guitar.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy .

United Nations ' Privacy Notice
By accessing this site , certain information about the User , such as Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , navigation through the Site , the software used and the time spent , along with other similar information , will be stored on United Nations servers .
These will not specifically identify the User .
The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis .
If the User provides unique identifying information , such as name , address and other information on forms stored on this Site , such information will be used only for statistical purposes and will not be published for general access .
The United Nations , however , assumes no responsibility for the security of this information .

Your privacy is important to us
United Airlines is committed to protecting the privacy and personal data it receives from customers .
We want you to know that when you use one of the United family Internet Websites , and when you provide us with information off-line , the privacy of your personally identifiable information will be respected and protected .
While United strives to take reasonable measures to protect the privacy of our customers , this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations .
Rather , the following are guidelines for protecting the information you provide to us .
With respect to online transactions , this Privacy Policy applies to transactions conducted within the United States on united.com and any other website within the United ( United ) .
However , this policy does not apply to United Cargo transactions , including , but not limited to , those conducted on unitedcargo.com .
For the privacy policies of websites outside of the United family , like United Vacations , Orbitz , Travelocity , or Expedia , please see their websites for the policies that apply .
What information do we collect
United collects and maintains personally identifiable information about customers through our websites and through off-line transactions such as over the telephone , through a United reservations agent or other travel agent , and in person at United counters or at the United Club lounges .
Personally identifiable information includes , but is not limited to , your name , address , passport number , credit card numbers , phone numbers , and email address .
In addition , when you use our websites , certain user information and site activity data is collected .
Further details on the information we collect is described below .
When you enroll in MileagePlus , or if you are already a MileagePlus member , we collect specific information such as your name , address , phone numbers , email address , MileagePlus number , password and a password reminder .
Traveler 's profile information
When you enroll in MileagePlus or activate your MileagePlus account , an optional traveler profile can be created for your convenience .
You are not required to complete a profile to use our websites for your reservations .
In order to complete your traveler 's profile , the following information may be requested : credit card type , number , expiration date and billing address , telephone numbers , email addresses , general requests or special needs , travel preferences and loyalty program information .
It is not required that you be a MileagePlus member , activate your MileagePlus account on one of our websites , or complete a traveler 's profile in order to make reservations on one of our websites .
However , MileagePlus membership and a traveler 's profile will allow you to complete a reservation more quickly and give you online access to your MileagePlus account information , past transactions , and special services .
If you purchase as a guest , information such as billing , contact , and preferences will be collected in order to execute the transaction .
We occasionally sponsor promotions to give members the opportunity to win various prizes .
Information collected for promotions can include contact information , such as email address , and survey questions .
By using one of our websites , some information may automatically be collected by our web servers as you browse our site .
United also collects information by using technologies and methodologies that enable tracking , such as cookies .
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser .
Web beacons ( also called `` pixel tags '' ) are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring information .
Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the appropriate information , advertisements and services .
Additional information about the use of cookies is described below .
In general , you can visit most parts of our websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself .
Our web servers identify the domain names and IP addresses of visitors , where applicable , but this is not captured as personally identifiable information .
Off-line purchases : Reservations by telephone , travel agent or ticket counter
In order to book your reservation with a United reservations agent , a travel agent ( including online travel agents outside of the United family ) , or a customer service representative ( collectively , Reservations Agents ) , Reservations Agents collect data such as credit card numbers , passport numbers , birth date , name , addresses , email addresses , and telephone numbers .
Telephone calls to Reservations Agents may be monitored and/or recorded and by continuing with the call , you are deemed to consent to such monitoring and/or recording .
United may collect personally identifiable information such as name , addresses , email addresses , telephone numbers , and credit card numbers , in order to provide service to members of its United Club .
If a medical or other emergency occurs while onboard , boarding , or disembarking a United aircraft , United may share customer information with third-party medical or other safety personnel as necessary .
Additionally , United may collect credit card and MileagePlus information in-flight to enable present and/or future purchases .
Due to the nature of our services , travel purchase informationincluding personal informationmay be collected by United from children under the age of 13 when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety or security reasons , or as otherwise necessary for United to provide services .
We may retain personal information when necessary to provide transportation to a child under 13 .
United does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 other than when necessary to comply with federal aviation or security regulations or for safety and security reasons .
This will unsubscribe the child from any marketing or promotional opportunities .
How do we use your information
United uses personal information collected in conjunction with registration or purchases on our websites and off-line purchases and transactions to complete transactions and fulfill requests for services .
We also use your personal information to provide you with a more effective customer experience .
In order to do this , United may process your information or combine it with other information that we have about you or that is publicly available .
In addition , United may share this information with third parties for the purpose of providing you with services , information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you from United and such third parties and for advertising products and services on third party sites .
We require strict contractual obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the privacy and security of the information which are at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy in handling your information .
Aggregate information such as demographic information , domain names , other site traffic information , etc . may at times be shared with United partners or other third parties .
Examples of aggregate information are X % of eligible tickets purchased are eTickets ; X % of subscribers are America Online users , etc .
Aggregate information does not include personally identifiable information .
Information collected during transactions
We provide information collected from you to airlines , car rental agencies , hotels , travel agencies or other contracted third parties to facilitate the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements or for the specific purpose for which you provided the information .
As an added service , subject to your opting out as described below , your purchase behavior may also be analyzed to identify and present custom offers that may be of interest to you .
Information collected from MileagePlus members is used to enroll you in MileagePlus and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for travel purchases for participating flights and other MileagePlus participating vendor ( partner ) activities .
This information is also used to communicate with you on your MileagePlus account status and notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible .
On occasion , we may provide customer mailing list and email addresses to reputable , carefully-screened MileagePlus partners or other companies whose services or products may be of interest to you .
( You may unsubscribe by Opting-Out , as described below . )
Sharing of customer lists may also provide you with the opportunity to earn bonus miles for non-flight activity .
As indicated , we require strict contractual obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the privacy and security of the information which are at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy in handling your information .
Traveler 's profile information
We use traveler 's profile information to perform a number of functions including 1 ) pre-filling certain data fields to eliminate you from having to type the same information multiple times , 2 ) performing certain booking functions , 3 ) billing you for your reservation , 4 ) sending you offers that may be of value unless you opt out , as described below and 5 ) notifying you of a flight change , reservation confirmation or a special fare offering .
We use email addresses to provide information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you from United or third parties and to deliver information relevant to our customers , such as fare specials , reservation confirmations , surveys , account information , notification services , and for administrative reasons .
As a MileagePlus member , a registered user of one of our websites , or contest entrant , you occasionally will receive emails about fare sales , special offers , new services and other noteworthy news items .
We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative .
Of course , if you would rather not receive this information , you may opt-out of receiving such emails as described below .
Online surveys and promotions
We value the opinions of our customers and want to improve your travel experience and our service offerings ; therefore , from time to time , we will conduct research surveys .
We may also contract with third parties to perform the research , but the use of the customer data by that third party is limited solely to that survey initiative and is protected by a confidentiality agreement .
Generally , unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey , contact information collected for promotions is used to notify promotion winners , and survey information and results are used to develop improved promotions and other service enhancements .
Flight status alerts / Wireless services
Our customers can register for Flight status alerts and other wireless services by providing basic flight information and other relevant information .
Wherever possible , information already provided will be used for the delivery of these services .
Participation in Flight status alerts and other wireless services is optional .
Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the appropriate information , advertisements and services .
We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request and to authenticate your authority to access the site .
If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number , the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number .
We also use cookies and web beacons to track the usage of our websites in order to improve the site according to our customers ' needs .
United may enter into agreements with third party companies to serve advertisements and information to site users .
United may use its cookies and web beacons when working with these companies to provide them information regarding use of the site or to serve you advertisements when you visit our site .
These companies may use the non-personally identifiable information about your visit to make available goods and services of interest to you .
In addition , some third-party advertising technology used by United to deliver advertisements may employ a separate cookie .
This technology may be delivered via visits to our website , email messages , or otherwise .
This technology uses non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this website and other websites as well as information about your methods of communication with us in order to provide you with more relevant information , advertisements , or services .
Web beacons on some pages of our site , in conjunction with these advertising cookies and our other cookies , enable the third party advertising technology to better understand onsite activity in the aggregate , to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site or other sites , and to learn which advertisements bring users to our website or otherwise take action .
If you do not want your non-personally identifiable information to be used to provide you with more relevant information , advertisements , or services , you can change the settings on your Internet browser to reject cookies and this will also disable our web beacons .
Please consult your chosen Internet browser for instructions on how to change your cookie handling settings .
If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your MileagePlus number , the cookie stored on your computer will contain your MileagePlus number .
While most people accept cookies , you can configure your browser to not accept cookies from us or from third party companies , like the third party ad servers .
If you choose not to accept our cookies , however , and are a registered user , you will not have access to your personal information on this site such as your user profile , itineraries , award travel , upgrades and MileagePlus summary information .
Although you can not log into the site as a registered user if you disable our cookies , you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a guest .
It is important to note that some website functionality may not function properly if your browser does not accept cookies .
Information regarding domain names is aggregated to measure the number of visits , average time spent on the site , pages viewed and similar site usage information in order to know how to improve the site 's content .
No information we collect from children known to be under the age of 13 is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever , by either us , our affiliates , or our third party sponsors .
We use the information collected about children known to be under 13 only to provide services .
We will give out personal information about children if required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena or to protect the safety and security of visitors and our sites .
Law Enforcement / Legal processes / Other uses
United may disclose personal information if required to do so by law , court order , subpoena or other legal process , as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority , when it is necessary to protect the rights or property of United , our customers , our websites , or their users , or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable .
How can you access your information
If you are registered on one of our websites , you can create , view or update your Traveler 's Profile and MileagePlus account by accessing them through the United family website Log-in .
If you are not registered on one of our websites , you can review and request changes to your personally identifiable information collected by United by calling 1-800-421-4655 .
How is the information collected online protected
United maintains strict physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information and regularly reviews its security standards and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to personal information .
When you place orders to purchase services or access your MileagePlus account information , we use secure servers to protect your personal information .
Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) software encrypts the personal information that is transmitted between you and our websites .
Although United takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your private information , it can not be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access , and United makes no warranty , express , implied , or otherwise , that we will prevent unauthorized access to your private information .
How can you opt out
If you are a MileagePlus member and do not want United to use or share your personal information for the purpose of sending you marketing or promotion related direct mail or e-mails from United , you can opt out at any time by going to the United family website you are using and update your preferences accordingly .
In addition , emails sent to you will also contain a message on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future .
Regardless of your opt-out preferences , we reserve the right to send you emails or other electronic messages for administrative purposes .
This Privacy Policy , to the extent it covers Internet use , covers only the United family websites and does not cover any other site , including those related to this site such as unitedvacations.com , unitedcargo.com or the non-U.S. United sites , nor does this policy apply to unitedcontinentalholdings.com .
While we make every effort to protect your information on our websites , we do not control the policies of other sites ( including those we may link to ) .
We have no control over other sites ' privacy policies or use of any personal information you or others may share with them .
Please do not assume that our Privacy Policy covers those other sites .
Protect your personal information
In order to protect your privacy and United 's proprietary databases and systems , we recommend that you not share any of your personally identifiable information , such as MileagePlus number or password , with any third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to sensitive account information .
How can you contact us
If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy , submit your inquiry to United Customer Service .
Please reference this Privacy Policy in those communications .
Legal effect and changes to the policy
As indicated , this Privacy Policy is not a contract nor does it otherwise create any legal rights or obligations .
Rather , this Privacy Policy merely reflects guidelines setting forth United 's intended business practices .
However , by using this website , and/or by providing personal information to United online or off-line , you consent to the collection and use of such information by United , its affiliates , partners , contractors and permitted agents as herein described and consistent with applicable laws .
Also , United , in its discretion , may amend , interpret , modify , or withdraw any portion of this Privacy Policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site , and your continued use constitutes your consent to those changes .
A version of this Privacy Policy has been effective since October 15 , 2002 , and was last updated on November 13 , 2013 .
Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy .

By accessing this Site , certain information about the User , such as Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , navigation through the Site , the software used and the time spent , along with other similar information , will be stored on United Nations and web analytics servers .
This information will not specifically identify the User .
The information will be used internally only for website traffic analysis .
If the User provides unique identifying information , such as name , address and other information on forms stored on this Site , such information will be used only for statistical purposes and will not be published for general access .
The United Nations , however , assumes no responsibility for the security of this information .

The Office of University Communications at the University of Pennsylvania provides access to services and information online in a manner that respects and protects your privacy .
This statement describes our information-collection practices and explains how we use and protect your personal information .
This statement applies only to information collected by this website .
What we collect and why
We collect these types of information about you :
Auto-collected information ( web logs ) .
The following information is automatically collected : the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website , the date and time of your visit and the pages you visited on our site .
This information helps us understand aggregate uses of our site , track usage trends and improve our services but only after any user-identifiable information has been removed .
Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users ' hard drives to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication .
The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user .
Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns .
This information is used in the aggregate to monitor and enhance the Penn web pages .
It is not used to track the usage patterns of individual users .
Our office is committed to ensuring the security of your information .
We have put in place reasonable physical , technical and administrative safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the information collected online .
We will not share your information with third parties except :
as required by law
as necessary to protect the University 's interests
with service providers acting on our behalf who have agreed to protect the confidentiality of the data
Links to other websites
This site may contain links to other websites not affiliated with our office .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites , including other University of Pennsylvania sites .
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other sites for assurance that their practices safeguard your privacy .
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time and will post the changes on this webpage .
Office of Audit , Compliance and Privacy
Guidelines for creating website privacy statements ( PDF file ) .
We welcome suggestions and questions about our privacy statement .
Please send them to

We at United Parcel Service , Inc. , along with our subsidiaries and affiliates ( collectively , `` UPS '' ) , respect your concerns about privacy .
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect about our consumers , how we may use the information and with whom we may share it .
The notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information .
In addition , we tell you how you can ask us to ( i ) access or change the personal information we maintain about you , ( ii ) withdraw consent you previously provided to us , ( iii ) refrain from sending you certain communications , and ( iv ) answer questions you may have about our privacy practices .
This notice does not apply to The UPS Store or any other retail location .
Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements .
You can view certain country-specific information by selecting the Addendum link below .
Select one of the links below to jump to the listed section :
How We Use The Information We Obtain
Links To Other Websites
How We Protect Personal Information
Updates To Our Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us
UPS : Privacy Notice - EEA Addendum
We may obtain personal information about our consumers ( such as name , contact details and payment information ) in connection with various activities such as ( i ) use of the UPS websites , ( ii ) shipping activities , including delivery and pickup of shipments , ( iii ) requests to track shipments or answer questions , ( iv ) events in which we participate , and ( v ) promotions and other offers .
The types of personal information we may obtain include :
Individual and business contact information ( such as name , company name , physical address , email address , and telephone or fax number )
Shipping information ( such as ( i ) shipping-related contact details like the shipper 's and consignee 's name , physical address , email address and telephone number , ( ii ) signature for proof of delivery , ( iii ) UPS account number , and ( iv ) information given to us that helps us access locations to which we provide service ) and information provided to us regarding the content of certain shipments , but only to the extent an identifiable person can be linked to such content
Information that enables us to verify your identity
Names , email addresses and telephone numbers of others to whom we are asked to send information
Username and password to access UPS products and services online
Payment information ( including payment card details or online payment services number and billing address ) and financial information ( such as bank account number )
Tax identification number in circumstances in which you request products or services for which this information is required , or in connection with certain promotions or sweepstakes
Other personal information that may be provided to us to obtain a UPS product or service
When we pick up or deliver a shipment or provide other services , we may obtain physical location data .
This includes , for example , data identifying the actual location of a physical address using information such as GPS data , geocodes , latitude and longitude information , and images of the various locations .
In addition , when you visit our websites , we may collect certain information by automated means , such as cookies and web beacons .
The information we collect in this manner includes IP address , browser characteristics , device characteristics , operating system , language preferences , referring URLs , information on actions taken on our site , and dates and times of website visits .
A `` cookie '' is a text file that websites send to a visitor 's computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor 's browser or to store information or settings in the browser .
A `` web beacon '' also known as an Internet tag , pixel tag or clear GIF , links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server .
Through these automated collection methods , we obtain `` clickstream data , '' which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website .
As the visitor clicks through the website , a record of the action may be collected and stored .
We may link certain data elements we have collected through automated means , such as your browser information , with other information we have obtained about you to let us know , for example , whether you have opened an email we sent to you .
We also may use third-party website analytics tools that collect information about visitor traffic on our websites .
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies .
Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites .
How We Use The Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain to :
Pick up , deliver and track shipments
Provide products and services you request ( such as logistics , supply chain management , customs clearance and brokerage services , and financial services )
Process and collect payments
Provide customer support and respond to and communicate with you about your requests , questions and comments
Establish and manage your UPS account ( including your online account on UPS.com and its various features , such as the address book and the UPS Billing Center )
Offer you products and services we believe may interest you
Communicate about , and administer your participation in , special events , programs , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , and other offers or promotions
Enable you to post on our blogs and interact with UPS through social media
Send information to your contacts if you ask us to do so
Process claims we receive in connection with our services
Operate , evaluate and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; determining the effectiveness of our sales , marketing and advertising ; analyzing and enhancing our products , services and websites ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities )
Perform data analyses ( including market and consumer search , trend analysis , financial analysis , and anonymization of personal information )
Protect against , identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity , claims and other liabilities
Comply with applicable legal requirements and our policies
In addition , we use information collected online through cookies , web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as ( i ) customizing our users ' visits to our websites , ( ii ) delivering content ( including advertising ) tailored to our users ' interests and the manner in which our users browse our websites , and ( iii ) managing our business .
We may supplement data we collect through automated means with information about your location ( such as your zip code ) to provide you with content that may be of interest to you .
We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems , administer our websites , identify users of our websites , and gather demographic information about our users .
We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our websites , how users navigate through our websites , and how we may tailor our websites to better meet the needs of our users .
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection .
On our websites , we may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests .
This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices .
You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks .
Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic , interest-based and contextual means .
These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of cookies , web server logs and web beacons .
The networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests .
The information our ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks , such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites .
This data collection takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks .
This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts .
To learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising , select here .
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you , except as described in this Privacy Notice .
To perform our pick-up and delivery services , we share shipping information with third parties such as shippers , consignees , third party payors and recipients .
We also share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions .
These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements .
We also may share the personal information we obtain with our affiliates , franchisees , resellers and joint marketing partners .
These entities , which collectively are referred to here as the `` UPS Business Partners , '' may use the information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice .
We may share physical location data with our UPS Business Partners and other third parties to , for example , enhance location-based services and develop accurate and up-to-date maps .
In addition , except as described below , unless you object , we may share other personal information with third parties who are not UPS Business Partners for those parties ' own purposes , such as to offer products or services that may interest you .
Many of our customers outsource all or a part of their supply chains to us .
Through our forwarding and logistics business units , we manage these supply chains , focusing on supply chain optimization , freight forwarding , and international trade and brokerage services for our customers worldwide ( including a broad range of transportation solutions such as air , ocean and ground freight ) .
We also provide information technology systems and distribution facilities adapted to the unique supply chains of specific industries such as health care , technology and consumer/retail businesses .
In the course of providing forwarding and logistics services , we may obtain , use and disclose personal information about our customers ' customers .
In these circumstances , we process the information based on the agreement with our customer .
We also may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or legal process ( such as a court order or subpoena ) , ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as law enforcement authorities , or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity .
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets ( including in the event of a reorganization , dissolution or liquidation ) .
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you .
You may choose not to receive marketing email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails , selecting the Email Unsubscribe link below , adjusting your email preferences in your profile in My UPS , or contacting us as specified in the `` How To Contact Us '' section below .
You also may ask us not to send you other marketing communications by contacting us as specified in the `` How To Contact Us '' section below , and we will honor your request .
Consistent with the choices available in the `` Information We Share '' section , you may withdraw your consent or object to certain information sharing by selecting the Privacy Preferences Center link below or by contacting us as indicated below .
In addition , as required by law , you may object at any time on legitimate grounds and free of charge to the processing of your personal information , and we will apply your preferences going forward .
To learn more about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising , please visit the consumer opt-out page at :
View the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising
If you are a California resident , you may ask us to refrain from sharing your personal information with certain of our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing purposes .
Please tell us your preference by contacting us as specified below .
Subject to applicable law , ( i ) you may obtain a copy of certain personal information we maintain about you or update or correct inaccuracies in that information through your My UPS account on UPS.com or ( ii ) you may have the right to obtain access to personal information we maintain about you by contacting us as indicated in the `` How To Contact Us '' section of this Privacy Notice .
To help protect your privacy and maintain security , we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information .
In addition , if you believe that personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate , subject to applicable law , you may have the right to request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated below .
Links To Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information .
These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with UPS .
Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites .
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with UPS , any use of those websites , or the privacy practices of those websites .
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected .
Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information .
When we transfer your information to other countries , we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice and in accordance with applicable law .
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use .
Although we take steps to limit access to our facilities and vehicles to authorized individuals , information that is located on the outside of a package or letter may be visible to others .
Updates To Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices .
We will post a prominent notice on our websites to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated .
How To Contact Us
You also may write to us at :
Attention : Global Privacy Manager
55 Glenlake Parkway , NE
Atlanta , GA 30328
If you are located in Europe , please write to :
Attention : Global Privacy Manager
UPS : Privacy Notice - EEA Addendum
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area ( `` EEA '' ) , the following additional EEA-specific provisions apply to our processing of your personal information .
For EEA residents , the provisions of this EEA Addendum prevail over conflicting provisions in the Privacy Notice .
We process names , email addresses and telephone numbers of others to whom we are asked to send information on the assumption that the person who provided the information obtained it in accordance with applicable law .
If this assumption is incorrect , please do not ask us to send information to third parties on your behalf .
To the extent required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent before collecting information by automated means using cookies or similar devices .
How We Use The Information We Obtain
If we use your information for marketing purposes ( as described in the Privacy Notice ) , you may object to the use of your information for such purposes , free of charge and in a simple manner , at the time of its collection and at the time of each marketing communication to you .
We will honor your request .
We will not provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent .
In addition to the right to access and correct your personal information , you have the right to have your information blocked or deleted in accordance with applicable law .

Urban Dictionary , LLC ( `` Urban Dictionary '' , `` we '' or `` us '' ) collects ( a ) the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail , ( b ) aggregate information concerning what pages users access or visit , ( c ) information volunteered by the user ( such as survey information and/or site registrations ) and ( d ) information related to your use of the site , including IP address , geographic location and date and time of your request .
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Website and the quality of our service , and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes , except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
* It is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law .
* We transfer information about you if Urban Dictionary is acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event , Urban Dictionary will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
* We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf .
When this is done , it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
* We provide such information to third parties who have entered into non-disclosure agreements with us .
* We provide such information to a company controlled by , or under common control with , Urban Dictionary for any purpose permitted by this Privacy Policy .
Information Gathering and Usage
When you submit a posting to Urban Dictionary we ask for information such as your email address and name .
Urban Dictionary uses collected information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , identification and authentication , services improvement , contact , and research .
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , which is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Cookies are required to use some Urban Dictionary services .
Urban Dictionary and its ad management partners ( `` Ad Partners '' ) use cookies to record current session information .
Our Ad Partners may also from time to time use web beacons ( also known as Internet tags , pixel tags and clear GIFs ) .
These web beacons are provided by our Ad Partners and allow Ad Partners to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears , the URL of the page on which the beacon appears , the time the page containing the beacon was viewed , the type of browser used to view the page and the information in cookies set by the Ad Partners .
Web beacons enable our Ad Partners to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser , which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Website .
With both cookies and web beacon technology , the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable .
It does not contain your name , address , telephone number , or email address .
Urban Dictionary uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware , software , networking , storage , and related technology required to run Urban Dictionary .
Urban Dictionary owns the code , databases , and all rights to the Urban Dictionary application .
We take precautions to ensure the security of your personal information .
However , we can not guarantee that hackers or unauthorized personnel may gain access to your personal information despite our efforts .
You should note that in using the Urban Dictionary service , your information will travel through third party infrastructures which are not under our control .
We can not protect , nor does this Privacy Policy apply to , any information that you transmit to other users .
You should never transmit personal or identifying information to other users .
The Urban Dictionary service is not intended for children under 13 , and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 .
Children aged 13 or older should not submit any personal information without the permission of their parents or guardians .
By using the Urban Dictionary service , you are representing that you are at least 18 , or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents ' or guardians ' permission to use the service .
Urban Dictionary may periodically update this policy .
We may notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site .
Or by mail at : Urban Dictionary LLC , Attn : Privacy Policy Inquiries , PO Box 7775 , ECM # 82617 , San Francisco , CA 94120
Updated : November 2008
Copyright 2008 Urban Dictionary , LLC

WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT ?
UrbanOutfitters.com collects customer information in an effort to improve our customers shopping experience , to communicate with our customers about our products , services and promotions , and to enhance and improve the performance and accuracy of our operations and website .
We collect information such as your name , e-mail and postal address and credit card numbers , that you provide to us when you place an order , when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes , promotion or survey .
UrbanOutfitters.com may use your information collected online to process and fulfill your order .
We also collect e-mail addresses at various locations within the site including when you order from the site so that we can send you any necessary e-mail messages related to your order such as an order confirmation notice , as well as send you other information that we believe may be of interest to you .
In addition , we maintain a record of your product interests , purchases and whatever else might enable us to enhance and personalize your shopping experience .
We also monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site design , the products and services we offer and the way in which we offer them .
UrbanOutfitters.com recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly .
To serve you better and improve our performance , we may combine information you give us online , in our stores or through our catalogs .
We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with select partners and others .
By combining this information we are better able to communicate with you about our products , special events and promotional purposes and to personalize your shopping experience .
Urban Outfitters does share information you provide to us when you participate in a sweepstakes with those companies with whom we have joined to offer these promotions as well as other companies whose promotions we think will interest you .
We may disclose information about you to other members of the Urban Outfitters corporate family and as required by law .
In addition , we may on occasion share a portion of our postal mailing list with other reputable organizations not owned or affiliated with Urban Outfitters who want to market products or services to you .
If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations or you no longer wish to receive Urban Outfitters catalogs , please contact us at 800-282-2200 .
You can always update or delete your personal information on our web site .
Simply click View Your Account in the menu at the top of each page on our site , log in , and you 'll be able to edit or change your information .
Please be sure to include your e-mail address , full name and password .
We may also use various mechanisms to track activity on our website , including cookies or web beacons , sometimes in connection with select partners .
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website .
A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie .
We use the information collected by these technologies to study use of our website , to refine and improve our customer service and performance , and to detect and prevent misuse or fraud .
These and other technologies also allow delivery of advertising that directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you .
You may also delete cookies , including those associated with web beacons , by following the directions in your browser software .
If you delete your cookies , use a different browser , or buy a new computer , some functionality of the website may change , and you may need to renew an opt-out choice if you have made one .
We or our partners may use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies .
A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer .
We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings .
Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys .
They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers .
They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable .
We also use other methods of automatic collection to determine information about visitors to our website , including the IP address , browser , language preferences , and computer identification numbers .
We use the information obtained using these tools to provide better customer service , enhance our product offerings , and detect potential misuse or fraud .
We do not share credit card information with third parties except for the purpose of processing payment for products you 've ordered and as required by law .
In addition , we may disclose credit card and other information we collect from you with an outside company with which we have contracted for their services to protect against fraud and the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards .
If you are under the age of 13 , you are not permitted to submit any personal information to UrbanOutfitters.com .
UrbanOutfitters.com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older .
We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13 .
When ordering with us , we undertake steps to secure our customers personal information and credit card data .
On UrbanOutfitters.com , we employ 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology that encrypts all of your private information when placing an order and transmitting that information to our systems to be processed .

USA.gov does n't collect personal information when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you visit USA.gov , we may store some or all of the following : the Internet protocol address from which you access USA.gov , date and time , the name of the web site from which you linked to USA.gov , the name of the file or words you searched , items clicked on a page , and the browser and operating system used .
This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas .
We also use this information to help us develop the site , analyze patterns of usage , and to make the site more useful .
This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users .
USA.gov may anonymize and provide this information to third party entities for the purposes of research analysis .
Use of Persistent Cookies
Like many websites , USA.gov uses `` persistent cookie '' technology .
A persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your computer so that it can remember you when you show up again laterkind of like cookie crumbs ! ( Hence the name . )
We use persistent cookies in two ways , both of which enhance your experience on USA.gov while also protecting your privacy :
To remember you when you come back to the site , so we do n't invite you to take our customer satisfaction survey every time you visit .
Our customer satisfaction survey uses a persistent cookie to ensure we wo n't invite you to take a customer satisfaction survey within 90 days of completing a survey on USA.gov .
To get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better .
We use web metrics services to track activity on USA.gov .
Government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate .
Most Internet browsers automatically accept persistent cookies .
Although we think using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you , this site will also work without them .
If you do n't want to accept cookies , you can edit your browser 's options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit ; here 's how to disable cookies .
If You Send Us Personal Information
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to your request .
The only personal information that we collect is what you decide to give us by ordering publications , sending us an e-mail , or subscribing to our e-mail or SMS subscription services .
If you choose to provide us with personal information like filling out a Contact Us form , with an e-mail address and ZIP code , and submitting it to us through the website we use that information to respond to your message , and to help get you the information you requested .
Similarly , if you order a publication from us , we will collect your name , and mailing address to fulfill your order .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
USA.gov never collects information or creates individual profiles for commercial marketing .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
USA.gov links to many websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations as outlined in our Linking Policy .
If you click a link to an outside website , such as Facebook or YouTube , you will leave the USA.gov site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website .
While USA.gov manages presence on social media sites ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter , YouTube ) in order to share government information and engage with the public , we do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information through those sites .
We also do not use personal information made available by the user to these third-party sites .
USA.gov will not link to any website that exhibits hate , bias , or discrimination .
USA.gov reserves the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims , or is determined to be in conflict with USA.gov 's mission or policies .
The information posted on the USA.gov website includes hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations .
USA.gov provides these links and pointers solely for our users ' information and convenience .
When users select a link to an outside website , they are leaving the USA.gov site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website .
The General Services Administration ( GSA ) and USA.gov do not control or guarantee the accuracy , relevance , timeliness , or completeness of information contained on a linked website .
GSA and USA.gov do not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer .
GSA and USA.gov can not authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites .
Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website .
GSA and USA.gov are not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites .
GSA and USA.gov do not guarantee that outside websites comply with Section 508 ( accessibility requirements ) of the Rehabilitation Act .

USAA Privacy PromiseReach a Representative
Print | Revised Jan. 2011
What does USAA do with your personal information
Why ? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information .
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some , but not all sharing .
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect , share and protect your personal information .
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do .
What ? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us .
This information can include :
Social Security number and income .
Account balances and account transactions .
Credit history and insurance claim history .
How ? All financial companies need to share customers ' personal information to run their everyday business as permitted by law .
For example , we share with print and mail companies that assist us in sending mail .
In the section below , we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers ' personal information , the reasons USAA chooses to share and whether you can limit this sharing .
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does USAA share ? Can you limit this sharing ?
For our everyday business purposes
such as to process your transactions , maintain your accounts , respond to court orders and legal investigations , or report to credit bureaus Yes No
For our marketing purposes
to offer products and services provided or endorsed by USAA Yes No
sharing with other financial companies to jointly market the other company 's products or services No We do not share
For everyday business purposes of the USAA family of companies
this can include information about your USAA transactions and experiences Yes No
For everyday business purposes of the USAA family of companies
this can include information about your creditworthiness or insurability Yes Yes*
For non-USAA companies to market to you No We do not share
To limit our sharing
Visit us online : usaa.com/optout , or
Call 1-800-531-7154 our menu will prompt you through your choices .
You can contact us at any time to limit our sharing .
When you are no longer our customer , we continue to share and protect your information as described in this notice .
*Please note : If you are a new customer , we can begin sharing this information among the USAA family of companies 30 days from the date we provided this notice .
Questions ? Call 1-800-531-7154 and ask to speak to a representative .
Who is providing this notice ? United Services Automobile Association ( USAA ) and its family of companies , including companies identified with the USAA name and logo and Garrison Property and Casualty Insurance Company .
How does USAA protect my personal information ? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use , we use security measures that comply with federal laws .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings .
How does USAA collect my personal information ? We collect your personal information , for example , when you :
Open an account , or deposit money .
Pay your bills , or apply for a loan or insurance .
Use your credit or debit card , or direct us to sell securities .
We also collect your personal information from others , such as credit bureaus , affiliates or other companies .
Why ca n't I limit all sharing ? Federal laws give you the right to limit only :
Sharing among affiliated companies for everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness and insurability .
Affiliates from using your information to market to you .
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you .
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else ? Your choices will apply to everyone on your account .
USAA family of companies ( affiliates ) Companies owned or controlled by USAA .
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies in the USAA family of companies .
The USAA family of companies include : companies with a USAA name ; financial companies , such as USAA Savings Bank and Garrison Property and Casualty Insurance Company ; and non-financial companies , such as USAA Alliance Services Company and USAA Educational Foundation .
Non-USAA companies ( nonaffiliates ) Companies not related by common ownership or control .
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies .
USAA does not share with non-USAA companies so they can market their products to you .
Joint marketing A formal agreement between a USAA company and a non-USAA financial company to market the non-USAA company 's products or services to you .
We need to share with print and mail companies to send these communications .
We only share with non-USAA financial companies to service transactions you request .
Depending on where you live and what products you own , you may receive another privacy notice that describes additional rights .
Your Choice to Limit USAA Marketing
Who is providing this notice The USAA family of companies is providing this notice .
This includes USAA companies that provide insurance , banking , investments , financial planning and member services .
Your right to limit marketing Federal law gives you the right to limit some , but not all , marketing from USAA and requires us to give you this notice .
If you limit marketing you will continue to receive :
A response when you contact us about a product .
Communication from the companies you do business with .
Communication sent to the general public , or to all members .
Information used for marketing You may limit companies in the USAA family from marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information they receive from other USAA companies .
This information may include your :
Account transactions or insurance transactions
Credit history or driving history
The information used will vary , depending on the product marketed .
Renewal of your choice Your choice to limit marketing offers from the USAA companies will apply for at least 5 years .
Before your choice expires , you will receive a renewal notice allowing you to continue to limit marketing offers from the USAA companies for another 5 years .
Opting out To limit marketing offers :
Visit us online at usaa.com/optout , or
Call 1-800-531-7154 our menu will prompt you through your choices .

US Airways Privacy Policy
Date effective : July 19 , 2013
We respect your privacy
Thank you for your interest in US Airways .
Your privacy is important to us .
As part of our corporate commitment to respect your privacy , this Privacy Policy explains what information we collect from or about you and your devices , how we use and disclose it , and the choices you have about that .
This Privacy Policy applies to the usairways.com website , US Airways mobile website , US Airways mobile application ( the 'US Airways App ' ) and all related sites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including from mobile devices ( collectively , 'Sites and Services ' ) .
Where our information practices apply uniquely to your interactions via the US Airways App , or with our websites , we have tried to so indicate in this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations .
Rather , this Privacy Policy communicates US Airways ' intended business practices with respect to information collected from and about visitors to ( and users of ) the Sites and Services in the course of offering , promoting , and selling our services to the public .
This Privacy Policy and the underlying information practices are subject to change at any time .
We will notify users of any substantial changes by updating the Privacy Policy here with an announcement on our home page when such changes are made .
This page will be updated to reflect any such changes so you should review this page regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy .
Types of information we collect and how we collect it
In order to sell and promote commercial air travel and other products and services , we collect and maintain certain information about you and your device ( s ) as you interact with our Sites and Services .
We collect some information from you directly ( i.e. , when you book a flight or create a frequent flier profile ) , and other information by automated means from your computer , smartphone , or other device you use to access our websites or mobile applications .
Information you directly provide to us
We actively collect the following information which you are solicited to provide in the course of purchasing flights , making or changing reservations , registering for or utilizing a Dividend Miles membership , participating in promotions or sweepstakes , and otherwise interacting with our Sites and Services :
Name , address , telephone numbers
Cell phone , fax and pager numbers
Credit/debit card number ( s ) , associated billing address , expiration date ( s ) and security code ( s )
Passport number , nationality and country of residence
Dividend Miles account number and flight information
Travel-related details such as travel company , travel companion ( s ) , emergency contact ( s ) , seating preferences , and special dietary requests or medical needs
Information from the use of products and services , such as online check-in , ancillary purchases , flight status notifications , and self-service devices
Information provided via participation in surveys , focus groups , contests , sweepstakes and other promotional or marketing efforts
Corporate contract , employer and/or other corporate affiliation ( for example , employer name , title , address and contact information )
Information we collect about your computer/other devices
In the course of offering the Sites and Services , we may use cookies or other similar technologies that are necessary to your access and use of the Sites and Services , to assess performance , to enhance functionality and to deliver content , including advertisements , tailored to your interests on our site or third party sites , as described below .
You can learn more about cookies , web beacons such as pixel tags and Clear GIFs , or other tracking technologies by visiting the online resource All About Cookies .
We use session cookies , which are temporary and exist while a visitor is reading and navigating our websites , then are normally deleted when you close your browser .
None of these cookies collect or store personally identifying information such as contact information or the credit card number associated with your profile or purchase .
Instead , these technologies allow access to the Sites and Services , prevent fraudulent activity and improve security , or allow you to book flights or otherwise interact with our Sites and Services .
We use cookies or other tracking technologies to allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Sites and Services , which may include recognizing and identifying you or your device when you sign in , and keeping track of your preferences or settings such as language , interests or past transactions so that we may enhance your experience with our Sites and Services .
We use cookies that collect information about how you use the Sites and Services , such as the type of device , the operating system , the location , browser types , internet service providers ( ISPs ) , pages visited , frequency of visits , and the number of clicks , and information about your interactions with our Sites and Services .
These technologies allow us to measure whether a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our websites and other sites were effective , for example and generally help us to understand how visitors use our Sites and Services , and allow us to improve our Sites and Services .
We use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons or similar tracking technologies to deliver content , including advertisements relevant to your interests on our websites or third-party sites .
The Advertising or Targeting-Related tracking technologies allow US Airways and select partners ( described in more detail in 'Your choices : Cookie management ' below ) to automatically receive certain types of information about your device or your interactions with our Sites and Services .
If you are a Dividend Miles member , we may link this device or behavioral information with your member profile or other information about you which you provide , such as in the course of creating a profile or making a reservation or purchasing services for the purpose of serving advertisements targeted to your interests or profile at usairways.com and elsewhere on the internet .
If you wish to disable , block , or reject cookies or other tracking technologies , please see the 'Cookie management : Your choices ' section below , though this may affect the quality of service we can provide you .
We offer our customers a frequent flier program called Dividend Miles , which offers travel rewards ( i.e. , mileage credit used for redeeming travel on US Airways or other airline partner travel ) , convenience , access to services , and special offers for members .
In addition to eligibility for these program benefits , customers who create a Dividend Miles account profile can personalize and improve their online or mobile experiences by receiving access to specialized areas of the Sites and Services , including the Dividend Miles and Dividend Miles 'Book award travel ' areas .
We also sell mileage credits to our partners that participate in the Dividend Miles program such as credit card companies , hotels , car rental agencies , retailers and dining rewards programs .
We share with these partners certain information you have provided to us to the extent needed to administer and deliver the benefits of the Dividend Miles program and its related services such as debiting or crediting your mileage balance when you use or earn miles .
When you enroll in the Dividend Miles program , you may also elect to receive information and promotional materials from these partners .
For information about the collection , use , sharing , and security practices of these partners , please consult the program terms and conditions and the privacy statements and disclosures published and distributed by these partners .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we profile and tailor advertisements to the interests of our Dividend Miles members and offer you the opportunity to opt out of these advertisements and information sharing with our partners , as noted below .
How your information will be used
We use the information you actively provide us about yourself , such as in creating or editing a profile or making a reservation , to complete your purchases and other requests , and to process , confirm , update and fulfill the travel and other products or services you request from us .
In addition , we may use this information for the following :
To register and service your Dividend Miles account ;
To administer and deliver the benefits of the various Dividend Miles programs ;
To enhance or customize the products and services we , or other third parties as described below , provide to you ( for example , at the explicit request of a Dividend Miles member , storing payment information to make subsequent purchases more convenient ) ;
For internal operations such as information systems management , accounting , billing and audits , ;
To contact you to respond to your questions or requests , to resolve issues , and/or to provide you technical support ; and
To provide scheduled email newsletters , promotional or special offers such as sweepstakes and contests , and occasional mailings that we believe may be of interest to you .
We may use the information automatically collected from your computer or other devices for the following uses :
To improve our products and services ;
To customize and enhance the user experience of our Sites and Services ;
To administer , upgrade , and protect our Sites and Services , email servers , and other computer systems ;
To analyze trends , track user movement and habits , and gather statistical information for aggregate use ; and
To customize and serve advertising and other marketing communications that may be visible to you on our Sites and Services or elsewhere on the internet .
Please note that we may share information that we collect from and about you and your devices with our Dividend Miles partners , service providers and other third parties , as described in the 'Who we share your information with ' section below .
Who we share your information with
We may disclose information about you or your devices , including data identifying you , your travel plans , history or status when compelled or requested to do so by U.S. or foreign law enforcement or government authorities , pursuant to a court order , subpoena , or other legal or regulatory requirements , or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interests of aviation security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable .
We may share your personal information with our parent company , any subsidiaries , or other companies or entities under common control with us , in which case we will require such parties to honor this Privacy Policy with respect to such shared information .
In the event we undergo a business transition involving another company , such as a merger , corporate reorganization , acquisition , the sale of all or a portion of our assets , or in the event of bankruptcy , information that we have collected from or about you or your devices may be disclosed to such other company as part of the due diligence or business integration process and may be transferred to such company as one of the transferred assets .
Third party marketing partners who may receive email address or other contact information
If you are a Dividend Miles member , we may share your email address or name and postal address with program partners and related service providers in order to offer you products or services of interest through promotional emails or in some cases , postal mailings .
These partners may receive other information about you as a Dividend Miles member , such as how many miles you have or other non-identifying information permitting them to match you with offers or promotions or services which are expected to be of interest to you .
We contractually obligate these partners to limit their use of your information to sending you these marketing communications , and to honor your marketing preferences if you choose not to receive future marketing messages .
Unless you opt out as set forth below , by submitting your information when creating a Dividend Miles account , or by other actions you take with us either offline or on our Sites and Services , you give your consent to receive advertising and promotional communications from us and our marketing partners , and for us to share your personal information with our Dividend Miles partners and/or related service providers .
At any time , if you would rather us not share your information with our Dividend Miles partners , you may opt out of such sharing as described in the 'Your choices : Marketing preferences ' section below .
Third parties using cookies and pixels to target advertisements
As noted above in the 'Information we collect from/or about the computer or other devices ' section , we allow third parties to place and read cookies and pixels on our domains and , if you have enabled this , on your computer or device so that they can receive certain information about you or your device , though not your contact or payment details .
For example , a contract partner may receive non-identifying information such as flight details , gender , and whether you are a Dividend Miles member , so that your printed boarding pass will include advertisements relevant to your destination .
We also contract with parties identified below to aggregate information about users of our Sites and Services for purposes of creating targeted advertising packages and campaigns on usairways.com domains or other third party sites or networks , so that for example a relevant US Airways advertisement is displayed to you elsewhere on the internet .
We will not knowingly cause or permit personal details such as your contact information or payment information to be provided to these third party interest-based advertising partners .
To learn more about our individual interest-based advertising partners , and how to opt out of the placement or reading of these tracking technologies , please see the section 'Your choices : Cookie management ' below .
Third party service providers
We also may share the information you provide about yourself , such as in creating a profile or making a reservation , with companies who perform services on our behalf , including , but not limited to , payment processing , marketing assistance , email delivery , hosting services , customer service , and data analysis .
We contractually obligate these third party service providers to protect the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and they are not permitted to use your information for any purpose other than to provide services to US Airways .
In addition , when you purchase services or products through us that are to be provided by another party , such as a travel segment on another airline , hotel accommodations , travel insurance , or a rental car , we share your information with the third party service provider so that they can provide the services or products you requested .
We may also receive information about you from such third party service providers related to these transactions .
We reserve the right to use any information we collect from or about you or your computer and/or other device ( s ) in order to protect or enforce our rights , or the rights of our affiliates , customers and marketing partners .
Furthermore , we reserve the right to provide non-personally identifiable information in aggregated form to any third party for any purpose .
If you are a customer and need to update your information provided in connection with a reservation and other travel-related services , please contact Customer Service/Reservations by calling 800-428-4322 .
If you are a Dividend Miles member , you may access and update your user profile , preferences and the information you have provided us at any time by logging into your Dividend Miles account on usairways.com/myaccount or by calling 800-428-4322 .
Your choices : Marketing preferences
Dividend Miles members can opt out of receiving promotional communications by email or postal mail from us or our marketing partners , or to prevent us from sharing your personal information with any marketing partners in the future , as follows :
You may opt out of future email marketing communications received from us or our marketing partners by following the unsubscribe steps described in each such email .
You may opt out of promotional postal mailings from US Airways or our marketing partners by calling 800-428-4322 .
You may opt out by logging into your Dividend Miles account at usairways.com/myaccount or by calling 800-428-4322/TTY 800-245-2966 and please note that once we receive your request , it make take up to 10 days for such opt out to become effective .
If we have shared your contact information with any such third parties prior to its receipt of your request , we may not have the ability to prevent such third parties from continuing to use and disclose your contact information , including for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you , and you may need to contact such third parties directly to prevent their further use and disclosure of your contact information .
Also note that if you opt out of our marketing communications , we may still email or communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with information or request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you , or for other service or account-related announcements , such as flight information updates and travel advisories .
Your choices : Cookie management
As noted , we place and read cookies , web beacons , and other tracking technologies throughout our Sites and Services to tailor the content or offers that we present to you online and in emails .
Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies .
If you do not want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these Sites and Services , then you may set your browser to disable , block , or reject cookies .
Generally , you can find directions to manage and turn off cookies in the Privacy and Security settings in the Help function of your browser .
If you do disable , block , or reject cookies , then we will still detect an anonymous visit , but the notices that the cookies generate can not be associated with your particular preferences .
If you disable , block , or reject cookies , the performance of the Sites and Services or our ability to provide you our services may be affected .
Please note that cookies are required to purchase a reservation online and to access your Dividend Miles user profile .
If you prefer to disable , block , or reject cookies , then please contact US Airways Reservations at 800-428-4322/TTY 800-245-2966 to make your reservation .
To learn more about and opt out of the different cookies that we use , see the links below .
Learn about the NAI opt-out tool on networkadvertising.org
See 'Your privacy choices ' on adobe.com
Set ad settings on google.com
Learn more about Sojern , our boarding pass advertiser
We do not knowingly solicit , collect or retain any personal information online from children under the age of 13 without parental or guardian consent other than when necessary to provide air travel and related services and/or to comply with any applicable law .
Children under the age of 13 should not use our Sites and Services or provide any personal information .
Links to other sites and services
Our Sites and Services may , from time to time , provide links to sites operated by third parties .
These sites are governed by different privacy policies , or may not have privacy policies .
If you connect to a different site from our Sites and Services you should review the privacy policy of that site , which will govern any collection of information on that site .
If you have any questions about how these other sites use your information , you should contact them directly .
Please understand we have no control over those sites ' privacy policies or their use of personal information that you may disclose to them and as such , US Airways can not be held responsible with respect to such disclosure .
The security of the information we collect from and about you and your device ( s ) is very important to us .
We protect this information by maintaining administrative , physical and technical safeguards that are consistent with industry practice and that we believe are reasonably appropriate to protect your information .
We regularly review these safeguards to reduce the risks of unauthorized access , disclosure , and improper use of personal or payment details collected from you .
We also require the companies with whom we share information about you or your device ( s ) to maintain the information securely .
Although we take reasonable steps to protect and to prevent unauthorized access to such information , we can not be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access , and we make no warranty , express , implied , or otherwise , that we can prevent unauthorized access to any of the information that we collect from or about you or your computer or other device ( s ) .
US Airways app - privacy practices
We offer you the ability to connect with the usairways.com website , or use our applications , services and tools using a mobile device , either through the US Airways App or via a mobile optimized website .
When you use the US Airways App , your device may be redirected to one or more of our webpages as we execute the various instructions ( i.e. , to make or change a reservation , to check-in , to check flight status , to create or modify your Dividend Miles profile , or otherwise to transmit data to or from the backend servers through which we deliver our services ) .
The terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such access and use of our services , whether within the mobile application itself or by linking out to our web pages , and this Privacy Policy will be referenced by the US Airways App or mobile optimized website .
In addition to the information about yourself which you actively provide to us within the US Airways App or the linked-to webpages , the US Airways App may also collect additional data elements in order to offer you additional services .
First , the US Airways App may access the unique identifier on your mobile device though we will not store this information .
Instead , we will create and store a different unique identifier for your device .
Second , we may access and use your device 's location information in connection with the 'find airports near me ' feature .
We only access and use location information if you have expressly allowed this both in your device 's settings and if you specifically allow this at the time you use this feature .
You may change this location election at any time by disabling the location tracking features in your device 's settings .
We do not store your mobile device 's location information .
Third , you may elect to allow the US Airways App to store your Dividend Miles number , itinerary , user name and password locally on your device to allow the app to automatically log you in to your Dividend Miles account , or to permit you to access the information when you are not connected to the internet .
Policy updates and future changes
This Privacy Policy is current as the effective date stated at the top of this page .
As noted above , this Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time .
Any changes will apply to all information collected by us , including previously collected information , and your continued use constitutes your consent to those changes .
This page will be updated to reflect any such changes .

We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used .
Please read the following to learn about our Privacy Notice .
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of the USATODAY.com website ( the `` Site '' ) .
Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information .
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect , offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) .
In addition , this Privacy Notice does not apply to any activities ( online or otherwise ) of the USA TODAY print newspaper .
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully .
By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service .
Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the `` Last Updated '' date to reflect the date of the changes .
By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the `` Shine The Light '' law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year .
If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107
What Information is Collected About Visitors ?
The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories , as described below .
The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf .
Information You Provide to Us .
We may collect , through a variety of technologies and practices , and store information , including personally-identifiable information ( such as your name , postal address or e-mail address ) , or other information , that you voluntarily supply to us either while on the Site or in responding via e-mail in connection with a feature provided on the Site .
Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site , and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the Site .
We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site .
If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
Information that is Automatically Collected .
We also collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site .
For example , we may collect information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , which allows us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site .
We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a `` cookie '' to enhance your experience with the Site .
Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns .
They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before .
This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as `` transparent GIFs '' ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages .
If you want to limit the non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy settings .
For example , to disable cookies using Internet Explorer , select Internet Options under the Tools menu and click on Privacy .
Select High or Block All Cookies .
To disable cookies using Mozilla Firefox , select Options under the Tools menu .
If you choose to disable cookies , or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site .
How is this Information Used ?
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , to process your registration request , provide you with services and communications that you have requested , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , deliver our Site content to you , measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site .
We will not use the information that we collect while you are using the Site , nor will we authorize third parties to use such information , to mail or e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive such promotional offers .
If you wish to receive such promotional offers or view or update your preferences you may do so at registration.usatoday.com .
Otherwise , we may share information we collect while you are using the Site with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services .
If you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be used or shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice .
For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising and by , see the section Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting .
Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control .
When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third party Site , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services .
We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third party providers .
We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner .
In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly ; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information .
The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours .
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information .
In addition , certain affiliated USA TODAY divisions , such as the USA TODAY print newspaper , provide online services that are separate from our Site and may be subject to privacy policies that are different from ours .
If you have any question about the privacy policy that applies to the online service you are using , you should click on the relevant link on the page of the service that you are using .
Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public .
Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets .
In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site , is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets .
Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting
We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site .
The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users .
We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site .
We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site .
These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site .
These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers .
The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes .
Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer .
The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice .
Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( `` NAI '' ) .
Information You Post to Blogs , Discussion Forums and Other Community Posting or Social Networking Areas
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us .
We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information .
Children 's Privacy Statement
This children 's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 , and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information .
This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Site .
We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information .
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records .
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties .
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site .
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we do NOT condition the participation of a child under 13 in the Site 's online activities on providing personally identifiable information .
How To Make Changes to Your Information
If you are a registered member of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the account tools available via the Site .
If you have subscribed to one or more of our e-mail newsletters , you may also change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by visiting registration.usatoday.com .
If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the customer service pages of our Site .
All information we gather on our Site is stored within a database to which only we and our hosting services provider are provided access .
However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , please contact us by writing to :
7950 Jones Branch Drive
McLean , VA 22107

At U.S. Bancorp , trust has always been the foundation of our relationship with customers .
Because you trust us with your financial and other personal information , we respect your privacy and safeguard your information .
In order to preserve that trust , the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers pledges to protect your privacy by adhering to the practices described below .
Bank Consumer Privacy Pledge
FACTS WHAT DOES U.S. BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ?
Why ? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information .
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing .
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect , share , and protect your personal information .
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do .
What ? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us .
This information can include :
Social Security number and income
account balances and payment history
transaction history and credit history
How ? All financial companies need to share customers ' personal information to run their everyday business .
In the section below , we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers ' personal information ; the reasons U.S. Bank chooses to share ; and whether you can limit this sharing .
Reasons we can share your personal information Does U.S. Bank share ? Can you limit this sharing ?
For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions , maintain your account ( s ) , respond to court orders and legal investigations , or report to credit bureaus Yes No
For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you Yes No
For joint marketing with other financial companies No We do n't share
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences Yes No
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness Yes Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you No* We do n't share
To limit our sharing
Call 800-370-8580 - our menu will prompt you through your choice or
Please note : If you are a new customer , we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice .
When you are no longer our customer , we continue to share your information as described in this notice .
However , you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing .
To limit our direct marketing
Please note : We may contact our existing customers by mail , telephone , or email to offer additional financial products or services including products and services offered by nonaffiliates that we believe may be of interest to you .
You may direct us not to send you such offers .
Call 800-872-2657 or go to usbank.com
Who is providing this notice ?
Companies with the U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp names and other affiliates .
Please see below for a list of other affiliates that do not have a U.S. Bank or U.S. Bancorp name .
How does U.S. Bank protect my personal information ? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use , we use security measures that comply with federal law .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings .
How does U.S. Bank collect my personal information ? We collect your personal information , for example , when you
open an account or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio
We also collect your personal information from others , such as credit bureaus , affiliates , or other companies .
Why ca n't I limit all sharing ? Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates ' everyday business purposesinformation about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing .
See below for more on your rights under state law .
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else ? Your choices will apply individuallyunless you tell us otherwise .
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control .
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies .
Our affiliates include companies with a U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp name ; financial companies such as
U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bancorp Investments , Inc .
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control .
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies .
U.S. Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you .
U.S. Bank does n't jointly market
You may have other privacy protections under applicable state laws .
To the extent these state laws apply , we will comply with them when we share information about you .
For California residents : In accordance with California law , we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of our corporate family , except as permitted by law , including , for example , with your consent or to service your account .
We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California law .
For Vermont residents : In accordance with Vermont law , we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of our corporate family , except as permitted by law , including , for example with your consent or to service your account .
We will not share information about your creditworthiness within our corporate family except with your authorization or consent , but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you within our corporate family without your consent .
For Nevada residents : We may contact our existing customers by telephone to offer additional financial products that we believe may be of interest to you .
You have the right to opt out of these calls by adding your name to our internal do-not-call list .
To opt out of these calls , or for more information about your opt out rights , please contact our customer service department .
You can reach us by calling 800-USBANKS ( 800-872-2657 ) , clicking the `` Email Us '' link at usbank.com/privacy , or writing to P.O .
Box 64490 , St. Paul , MN 55164 .
You are being provided this notice under Nevada state law .
Office of the Attorney General , Nevada Department of Justice , Bureau of Consumer Protection 100 North Carson Street , Carson City , NV 89701-4717
Additional U.S. Bancorp affiliates
The Miami Valley Insurance Company
Elan Life Insurance Company
*Please keep in mind that , as permitted by applicable law , if you have a private label credit card account with us , we share information about you with our financial or retail partners in connection with maintaining and servicing your account , including for that financial or retail partner to market to you .
Federal law does not give you the right to limit this sharing .
Exercise Your Privacy Choice
To exercise your privacy choice , please fill out and submit the form below .
Or , you can call us toll-free at 800-370-8580 .
If you have already informed us of your choice , it remains in effect .
We will maintain that election even after you close your accounts .
You need not tell us again of your choice each year .
U.S. Bank Internet Banking
Please do not share personal credit information about me within the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers .
Please do not solicit me for additional products and services through :
telephone marketing , or
direct mail marketing .
All items in bold are required :
Last 4 digits of your Social Security Number
Last Name ( joint owner ) 2
Last 4 digits of the joint owner Social Security Number
Please complete name and Social Security number if a joint owner wishes to make an election .
Zip Code ( 99999-9999 ) Telephone ( 999-999-9999 )
1 If you have previously indicated your preference , it remains in effect .
You need not restate your choice each year .
2 On joint accounts , you must give us the name and Social Security number of each owner who wishes to make an election .
More about the U.S. Bank1 Consumer Privacy Pledge
U.S. Bank is deeply committed to keeping our customers informed of our policies and practices .
In order to continue that commitment , U.S. Bank has adopted a new format for our consumer privacy pledge .
This new format is part of an industry-wide initiative geared to better inform our consumer customers on how information about them is collected , shared and protected .
It also discusses how consumer customers may , in some instances , limit information sharing .
If you previously informed U.S. Bank of your request to limit our marketing to you and to be excluded from such sharing of information among our affiliates , you need not submit another request .
If you would like to change a preference that you previously made in regard to direct marketing or information sharing , please call 877-449-3593 .
Questions About Our Use Of Information2
Why Do You Want to Know About Me ?
The information we collect about you provides significant customer benefits .
It enables us to understand your financial needs , improve products and services , comply with laws and regulations , provide enhanced customer service , and protect you against fraud .
Protection - We gather information about you to protect you .
We need to be able to identify you and your products and services to prevent access to personal and financial information by unauthorized persons .
Customer Benefits - We also gather information to help us understand your financial needs and provide you with quality products and services .
For example , if we know you own your own home , we know that a home equity loan may be a better alternative than an installment loan to finance your next purchase - because of better rates and possible tax benefits .
Product Enhancements - In some cases , we gather information to help us design or improve our products and services .
For example , information obtained from customers can tell us whether to develop a new type of home mortgage loan or a checking account .
This type of information enables us to identify the needs of customers and provide services to meet those needs .
Comply with Law and Regulation - We gather information to comply with laws and regulations that govern the financial services industry .
For example , federal regulations require that we obtain a Social Security number or tax identification number for many types of accounts , such as bank deposit accounts that pay interest .
How Do I Benefit When You Share Information About Me and My Products and Services Within Your Affiliated Family of Banks and Companies ?
We provide products and services to customers through a number of affiliated banks and companies .
Our Consumer Privacy Pledge provides you with a representative list of the U.S. Bank family of financial service providers with whom your information could be shared .
By allowing our affiliated banks and companies to share information about you and your products and services with each other , you enable us to serve your total financial needs .
You may receive our combined bank/company account statements , easier access to certain account features , new or enhanced products , special promotional offers , and certain discounts that you might not otherwise know about or be eligible to receive .
If I Request to Be Excluded From Information Sharing Among Affiliates as Explained In the Consumer Privacy Pledge , Will All of Your Affiliated Banks and Companies Honor this Request ?
Yes , all of our affiliated banks and companies will honor your request .
Certain information about you and your products and services with us still may be shared as explained below .
You can not selectively request to be excluded on a company-by-company basis or product-by-product basis .
To provide you with better service , if we are unable to offer you the U.S. Bank product you applied for , we may offer you the opportunity to have us forward your application and related information to another U.S. Bank company for a similar product .
If I Request to Be Excluded From Information Sharing Among Your Affiliates , What Information About Me and My Products and Services With You Will and Will Not Be Shared Within Your Family of Banks and Companies ?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act and certain other laws permit you to direct us not to share certain information within our affiliated family - but these laws also permit us to share certain other information within our affiliated family .
Even if you `` request to be excluded from affiliate sharing of information , '' we will share this other information about you and your products and services within our family in order to provide you the fullest range of financial services , as discussed below .
Fair Credit Reporting Act
The Fair Credit Reporting Act is the primary law that covers information sharing within our affiliated family of banks and companies .
This act permits our affiliated banks and companies to share with each other the following types of information : identification information about you ; information about your transactions with any of our affiliated banks and companies ; and information about the experiences of any of our affiliated banks and companies with you .
However information that is categorized as `` personal credit information '' can not be shared with our affiliated banks and companies if you tell us not to share this information .
Personal credit information is information that bears on your creditworthiness , personal characteristics , mode of living or the like ( other than identification , transactional , and experiential information described above ) .
When you request to be excluded from affiliate sharing of information according to the procedures set out in the Consumer Privacy Pledge , we can not share this personal credit information about you .
Other laws and rulings also regulate our ability to share certain information within our affiliated family of banks and companies in particular circumstances , or to offer you products and services in particular cases .
Some laws , for example , prohibit us from sharing certain information within our affiliated family of banks and companies without your expressed written or oral consent or , in a few cases , under any circumstances .
Whether or not you have exercised your choice and provided us with a request to be excluded from information sharing among our affiliates , we , of course , abide by these laws .
Can You Provide Me with a Few Examples of Information That Still May Be Shared Within Your Affiliated Family of Banks and Companies If I Request to Be Excluded From Information Sharing Among Your Affiliates ?
We can share identification information about you , such as your name and address .
In most cases , we also can share information about your transactions or experiences with any of our affiliated banks and companies , such as your loan repayment or checking account history , as permitted under the Fair Credit Reporting Act .
When we process your accounts , we can share additional information , including personal credit information about you , solely for that purpose .
Some of our affiliated banks and companies , for example , share or receive information in order to provide technical or operational support services - such as to prepare your account statements or provide data processing services - for other affiliated banks and companies .
Under What Circumstances Do You Provide Information to Parties Outside Your Affiliated Banks and Companies ?
We are committed to protecting our confidential information about you and your products and services with us .
However , it is occasionally necessary to provide some of this information to parties outside our affiliated banks and companies .
We may also provide certain information to third parties for other purposes as described below .
We are required , for example , to share information about you and your products and services with us with parties named in a lawsuit or administrative action when we are served with a subpoena or court order .
We also are required to share this information with federal or state regulatory authorities , such as banking examiners or the Internal Revenue Service , as authorized by federal or state law .
Consistent with the practice of other banks and financial service companies , we also share certain information about you and your products and services with us with reputable credit reporting agencies as authorized by federal law and with others who may receive certain information from us under particular circumstances - but only as lawfully permitted or required .
From time to time , we contract with parties outside our affiliated banks and companies in order to offer you certain financial products .
For example , we may contract with insurance companies to offer you various insurance products .
Under these programs , a limited amount of information about you or your account may be provided to the third party under an agreement requiring the third party to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose .
We do not provide account or personal information to non-U.S. Bank companies for the purpose of independent telemarketing or direct mail marketing of any non-financial products or services of those companies .
We also sometimes contract with outside agents or service providers to prepare your account statements , enter or calculate transactions and balances , or provide other materials or services on our behalf .
These agents , service providers , and third party product providers agree to safeguard our information about you and your products and services with us , and must abide by applicable law .
We also occasionally decide to sell business assets or a business line .
In these cases , we may transfer to the purchaser the related customer information .
Do You Provide Special Treatment of Information That Your Affiliated Trust Company or Bank Holds as My Trustee or Disclosed Fiduciary ?
Yes , any information about you within our trust division , along with your trust or agency accounts , is subject to special protection - even within our affiliated family of banks and companies .
This information is considered extremely confidential .
Questions About Direct Marketing
Does U.S. Bank Conduct Direct Marketing ?
We may contact our existing customers by mail , telephone , or email to offer additional financial products or services that we believe may be of interest to you .
In addition , we may from time to time purchase mailing or other lists from outside agencies or companies that are in the business of compiling lists for purchase by others for their independent use .
These lists are compiled by such agencies and companies primarily from public sources of information .
The Privacy Pledge provides procedures regarding how you may direct us not to send you such offers .
How Can I Remove My Name From Lists Created by Outside Agencies and Companies That Are in the Business of Compiling Lists for Purchase ?
For information on how to remove your name from mail and telephone lists created by outside agencies and companies , contact the organizations below .
You must personally register your own name , address and/or telephone number directly with each organization because they can not process any requests from us .
To limit the volume of direct mail you receive , contact the Direct Marketing Association :
By Phone : 212-768-7277
Be sure to include all versions of your name that appear in mailings you receive .
The Direct Marketing Association will include your name in its consumer exclusion files so that your name may be removed from lists compiled or maintained by the agencies and companies that are members of that organization .
Your name remains in the file for five years .
National Do Not Call Registry
To limit the number of telemarketing calls you receive on your home or mobile phone , go to the National Do Not Call Registry :
By Phone : 1-888-382-1222
The National Do Not Call Registry gives you a choice about whether to receive telemarketing calls at home .
Most telemarketers should not call your number once it has been on the registry for 31 days .
If you would like to stop credit reporting agencies from disclosing your information to companies who want to offer you credit or other products , call the following toll-free number and follow the instructions on the recorded message : 888-567-8688 .
Questions About Your Credit File
What Is a Credit File Disclosure or a Credit Report ?
A credit file disclosure , commonly called a credit report , provides you with all of the information in your credit file maintained by a consumer reporting company that could be provided by the consumer reporting company in a consumer report about you to a third party , such as a lender .
A credit file disclosure also includes a record of everyone who has received a consumer report about you from the consumer reporting company within a certain period of time ( `` inquiries '' ) .
The credit file disclosure includes certain information that is not included in a consumer report about you to a third party , such as the inquiries of companies for pre-approved offers of credit or insurance and account reviews , and any medical account information which is suppressed for third party users of consumer reports .
You are entitled to receive a disclosure copy of your credit file from a consumer reporting company under Federal law and the laws of various states .
How Can I Request a Free Credit Report ?
You are entitled to receive one free credit report every 12 months from each of the nationwide consumer credit reporting companies .
This free credit report can be requested by web , phone or by mail .
For more information , please go to : annualcreditreport.com .
This central site allows you to request a free credit file disclosure , commonly called a credit report , once every 12 months from each of the nationwide consumer credit reporting companies : Equifax , Experian and TransUnion .
It is entirely your choice whether you order all three credit reports at the same time or order one now and others later .
The advantage of ordering all three at the same time is that you can compare them .
( However , you will not be eligible for another free credit report from the Central Source for 12 months . )
On the other hand , the advantage of ordering one now and others later ( for example , one credit report every four months ) is that you can keep track of any changes or new information that may appear on your credit report .
Remember , you are entitled to receive one free credit report through the Central Source every 12 months from each of the nationwide consumer credit reporting companies Equifax , Experian and TransUnion so if you order from only one company today you can still order from the other two companies at a later date .
How Do I Place a `` Fraud Alert '' on My Credit File ?
You have the right to ask that nationwide consumer credit reporting companies place `` fraud alerts '' in your file to let potential creditors and others know that you may be a victim of identity theft .
A fraud alert can make it more difficult for someone to get credit in your name because it tells creditors to follow certain procedures to protect you .
It also may delay your ability to obtain credit .
You may place a fraud alert in your file by calling just one of the three nationwide consumer credit reporting companies .
As soon as that agency processes your fraud alert , it will notify the other two , which then also must place fraud alerts in your file .
Equifax : 1-800-525-6285 ; equifax.com
Experian : 1-888-397-3742 ; experian.com/fraud
TransUnion : 1-800-680-7289 ; transunion.com
An initial fraud alert stays in your file for at least 90 days .
An extended alert stays in your file for seven years .
To place either of these alerts , a consumer credit reporting company will require you to provide appropriate proof of your identity , which may include your Social Security number .
If you ask for an extended alert , you will have to provide an identity theft report .
An identity theft report includes a copy of a report you have filed with a federal , state , or local law enforcement agency .
For more detailed information about the identity theft report , visit ftc.gov .
Online Privacy and Security
At U.S. Bancorp ( together with the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers , U.S. Bank , we , us or our ) , trust has always been the foundation of our relationship with customers .
We understand your desire for privacy , and we recognize that you trust us with your personal and financial information .
Our Online Privacy Policy is designed to describe our privacy practices and principles in a format that is easy to navigate , read and understand .
We pledge to treat your personal information with the utmost care and respect .
It also explains how we collect , use and share information based on users ' interactions with online advertisements , both on the Services and on online interfaces owned by third parties .
Note that the Policy does not govern our privacy practices offline or with respect to information that is not provided or collected through the Services .
We pledge to use and share any information that we collect from or about our customers in accordance with the U.S. Bank Consumer Privacy Pledge , which provides choices regarding our sharing and use of information .
For additional information on this Policy or our privacy practices generally , please refer to the Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQs ) portion of the Website or feel free to contact us directly with your questions .
While this Online Privacy Policy describes how we treat information , please be aware that additional terms and conditions may apply for certain parts of our Website and Applications .
Types of Information We Collect
We collect two basic types of information through the Services personal information and anonymous information .
`` Personal information '' refers to information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as information you provide on our forms , surveys , applications or similar online fields .
Examples may include your name , postal address , email address , telephone number , Social Security number , date of birth or account information .
`` Anonymous information '' means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , a particular individual .
Examples may include information about your Internet browser , information collected through tracking technologies ( see `` How We Collect Your Information '' for additional information regarding our use of tracking technologies ) , demographic information that you provide to us ( e.g. , your household income ) and aggregated or de-identified data .
`` Location information '' means information that may be collected by certain mobile applications that identifies your physical location .
This information may be collected from your mobile device 's location-aware features when you request certain services that are dependent on your physical location .
How We Collect Your Information
We collect personal information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly .
For example , we may obtain personal information when you request information , products or services from us , register on the Website or an Application , respond to surveys , contact customer support or otherwise interact with us .
In addition , we may collect information about your activity on the Services automatically using tracking technologies , such as cookies , Flash cookies and pixel tags .
Definitions for the tracking technologies listed , as well as information regarding how to disable them , are available in the Online Tracking and Advertising section of the Policy .
How We Use Your Information
We may use information collected through the Services in order to , among other things :
Provide you with , or evaluate your eligibility for , products and services that you request from us
Communicate with you about your accounts or transactions with us
Send you important information regarding the Services , changes to this Policy and/or other similar administrative information
Allow you to participate in surveys , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions , and to administer such promotions ( note that these promotions may contain additional disclosures regarding our collection and/or use of your information )
Consistent with local law , required disclosures , and choices and controls that may be available to you :
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that may be of interest to you ;
Personalize content and experiences on the Services ;
Verify your identity and/or location ( or the identity or location of your authorized representative ) for security , fraud prevention and other risk control purposes ; and
Provide you with advertising based on your activity on the Services and on third-party websites and applications .
For additional information regarding our use of your information for personalization and tracking , please refer to the Online Tracking and Advertising section of the Policy .
Optimize or improve our products and services
Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
How We Share Your Information
We will not share your personal information outside the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers , except under limited circumstances .
Please refer to the U.S. Bank Consumer Privacy Pledge for additional information regarding how we may share personal information , as well as the choices you may be able to exercise in connection with such sharing .
Online Tracking and Advertising
We and certain trusted service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity on the Services using tracking technologies , including :
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using .
They allow us to collect information such as the type of browser you are using , the amount of time you spend using the Services , the websites or applications you visit and the preferences you have set up for your accounts .
We use this information to personalize your experience , enhance security , facilitate navigation , display material more efficiently and recognize the device that you are using to access the Services .
The Services do not use cookies that capture unencrypted personal information about you .
You can choose to have your device refuse to accept any cookies , and the majority of devices and browsers offer additional privacy settings for cookies .
You do this through your browser settings .
Each device and each browser is a little different , so look at your device Settings or your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies .
If you turn cookies off , you will not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some of the Services will not function properly .
Please note that you will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser that you use .
We may use local shared objects , sometimes known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences and to assist with online authentication by allowing us to recognize you and your device when you return to the Website or an Application .
This permits us to display content based upon what you view on our websites and applications to personalize your use of the Services .
Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data , as well as how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your device or browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies , please click here .
If you disable Flash cookies , you will not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some of the Services are unlikely to function properly .
Pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIF 's and other similar technologies .
These are typically small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the Website , our Applications or certain e-mail communications .
They may involve the transmission of information directly to us , to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy .
We may use these technologies to bring together information we collect about you .
Location tracking on mobile devices .
Certain applications on mobile devices may transmit information to us about your location when you request information from them .
An example includes your physical location when you search for a nearby ATM using your mobile device .
We may use that information to improve the products and services we provide to you as well as improving our services generally in your area .
Information collected through tracking technologies is used for many purposes including , for example , to :
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to the Services
Deliver relevant content based on your preferences , usage patterns and location
Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of the Services
Analyze traffic on the Services and on websites or mobile applications of third parties
We may associate this tracking data with your registration information , in which case we will treat it as personal information .
Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online .
Occasionally , you may encounter banner advertisements for our products and services on third-party websites and mobile applications .
We use third-party advertising service providers to distribute our advertisements on websites and mobile applications where we have paid to advertise .
These advertisements may use tracking technologies to capture information such as IP address , browser type and usage information in order to track the effectiveness of our advertising efforts .
Such tracking technologies do not capture personal information about you , and our advertising service providers are prohibited from using any information collected except to track advertising effectiveness .
In addition , we use advertising service providers such as Google , Yahoo and MSN to place advertisements for our accounts and services on websites not affiliated with us , and to help us determine which of our advertisements are most likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information .
Advertisements placed by these service providers may use tracking technologies that allow monitoring of your responsiveness to such advertisements .
We restrict access and collection of information by advertising service providers for purposes other than assisting us with our advertising efforts .
As part of this service , U.S. Bank online advertisements are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers understand how data about them is being used .
Clicking on the icon provides options for consumers who want more control and ability to opt out of such behavioral ( targeted ) advertising .
U.S. Bank may use data collected on our website to customize advertisements to you on other sites as you browse the web .
You can click on the DAA icon in our targeted advertisements to opt out if you do not want your browsing behavior used for online behavioral advertising purposes .
If you prefer not to have non-personal information used for online behavioral advertising purposes , you may also opt-out here .
Please note that even if you opt-out , you may still receive online advertising from U.S. Bank .
Opting-out from a specific advertising provider means that the ads you do receive will not be based on your preferences or behavior .
In order for behavioral advertising opt-outs to work on your device , your browser must be set to accept cookies .
If you delete cookies , buy a new device , access the Services from a different device , log-in under a different screen name or change web browsers , you will need to opt-out again .
If your browser has scripting disabled , you do not need to opt-out , as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled .
Please check your browser 's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled .
The Services may contain links to third-party websites not controlled by U.S. Bank .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the privacy policies and terms of use of any such websites that may collect your personal information , as they will likely differ from those of the Services .
U.S. Bank does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites , including the accuracy , completeness or reliability of their information .
Data Security and Online Risk-Free Guarantee
Your privacy is very important to U.S. Bank and we are committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access or use .
We have implemented physical , technical and administrative security measures that comply with federal law and industry standards , including network firewalls , Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption for online sessions , dedicated security teams and secured files and buildings .
Please refer to the Frequently Asked Questions portion of the Website for more information regarding data security for the Services .
In addition , U.S. Bank protects customers from liability for unauthorized online transactions with our Online Risk-Free Guarantee .
The Online Risk-Free Guarantee applies to unauthorized transfers to or from your consumer accounts ( those used for personal , family or household reasons ) that are initiated via usbank.com , by using our mobile app , or by using our online bill pay service .
It pledges that U.S. Bank will cover 100 % of any losses from unauthorized online transactions , so long as they are reported to us promptly .
Report to us , within 60 days of the first statement date when the unauthorized transactions appeared , and you will be covered .
You have the responsibility to help us protect your accounts by never revealing your user name or password to other individuals .
These protections are subject to certain restrictions , and may not apply to commercial and small business accounts .
In order to help us protect your personal information , it is important that you always keep your account information safe .
Never share your personal ID , password or PIN with anyone , under any circumstances .
Note that U.S. Bank will never initiate a request via email for your sensitive information ( e.g. , Social Security number , personal ID , password , PIN or account number ) .
If you receive an email asking for your sensitive information , you should be suspicious of the request and promptly contact us to report the suspicious activity .
Please be aware , however , that in certain telephone and in-person transactions we may ask for your full Social Security number , account number or other information to verify your identity before conducting the transactions you have requested .
For example , we may ask for such information to verify your identity when you place a call to us , when you visit a U.S. Bank branch office or when we call you about a new product or service we believe that you will find valuable .
We will never request that you disclose your personal ID , password or PIN under any circumstances , including such telephone or in-person transactions .
Additional information regarding identity theft and the steps you can take to help protect yourself from fraud can be found on the Federal Trade Commission website .
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) without parental consent .
We request that such individuals do not provide personal information through the Services .
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent , he or she should promptly contact us and we will delete such information from our files .
For additional information regarding the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , please visit the Federal Trade Commission website .
Some third-party companies offer aggregation services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from a variety of sources , such that you can view all your account information at a single online location .
For example , an aggregation service might collect and consolidate your checking and savings account balances at your bank , the value of your stocks and bonds in your brokerage account and your frequent flier mileage information from an airline .
In order to do so , the aggregator may request access to personal information - including identification information , account information , personal IDs and passwords - from you for each individual website .
You must provide your permission and access to your personal information to allow these services to collect this data .
Please use caution when providing personal information to aggregation services .
You should always ensure that the aggregator has appropriate policies and practices in place to protect the privacy and security of any personal information to which the company is gaining access .
U.S. Bank is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information accessed by a company or an individual to whom you provide the personal ID and password required to access your accounts through the Services .
If you do elect to provide your personal ID , password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation service , you will be unable to contest the validity of any U.S. Bank transaction initiated by the aggregator , whether or not you were aware of the specific transaction .
Should you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation service , you may only do so by contacting us , in which case we may need to block your account until we issue new access codes .
U.S. Bank may interact with registered users of various social media platforms , including Facebook and Twitter .
Please note that any content you post to such social media platforms ( e.g. , pictures , information or opinions ) , as well as any personal information that you otherwise make available to users ( e.g. , your profile ) , is subject to the applicable social media platform 's terms of use and privacy policies .
We recommend that you review this information carefully in order to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content .
It is very important that you keep the information associated with your account accurate and up-to-date .
If you believe that your account information is incomplete , inaccurate or otherwise not current , please contact us and provide us with the appropriate information .
Alternatively , you may call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements , records , online or other account materials .
Changes to the Online Privacy Policy
From time to time , we may make changes to this Policy in order to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes .
We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect , use and share information through the Services .
If we do make changes to the Policy , we will also update the `` Effective Date '' posted at the top of the Policy .
Any changes to the Policy will become effective when the revised Policy is posted on the Website , relevant Application or other U.S. Bank online interface , as applicable .
By continuing to use the Services following such changes , you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Policy .
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices generally , we encourage you to contact our customer service department by completing our online email form or by calling 800-USBANKS ( 872-2657 ) .
Alternatively , you may use any of the local telephone numbers for your area that are listed in the `` Contact Us '' section of the Customer Service portion of the Website .
In the event you notice suspicious activity on your account or believe your personal ID , password or PIN has been compromised , please contact us immediately .
Consumer Online Privacy Frequently Asked Questions
Consumer Online Privacy Frequently Asked Questions
What does U.S. Bank do to keep my accounts secure ?
What can I do to keep my accounts secure ?
How can I learn more about preventing fraud online ?
What tracking technologies does U.S. Bank use ?
Why does U.S. Bank use tracking technologies ?
How do I contact U.S. Bank Online Banking Customer Service by phone ?
How do I contact U.S. Bank Online Banking Customer Service by email ?
What if I forget my Personal ID , Password , or ID Shield answers for U.S. Bank Online Banking ?
What does U.S. Bank do to keep my accounts secure ?
At U.S. Bank , we understand that security is very important to our internet banking customers .
We are committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access or use .
We have implemented physical , technical and administrative security measures that comply with federal law and industry standards , including network firewalls , Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption for online sessions , dedicated security teams and secured files and buildings .
What can I do to keep my accounts secure ?
In order to help us protect your personal information , it is important that you always keep your account information safe .
Never share your personal ID , password or PIN with anyone , under any circumstances .
You can also help keep your financial information secure by choosing a password that would be difficult for someone else to guess , preferably a combination of letters and numbers that are not related to your job or personal life .
Do not write your password down or leave it in a place where it might be discovered .
We also recommend that you change you password regularly .
If you have reason to believe your password may have been discovered , immediately change your password .
To change your Internet Banking Password log into your account at U.S. Bank Internet Banking .
Next select `` Security Center on the left side of the screen and select View or Change Security Options .
How can I learn more about preventing fraud online ?
U.S. Bank captures each login to U.S. Bank Online Banking .
After logging in to your internet banking account look at the top of your account summary page to view the last date your accounts were accessed .
U.S. Bank will never initiate a request via email for your sensitive information ( e.g. , Social Security number , personal ID , password , PIN or account number ) .
If you receive an email asking for your sensitive information , you should be suspicious of the request and promptly contact us immediately .
To learn more about additional steps you can take to help protect yourself from fraud , visit the Federal Trade Commission website .
What tracking technologies does U.S. Bank use ?
Cookies : Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using .
They allow us to collect information such as the type of browser you are using , the amount of time you spend on our websites or applications and the preferences you have set up for your accounts .
We use this information to personalize your experience , enhance security , facilitate navigation , display material more efficiently and recognize the device that you are using to access the Services .
These cookies do not capture unencrypted personal information about you .
You can choose to have your device refuse to accept any cookies , and the majority of devices and browsers offer additional privacy settings for cookies .
You do this through your browser settings .
Each device and each browser is a little different , so look at your device Settings or your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies .
If you turn cookies off , you will not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some parts of our website will not function properly .
Please note that you will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser that you use .
Flash Cookies : We may use local shared objects , sometimes known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences and to assist with online authentication by allowing us to recognize you and your device when you return to the Website or an Application .
This permits us to display content based upon what you view on our websites and applications to personalize your use of the Services .
Our advertisers and third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data , as well as how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your device or browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies , please click here .
If you disable Flash cookies , you will not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some of the Services are unlikely to function properly .
Pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIF 's and other similar technologies : These are typically small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the Website , our Applications or certain e-mail communications .
They may involve the transmission of information directly to us , to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy .
We may use these technologies to bring together information we collect about you
Location tracking on mobile devices : Certain applications on mobile devices may transmit information to us about your location when you request information from them .
An example includes your physical location when you search for a nearby ATM using your mobile device .
We may use that information to improve the products and services we provide to you as well as improving our services generally in your area
Why does U.S. Bank use tracking technologies ?
Information collected through tracking technologies is used for many purposes including , for example , to :
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to our website
Deliver relevant content based on your preferences , usage patterns and location
Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our website
Analyze traffic on the Services and on websites or mobile applications of third parties
We may associate this tracking data with your registration information , in which case we will treat it as personal information .
Service providers that collect tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online .
How do I contact U.S. Bank Online Banking Customer Service by phone ?
Call the appropriate number listed below and listen for the voice prompt for online Customer Service .
Minneapolis / St. Paul Metro
612-US BANKS ( 612-872-2657 )
503-US BANKS ( 503-872-2657 )
800-US BANKS ( 800-872-2657 )
TDD - All Locations
How do I contact U.S. Bank Online Banking Customer Service by email ?
What if I forget my Personal ID , Password , or ID Shield answers for U.S. Bank Online Banking ?
If you forget your Personal ID , Password , or ID Shield answers , use the Login Assistance tool available in the Log In section on usbank.com .
To begin updating your marketing email preferences , please enter your email address in the fields below then select `` Next '' .
Marketing emails are newsletters and special offers for U.S. Bank products and services .
Enter your email address :
Re-enter your email address :
You can also update your preferences for other U.S. Bancorp affiliate publications .
Simply select one of the links below .
U.S. Bancorp Financial News and Alerts
1-2-3 REWARDS Visa Card Email
Ace Rewards Visa Card Email
AeroMexico Visa Card Email
Club CarlsonSM Visa Card Email
Fred Meyer Rewards Visa Card Email
Harley Davidson Visa Email
LANPASS Visa Card Email
LifeMiles Visa Card Email
Polaris Visa Card Email
Ralphs rewards plus Visa Card Email

Thank you for visiting the Federal Judiciary 's website .
Our privacy policy outlines the types of information we learn when you visit our site and how such information will be used .
Information Routinely Collected and Stored
If you visit our site to view or download information , we collect and store the following information :
The name of the domain from which you accessed the Internet ; for example , `` aol.com '' if you use America Online .
The IP address from which you accessed the Judiciary 's website .
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the World Wide Web .
The date and time you access our site .
The type of browser and operating system used to access the Judiciary 's site .
The pages you visit .
If you linked to the Judiciary 's website from another website , the address of the originating site .
This information is used solely for the purpose of evaluating and maintaining our site .
From this information , we learn what users like and need ; what kind of technology they are using ; how often they visit ; and other valuable information that helps us to offer our visitors the best site possible .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , perhaps to be placed on our mailing list or to request additional information via our webmaster e-mailbox , it will be used only for the purpose ( s ) you state .
We collect such information only to respond to your requests .
We do not share that information with others , and we do not collect information for commercial marketing .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity , such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials .
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law , including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 .

Thank you for visiting the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) website and reviewing our privacy statement .
Our privacy policy is clear : We do not collect any personal identifiable information , ( PII ) , without your explicit consent .
Here is how we handle your information when you visit our website :
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you browse through the USDA website , read pages , or download information , we may gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
We may use technologies to gauge your browsing habits or web surfing history to improve the information presented to you .
For example , if you search for both USDA loans and rural communities during a website visit , on a subsequent visit you may also be provided with information about USDA rural loan programs .
The information we store does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit :
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our website .
For example , if you access our website from school , we see `` schoolname.edu '' and the school 's IP address ;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ; and
If you linked to the USDA website from another website , the address of that website .
We use this information to help us make our site more useful , to learn about the number of visitors to our site , the types of technology our visitors are using to visit our website , and to present relevant information to you based on your website browsing requests .
We do not track your web activities beyond your browsing the USDA website .
We do not cross reference your browsing habits with other entities , and we do not sell or give away your information to other entities .
Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA
COPPAThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) website .
applies to the online collection of personal information from children under age 13 .
USDA complies with COPPA and does not knowingly collect personal information about children .
When you visit some websites , their web servers generate pieces of information known as cookies .
Some cookies collect personal information to recognize your computer in the future .
Cookies are small files that web servers place on a user 's hard drive that helps a website or service .
There are two types of cookies :
( 1 ) Session cookies , also known as transient or per session cookies , serve technical purposes , like providing seamless navigation through USDA.gov .
They are stored in temporary memory and are only available during an active browser session .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
( 2 ) Persistent cookies , also known as permanent or stored cookies , are used to collect identifying information about the user , such as user name , web surfing behavior or user preference for a specific website .
These cookies operate until they expire or a user deletes them .
USDA may use both types of cookies to improve our on-line services to you .
You can disable cookies by adjusting the setting on your web browser .
You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information , as in an e-mail to the Secretary or other USDA staff , or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through our website , we use that information to respond to your message .
This also helps us to locate the information you have requested .
We treat e-mails the same way that we handle paper-based correspondence sent to USDA .
We are required to maintain many documents under the Federal Record Act for historical purposes , but we do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency or as otherwise required by law .
Moreover , we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide , nor will the information you provide be shared with any private organizations .
USDA does not collect information for commercial marketing .
When You Visit Websites
Please read the Privacy Statement of each website you visit .
Our website has links to several other federal agencies .
In a few cases , we link to private organizations with their permission .
Once you access another site through a link that we provide , you are subject to the Privacy Statement of the other organization 's site .
Information presented on the USDA website is considered public information and may be distributed or copied .
Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this web site service remains available to all users , USDA employs monitoring technology to identify unauthorized attempts to upload , change , or otherwise cause damage to USDA information or systems .
Raw data logs are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986This is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) website . and with National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) General Schedule 20 .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
A privacy impact assessment ( PIA ) is an analysis of how information is handled : ( i ) to ensure handling conforms to applicable legal , regulatory , and policy requirements regarding privacy , ( ii ) to determine the risks and effects of collecting , maintaining and disseminating information in identifiable form in an electronic information system , and ( iii ) to examine and evaluate protections and alternative processes for handling information to mitigate potential privacy risks .
The E-Government Act requires federal agencies to conduct PIAs for electronic information systems and collections and , in general , make the assessment results publicly available .
Learn more about USDA Privacy Impact Assessments
Machine-Readable Privacy Policies , Platform Privacy Preferences ( P3P
The privacy provisions of the E-Government Act of 2002 require agencies to have both a `` human readable '' privacy policy and machine readable technology that automatically alerts users about whether site privacy practices match their personal privacy preferences .
P3P is the standard for machine-readable Privacy Policy .
The USDA uses third-party services such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube to communicate and interact with the public .
You may encounter these services as separate websites ( for example , the USDA Facebook pageThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) website. , or as applications embedded within the USDA 's websites .
These services are controlled and operated by third parties , and are not government websites or applications .
By interacting with USDA through these third-party services , you may be providing non-government third parties access to your personal information which can be used to distinguish or trace your identity .
Any information collected by a third-party service is subject to the privacy policies of the third-party service provider .
These third-party services may , for example , use persistent ( multi-session ) cookies .
Generally , USDA does not collect , disseminate , or maintain any personally identifiable information about you maintained by third party sites .
However , you should be aware that USDA may read , review , or rely upon information that you make publicly available or the USDA on these services ( for example , comments made on the USDA 's Facebook page ) , as authorized or required by law .
Please note that these third-party services supplement USDA 's traditional communication and outreach efforts .
Should you have concerns about communicating with USDA via these channels , please use traditional channels to contact us .
The purpose of the USDA 's new media communication forums , such as USDA blogs , collaborative tools , and other sites , is to share news and information regarding the activities , policies , and programs of USDA and its employees .
We encourage discussion and comments on posts .
Your insights are important to ensure Americans nationwide are informed and can be a part of the USDA 's work , every day .

The information on these pages is provided to assist you in finding information that will help you understand the Privacy Act ( Public Law 5 U.S.C . 552a , as amended ) , as it relates to privacy policies of the U.S. Geological Survey , a bureau of the Department of the Interior .
See DOI Privacy Policy .
How We Handle the Information We Gather When You Visit Our Website
The type of information that we receive from your visit to our Web sites depends upon what you do when visiting our sites .
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our sites and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors .
Child Privacy - The USGS values the privacy and protection of children in the use of its Web sites .
We adhere to the privacy policies stated below in dealing with children 13 years and younger and for all visitors to USGS Web sites .
( for more information see `` Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . ''
It is the policy of the USGS that we will not obtain personal identifying information about you when you visit our Web sites , unless you choose to provide the information to us ( for example , through a questionnaire in which you willingly provide such information , or in which you are requesting a publication or other information to be transmitted to you by the USGS ) .
Identification for Law Enforcement or Unauthorized Use - The only time that we will attempt to identify individual users or to share any information we receive with any parties outside of the USGS is ( 1 ) in the course of officially authorized law enforcement investigations or ( 2 ) in the event of a suspected attempt to deliberately circumvent our system 's security with the intent to gain unauthorized access or to do physical damage ( for example , an attack by hackers ) .
In the latter case , information collected about a suspected intruder may be shared with the USGS Information Technology Security Manager ( see Contact information below ) .
Web Server Activity - Like most Web servers on the Internet , USGS servers collect and store within Web access logs all of the information that your Web browser sends when it requests a Web page , including :
the name , domain , and numerical internet address of the host computer ( typically a computer belonging to your Internet Service Provider and not your personal computer ) from which you access the Internet ;
the date and time you accessed our site ;
the Internet address of the Web page that you came from ;
the page you requested from our site and the number of characters sent to your computer ; and
the information your Web browser software sends as its so-called User Agent , which typically identifies the browser software and may also indicate the operating system used in your personal computer and the type of computer .
It is impossible to determine the actual identity of an individual user from this information .
The logs are periodically summarized and analyzed to study site usage over time and to perform other studies to help us improve the site 's organization , performance , and usefulness .
Monthly extracts of the log files are archived and stored offline at our discretion for an indefinite period of time .
Some statistical summaries derived from these data may be retained online or offline at our discretion for an indefinite period of time .
Cookies - Some applications may save a cookie on your computer 's hard disk to provide a temporary history of actions taken .
Cookies are small text files that a web site transfers to your computer to allow the site to remember specific information .
If you do not want cookies to be transferred to your computer , you may choose to opt out by modifying your browser options .
Opting out of cookies in no way diminishes your access to information or services .
Session cookies do not contain Personally Identifiable Information .
Once a browser is closed , the cookies disappear .
An example of a session cookie used on some USGS Web sites is the ForeSee Results ' American Customer Satisfaction Index survey .
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time .
USGS may use persistent cookies on some web sites to improve online services .
These persistent cookies do not contain personally identifiable information .
USGS does not use persistent cookies that contain Personally Identifiable Information unless specifically stated on the Web page and the visitor has provided explicit consent .
Email or Web Forms - When you send us personal identifying information by contacting us via e-mail ( that is , in a message containing a question or comment ) or by filling out a form that e-mails us this information , we use it to respond to your requests .
We may forward your e-mail or information to other Government employees or contract personnel who are better able to answer your questions .
We do not retain or distribute lists of e-mail addresses to any parties outside the USGS , except as necessary to conduct official U.S. Government business , and we do not distribute lists of e-mail addresses to non-Government entities .
Information collected via e-mail or Web form will be retained at our discretion in a readable form for as long as necessary to complete our response .
The e-mail or information may be retained in an archival form as required by Federal laws and regulations governing the retention of historical records of Government agencies .
For more information , please refer to the National Archives and Records Administration 's Records Management Program .
File Transfer Protocol ( FTP ) - Many USGS sites using the file transfer protocol may also store your e-mail address if your Web browser is configured to provide it .
By default , most Web browser software does not send your e-mail address ; this option is configured through your browser preferences .
Online Surveys - When you voluntarily provide us with personal information as part of an online survey , we use it to perform various quantitative and qualitative analyses to improve customer service and satisfaction .
We may forward the information collected to other Government employees or contract personnel to perform the actual analysis .
You are under no obligation to participate in such surveys .
Non-participation will not inhibit your use of our Web site in any way .
If you provided the information to us in error , you may request its removal at any time .
Information collected via online surveys may be retained at our discretion for an indefinite period of time .
Ordering Products Online - When you voluntarily provide us with personal information such as name , shipping and billing address , and credit card number when ordering products online , we use the information to fulfill your order .
We may forward the information collected to other Government employees or contract personnel or to other computer systems ( such as secure electronic commerce servers ) to complete the requested transaction .
Third Party Websites and Applications
The USGS utilizes some third-party websites and applications that are not exclusively operated or controlled by a government entity and are not subject to the USGS Privacy Policy .
Often these technologies are located on a .com website or other location that is not part of an official government domain .
All users are encouraged to review the applicable third-party privacy policy , evaluate any potential risks and assess periodically thereafter .
Personal Identifiable Information ( PII ) as defined by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) may be minimally collected by USGS to accomplish a purpose required by statute , regulation or executive order .
In the event that USGS collects PII from a third-party website or application , the USGS Privacy Officer must approve the collection , and the public will be notified via a Federal Register comment period which will contain the type of information being collected , the intended purpose of the collection , the retention period , as well as any other specifics .
Facebook - The USGS maintains official Facebook Pages .
Our intention with these Pages is to encourage conversation between the USGS and the public as well as sharing real time information .
Facebook provides a number of privacy settings and controls to allow you to manage how your personal information is shared with others .
The USGS does have access to a subset of this information in the form of basic statistics for the Pages that we maintain .
We may use this information in order to improve the effectiveness of our Facebook content to better support the needs of our visitors to those Pages .
We do not use or maintain any personally identifiable information related to those statistics .
We may , from time to time , run contests or free giveaways using our account ( s ) where the winner ( s ) may receive some prize which is delivered by postal carrier .
In these cases , the USGS personnel responsible for running that USGS account ( s ) will request your mailing address via e-mail for the sole purposes of mailing the prize ( s ) to you .
Contest winner ( s ) who provide their postal mailing address will be done voluntarily .
The USGS permits the public to openly post content to our Pages .
If you opt to post content to one of our Pages , your personal name and link to your profile are listed alongside your content posted .
This functionality is solely operated by Facebook .
While we encourage comments on our Pages , there are some comments which we may consider inappropriate or offensive based upon our Comment Policy ( which is stated on each Page ) .
In the event that a comment does violate the USGS Comment Policy , we have the right to delete that content .
Before doing so , we do capture the content of that comment for records purposes , but we do not collect the name associated with that content .
We are concerned only with the comment itself as to why it was deleted and how it conflicts with our posted Comment Policy .
If a comment does contain personally identifiable information within the actual comment text , we will remove the portion classified as personally identifiable information .
The USGS is solely interested in our interaction with the general public and not collecting personal identifiable information .
In addition , the USGS may also provide embedded Facebook content within our own pages on the domains in which we own and maintain .
In these cases , Facebook may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
The USGS use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside with the embedded content .
Google+ - The USGS maintains official Google+ Pages .
Our intention with these Pages is to encourage conversation between the USGS and the public as well as sharing real time information .
Your use of Google+ , and the privacy of your information on Google+ is outlined in the Google+ Privacy page .
Google+ provides a number of privacy settings and controls to allow you to manage how your personal information is shared with others .
The USGS does have access to a subset of this information in the form of basic statistics for the Pages that we maintain .
We may use this information in order to improve the effectiveness of our Google+ content to better support the needs of our visitors to those Pages .
We do not use or maintain any personally identifiable information related to those statistics .
We may , from time to time , run contests or free giveaways using our account ( s ) where the winner ( s ) may receive some prize which is delivered by postal carrier .
In these cases , the USGS personnel responsible for running that USGS account ( s ) will request your mailing address via e-mail for the sole purposes of mailing the prize ( s ) to you .
Contest winner ( s ) who provide their postal mailing address will be done voluntarily .
The USGS permits the public to openly post content to our Pages .
If you opt to post content to one of our Pages , your personal name and link to your profile are listed alongside your content posted .
This functionality is solely operated by Google+ While we encourage comments on our Pages , there are some comments which we may consider inappropriate or offensive based upon our Comment Policy ( which is stated on each Page ) .
In the event that a comment does violate the USGS Comment Policy , we have the right to delete that content .
Before doing so , we do capture the content of that comment for records purposes , but we do not collect the name associated with that content .
We are concerned only with the comment itself as to why it was deleted and how it conflicts with our posted Comment Policy .
If a comment does contain personally identifiable information within the actual comment text , we will remove the portion classified as personally identifiable information .
The USGS is solely interested in our interaction with the general public and not collecting personal identifiable information .
In addition , the USGS may also provide embedded Google+ content within our own pages on the domains in which we own and maintain .
In these cases , Google+ may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
The USGS use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside with the embedded content .
Flickr - The USGS maintains official Flickr account ( s ) ( owned by Yahoo ) .
As part of the Flickr service , anonymous usage statistics ( not containing any personally identifiable information ) are made available to users to understand the amount of traffic and use of their uploaded content .
The USGS may periodically review this usage data to help improve our content .
The USGS will not receive any personally identifiable information .
We may , from time to time , run contests or free giveaways using our account ( s ) where the winner ( s ) may receive some prize which is delivered by postal carrier .
In these cases , the USGS personnel responsible for running that USGS account ( s ) will request your mailing address via e-mail , for the sole purposes of mailing the prize ( s ) to you .
Contest winner ( s ) who provide their postal mailing address will do so voluntarily .
In addition , USGS may also provide embedded Flickr content within our own pages on the domains which we own and maintain .
In these cases , Flickr may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
The USGS use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside the embedded content .
Twitter - The USGS maintains official Twitter account ( s ) .
Our intention is to engage and interact with the public for sharing current USGS information such as live tweeting USGS events or as a customer service tool in responding to requests .
In our use of the Twitter service , the USGS does not archive any of your personally identifiable information other than what any public person ( s ) may see within the content of a tweet ( e.g. , the Twitter profile name if a USGS account replies to that person ( s ) ) .
We may , from time to time , run contests or free giveaways using our account ( s ) where the winner ( s ) may receive some prize which are delivered by postal carrier .
In these cases , the USGS personnel responsible for running that USGS account ( s ) will request your mailing address via e-mail for the sole purposes of mailing the prize ( s ) to you and will be completely voluntary .
The USGS may also run scientific experiments using public Twitter data to improve the reporting and scientific capabilities of earthquake monitoring/notification .
In these cases , the information would available through various Twitter tools ( e.g . - Twitter APIs ) .
In the event that this information is repurposed for public use , the full disclosure of the information being used and displayed will be posted alongside any views or tools available for use by the public .
In addition , USGS may also provide embedded Twitter content within our own page on the domains in which we own and maintain .
In these cases , Twitter may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
The USGS use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside with the embedded content .
YouTube - The USGS maintains official YouTube Channels ( owned by Google Inc. ) .
Visitors to YouTube will typically have a persistent cookie sent from YouTube which may include some personal information related to your Google account ( if you have one ) .
YouTube does make a subset of this information available to Channel content owners in order to provide basic video usage information such as state , country , region location , visits , video drop-in/drop-out viewing parts , etc .
The USGS may use this statistical information to improve the content of our channel ( s ) which will improve your viewing experience at the USGS YouTube Channel ( s ) .
The USGS does not have access to any personally identifiable information .
We may , from time to time , run contests or free giveaways using our account ( s ) where the winner ( s ) may receive some prize which is delivered by postal carrier .
In these cases , the USGS personnel responsible for running that USGS account ( s ) will request your mailing address via e-mail for the sole purposes of mailing the prize ( s ) to you .
Contest winner ( s ) who provide their postal mailing address will do so voluntarily .
In addition , the USGS may also provide embedded YouTube content within our own web pages domains which we own and maintain .
YouTube may set a persistent cookie as a result of the embedded content .
The USGS use of any possible information provided to us through this embedded content will be consistent with the previously stated usage .
If there is any more specific use that falls outside of the stated one on this page , that information will be listed directly alongside with the embedded content .
AddThis : The `` Share '' function on some USGS sites is provided by a third party , AddThis .
The service provider uses cookies and collects information on visitors who use this feature to share USGS content on their Facebook pages , Twitter feeds or other social media or social networking sites .
As noted in their privacy policy , AddThis uses this information for its own business purposes , including marketing the information to other parties .
AddThis does not collect information from users who do not use the feature .
Google Analytics : `` Like many services , Google Analytics uses cookies to track visitor interactions .
These cookies are used to store information , such as what time the current visit occurred , whether the visitor has been to the site before , and what site referred the visitor to the web page .
Browsers do not share cookies across domains '' ( from the Google Analytics privacy overview ) .
The U.S. Geological Survey does not collect personally identifiable information from these third-party tools , nor provide them with additional PII .
We use IP masking in order to share only a portion of the IP address for geolocation .
In addition , Google provides an Opt-out Browser Add-on `` to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics . ''
USGS does not endorse and makes no representation about the effectiveness of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
To provide site security and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , our Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this Web site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
Information may also be used for authorized law enforcement investigations .
For more information , see the section entitled , `` Identification for Law Enforcement or Unauthorized Use . ''
For relevant USGS policy on privacy , refer to the Survey Manual chapter entitled , Privacy Act - General .
For relevant USGS policy on information technology security , refer to the Survey Manual chapters entitled , Information Technology Systems Security .
For relevant DOI policy on safeguarding Privacy Act records , refer to the Department 's Privacy Program .
For relevant Federal law on conduct of DOI employees , refer to 43 CFR 2.52 - Conduct of employees .
For relevant Federal law on standards for maintenance of Privacy Act records , refer to 43 CFR 2.48 - Standards for maintenance of records subject to the Act .
If you have questions on USGS privacy or information technology security , contact :
Reston , VA 20192
USGS Information Technology Security Manager
Reston , VA 20192

This privacy policy ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) applies to your use of the U.S. News Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the U.S. News Services links , or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on the U.S. News Services .
This Privacy Policy is part of , and is hereby incorporated into , the U.S. News Services ' Terms and Conditions .
You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here .
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions , including the Privacy Policy , in their entirety , please do not use any U.S. News Services .
What information does U.S. News collect about me as I use the U.S. News Services ?
U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name , telephone number , postal address , e-mail address and credit card information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request .
For example , we may ask you for your name , e-mail address , and certain other information in connection with certain features .
U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase , so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting .
During the ordering process , such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing .
In both cases , credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order .
U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the U.S. News Services , such as your browser configuration , the type of operating system you are using , and information about your Internet service provider .
How does U.S. News use the information supplied by me ?
We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services , to respond to your inquiries , and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you .
If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others , you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking `` Unsubscribe '' in any email .
If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , or information to be posted as a comment ) , we may publish your name , screen name or such other information you supply .
If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company , we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name , telephone number , postal address and email address .
If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company , you will need to so notify such selected outside company .
We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design , delivery and content of our publications and the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience .
We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the U.S. News Services , as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive .
In addition , U.S. News may disclose information we maintain ( A ) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the U.S. News Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety , property , or rights of our users or the public , or ( B ) in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale .
How can I change my privacy options ?
If at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information , you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News , from U.S. News 's affiliates , or from selected outside companies , you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the `` Unsubscribe '' link located at the bottom of each e-mail .
What are `` cookies '' and how does U.S. News use them ?
`` Cookies '' are pieces of information that are placed by the U.S. News Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device .
Cookies do not contain information that is , in itself , personally identifying .
Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements , to calculate unique site visitors , and to track usage throughout our site .
Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins .
In addition , some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device .
These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to usnews.com and other websites , so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads , to track page usage and paths followed during visits , and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage .
These companies may provide this data to us .
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here .
We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services business , including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the U.S. News Services and deliver our service to you :
We use the services of a third party marketing company , Omniture , to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the U.S. News Services .
To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the U.S. News Services .
This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see .
You can `` opt-out '' of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here .
We also use a third party advertising company , DoubleClick , to deliver ads to you when you visit the U.S. News Services .
In the course of providing this service , our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the U.S. News Services , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) .
If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick , please click here .
We have contracted with a third party , ValueClick , Inc. , to monitor certain pages of the U.S. News Services for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement 'click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on the U.S. News Services .
Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about visitors to the U.S. News Services .
No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News .
For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick , please see ValueClick 's privacy policy by clicking here .
Portions of the U.S. News Services permit you to integrate such U.S. News Service with Facebook .
Through such integration , U.S. News may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name , profile picture , educational institutions you have attended and your major there , work information , fan pages , networks , current location , friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook ( Friends ) .
U.S. News may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the U.S. News services .
By visiting a U.S. News Service , information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the U.S. News Service .
In addition , if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of U.S. News Services , your Facebook information may appear to those users on the U.S. News Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News Services with Facebook .
Children Under Age 13
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News .
In general , U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible .
Users of the U.S. News Services who are California residents and who have provided personally identifiable information to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .

Thank you for visiting the United States Patent and Trademark Office website and reviewing our privacy policy .
Our privacy policy is simple : we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Submitting personal information is voluntary .
When you voluntarily submit information , it constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the purpose ( s ) stated at the time of collection .
See the Privacy Act of 1974 ( P.L . 93-579 ) for more information on your rights under the Privacy Act .
Except for the purposes described below , no other attempts are made to identify individual users while on the USPTO websites .
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website :
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The USPTO Web servers automatically collect and save the default information customarily logged by Web server software .
We also use an authorized Google Analytics agent to collect comparable information on our behalf .
On a monthly or more frequent basis , we review this information to determine the traffic through the servers in hits , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages of interest .
We may also analyze accesses to particular pages to determine U.S. versus non-U.S. use , government agency versus private use , and other statistics that may be of value to us in establishing priorities and allocating resources in order to better accomplish our dissemination mission .
Analysis of this information may also help identify problem areas of the website or to improve overall service .
Information is retained as long as necessary to perform useful analysis .
For site security purposes and to ensure that USPTO Web services remain available to all users , USPTO monitors network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C .
Sec.1001 and 1030 .
Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations .
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technology
The Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M-10-22 , Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies defines conditions under which Federal agencies may use session and persistent cookies , and categorizes them in tiers to identify their characteristics .
Session cookies are also known as memory-resident cookies .
These cookies are not stored on your computer 's hard drive , and are removed when you complete your session or exit the site .
We use session cookies for some applications to improve their usability and ensure session integrity .
No personal information is gathered .
USPTO sites and applications that use Tier 1 session cookies include the subscription center and the customer satisfaction survey .
Our site-wide search is conducted through USA.gov , an external site , which also uses a session cookie .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer 's hard drive after you complete an activity .
If you block a persistent cookie , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any way .
We use persistent cookies in association with an authorized customer satisfaction survey conducted by a third party , ForeSee ResultsTM .
If you are randomly selected to participate in this survey , a persistent cookie is stored on your computer 's hard drive for 90 days to preclude a new invitation during that time .
We also use persistent cookies to enable the Google Analytics program to measure how new and returning visitors use the USPTO website over time .
E-mail submitted to USPTO is saved in accordance to Department of Commerce policy and NARA guidelines .
If you choose to provide us with personal information in e-mail , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested .
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you .
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency , or as otherwise required by law .
Moreover , we do not store any personal information independent of the e-mail message , create individual profiles with the information you provide , or give it to any private organizations .
We do not collect information for commercial marketing .
The USPTO may offer the use of third-party e-mail services as a convenience .
If you choose to use such a service , information about you may be independently collected by the third party .
USPTO will clearly note this distinction wherever the service is offered on its website and remind you that your participation is voluntary .
If you choose to submit a blog comment , only personal information that you voluntarily provide as part of the comment will be revealed .
All comments are moderated , and only those that comply with USPTO policy will be publicly posted .
The USPTO will not edit or alter individual comments .
If you simply visit a blog page , your visit will be recorded for statistical purposes , as for other areas of the website .
This randomized survey is based on the American Customer Satisfaction Index ( ACSI ) and your participation is voluntary .
No personal information is collected unless you choose to provide it as part of a comment or to complete the survey .
Survey data is retained as long as needed to permit accurate analysis , produce summary reports , and monitor overall trends .
If you choose not to participate in the survey , you are not prevented from using the USPTO website in any other way .
If you have an immediate concern , please refer to the Contact Us page on the USPTO website .
See additional notes under Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies , above .
We are especially concerned about protecting the privacy of children .
We hope parents and teachers are involved in children 's Internet explorations .
We respect the need to protect the identity of any children who participate in an Internet exhibition of their work .
We do not request any information from children on the Kids Pages .
We do , however , sometimes encourage them to participate in contests , but such participation is carried out through postal mail .
Links to Other Sites
Our Web pages may contain links to websites outside the USPTO , including those of other federal agencies , international sites , and private organizations .
In some cases , USPTO may have an official presence on an external site that we 've engaged to serve a specific function .
Be aware that whenever you follow a link to another site , you are subject to the privacy policy of that site .
Privacy Act Systems of Records
Where a USPTO website requests information that will be stored in a Privacy Act system of records , an individual Privacy Act Statement is provided .
Should there ever be a need to use information for a purpose other than one already provided for under the Privacy Act , we will give you specific instructions on how you may consent to such use .
You are never required to give such consent .
Information stored in any Privacy Act System of Records is handled as set forth in the applicable System of Records Notice in order to preserve its security and confidentiality .
Access the USPTO Systems of Records Notices .
OMB Circular A-11 , Exhibit 300 Privacy Impact Assessments
To Our USPTO Customers
Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft !
When filing documentation in support of applications or petitions , please take steps to protect all personal information .
`` Personal information '' includes social security , credit card , and bank account numbers .
To support a petition or application , the USPTO never requires this type of personal data within the body of the petition or application .
To protect your privacy , you should delete such information from any documentation that you send to the Office except when submitting the USPTO Credit Card Payment Form ( PTO-2038 ) .
If using a USPTO electronic form where a fee is required , take care to enter the payment information ( such as a credit card number ) only in the specific secure payment portion of the form .
Patent and trademark public data is available directly through the USPTO website , including in bulk format .
As public data , it may be disseminated from other websites as well .
All patent application files are published and made available to the public 18 months from the filing date , unless the application includes a non-publication request .
( See MPEP Sections 724 .
02-724.06 for details on making a non-publication request . )
Also , all patent application files will become available to the public upon the grant of the patent .
For patents , if you have questions about what information may be published and how to remove the material from documents you plan to submit to the USPTO , please call the Inventors Assistance Center at 1-800-786-9199 or 571-272-1000 .
Trademark applications are available to the public within a week of their submission .
12/7/2010 - updated information concerning persistent cookies , external sites , and surveys .
2/9/2011 - added information related to the use of Google Analytics and external sites .

Information Gathered by UT Austin
Last Reviewed : September 14 , 2012
Last Edited : September 14 , 2012
Each Web application or site must contain a link for `` Web Privacy '' that links to this policy .
The University of Texas at Austin ( UT Austin ) is committed to ensuring the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information .
UT Austin does not actively share personal information gathered from its Web servers .
However , because UT Austin is a public institution , some information collected from UT Austin websites , including the summary server log information , emails sent to websites , and information collected from Web-based forms , may be subject to the Texas Public Information Act .
This means that while UT Austin does not actively share information , in some cases may be compelled by law to release information gathered from its Web servers .
As part of its commitment to maintain the privacy of its Web users , UT Austin has developed this privacy statement .
The statement has two purposes :
To educate users about privacy issues
To inform users about specific privacy policies and guidelines employed at UT Austin .
UT Austin also complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ( FERPA ) , which prohibits the release of education records without student permission .
Although FERPA regulations apply only to UT Austin students , the university is equally committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our Web site .
Technical terms referred to in this document are defined in the ISO Technical and Security Glossary .
UT Austin by and through its academic , research and administrative units and programs , owns , controls , operates and/or maintains websites under a number of domains ( collectively , UT Austin Web ) .
This Web Privacy Policy applies to all domains within the UT Austin Web .
The UT Austin Web consists of hundreds of Web servers .
Some servers hosted by UT Austin may adopt different privacy statements as their specific needs require .
If a UT Austin department has a privacy statement that is different from this statement , that policy must be approved by the Information Security Office , and it must be posted on this site .
However , those sites can not adopt a privacy statement that in any way supersedes federal or state regulations .
Approved Departmental Privacy Policies at UT Austin :
The UT Austin Web site contains links to hundreds of external websites .
The university is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the external websites we link to .
Information Gathered by UT Austin
UT Austin Web servers generate temporary logs that may contain the following information :
Internet address ( IP address ) of computer being used
UIN ( unique person identifier for EID-based services only )
The data is used in aggregate by IT custodians to tune the Web site for its efficiency and is not ordinarily associated with specific individuals .
Raw data from the Web server logs is only shared with the custodian of each Web site .
Summary reports produced from the logs help Web publishers determine what Web browsers and pages are most popular .
For example , if the aggregate reports show a particular Web page is very popular or used more by freshmen than by seniors , publishers might use this information to customize the content of that page and make it easier to find .
Some pages within the utexas.edu domain may contain content that is served from external third parties .
For example , a utexas.edu Web site might include a graphic logo or a script from a third party .
Specifically , the following code within a utexas.edu page would represent an example of third party content :
Third party content in utexas.edu is not limited to graphics , but this is the most frequent use .
UT Austin does not transmit any information to these third parties as part of such requests .
However , when you visitutexas.edu pages that contain third party content , information such as your IP address , date , browser , and requested page are transmitted from your computer to that third party .
UT Austin is not responsible for the privacy practices of these external third parties .
Cookies are small pieces of data stored by the Web browser .
Cookies are often used to remember information about preferences and pages you have visited .
For example , when you visit some sites on the Web you might see a `` Welcome Back '' message .
The first time you visited the site a cookie was probably set on your computer ; when you return , the cookie is read again .
You can configure your Web browser to refuse to accept cookies , to disable cookies , and to remove cookies from your hard drive as needed .
UT Austin Web servers use cookies in the centralized authentication system called UT EID .
These cookies are used so you will not have to repeatedly enter user names and passwords when you go to different parts of the Web site .
You are normally required to enter a UT EID when you request data about yourself or to ensure that you are a member of the University community .
For example , students who want to check their admission status or staff members who complete time sheets , must enter their UT EID so the system knows who is requesting the data .
This login process uses Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) so the user name and password are encrypted between the Web browser and our Web server .
Some Web servers within UT Austin may also use cookies to retain user preference information .
It is against university policy to share this information with external third parties .
Security and Accuracy of Confidential Information
UT Austin does its best to ensure that the personal information we have about you is accurate .
Users with a UT EID can check and update personal information such as their address and email address at UT Direct .
Although no computer system is 100 % secure , the UT Austin has deployed extensive security measures to protect against the loss , misuse , or alteration of the information under our control .
These security measures and our systems are audited by certified independent security specialists .
Several sites within UT Austin enable you to pay for products or services online with a credit card .
Unless otherwise noted , these transactions are encrypted .
It is university policy that confidential information you enter in the transaction is used only for the purposes described in that transaction , unless an additional use is specifically stated on that site .
UT Austin does , upon explicit request of users , share information with other parties and gather information from other private data providers .
For example , the university receives test scores from testing agencies and will send transcripts to other schools .
This is done only at the request of users ( persons to whom the information applies ) .
Unless specifically required under public information requests filed under the Texas Public Information Act , it is against university policy to release confidential information gathered through the Web , such as pages visited , or personalized preferences .
For example , the University 's portal , UT Direct , enables users to customize the content they see on their personal page .
This information can not be shared with external third parties .
Consistent with FERPA , we do not release personal student information , other than public directory information , to other parties unless we receive explicit written authorization to do so .
UT Austin students can read more about directory information in the University 's General Information Catalog .
Examples of directory information include first and last name , address , and date of birth .
Enrolled students can restrict release of their directory information by contacting the Office of the Registrar .
UT Austin makes some public chat rooms , forums , message boards , and news groups available to its users .
The university does not ordinarily log public chat sessions , however , any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should therefore exercise caution when deciding to disclose your confidential information in such places .
Academic chat sessions and discussion forums , such as those in Blackboard , may be logged .
However , these educational records are protected from disclosure by FERPA .
UT Austin is a research institution .
At any time there are numerous online surveys being conducted on the university 's Web site .
It is University policy that confidential information gathered in these online surveys is used only for the research purposes indicated in the survey .
Unless otherwise noted on the specified survey , your answers are confidential and individual responses will not be shared with other parties unless required by theTexas Public Information Act .
Aggregate data from surveys may be shared with external third parties .
Except for educational records governed by FERPA , all information collected from the UT Austin Web site , including the summary server log information , emails sent to the Web site , and information collected from Web-based forms , may be subject to the Texas Public Information Act .
Texas Public Information Act
The Texas Public Information Act , with a few exceptions , gives you the right to be informed about the information that UT Austin collects about you .
It also gives you the right to request a copy of that information , and to have the university correct any of that information that is wrong .
The authoritative source on this policy and responsibility for its implementation rests with the Chief Information Officer .
Change log for this policy .
Date Change description Original text
Updated document structure to match IT policies , added change log , authoritative source , scope .
Added ARL to the list of approved departmental policies .
Added concept of IT Custodians to `` Information we gather '' section .
Updated `` Purpose '' section .
Removed instructions for modifying cookie settings in Web browsers .
Updated link to Computer Science department 's policy page .
Updated link to Computer Science department 's policy page .
Updated links to ISO Technical and Security Glossary and the General Information Catalog .
Added a paragraph clarifying the requirement of a link on UT websites .
Added a paragraph to include the change log on the Web Privacy Policy itself .
Updated required link section , updated style to match the writer 's guide .
Each university Web site that contains official university information must contain a link for `` Web Privacy '' that links to this page .

Image of lock and keyThis website uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses `` cookies '' , which are text files placed on your computer , to help the website analyze how users use the site .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including the first 3 octets of your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website .
By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .

Thank you for visiting the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) Web site and reviewing our Web Page Privacy Policy .
VA applies leading privacy practices and adheres to data stewardship principles in managing our Web user data .
The data stewardship principles guiding our efforts include the following goals :
protection of Web user privacy ;
maintaining the confidentiality of Web user data ; and
ensuring appropriate levels of security for Web user data .
This policy describes how VA applies these principles to the handling of personal information you provide to us via a VA Web page and online forms .
Personal information may include your name ; email , home , and/or business address ; phone numbers ; Social Security Number ; or other information that identifies you personally .
Key features of our privacy policy include
This General Web Page Privacy Policy ( `` General Policy '' ) applies to all VA Web pages .
Some VA Web pages may provide additional policy guidance on privacy practices that is compatible with this General Policy .
These additional policy guidance documents are called `` Limited Privacy Policies . ''
Please review any appropriate Limited Privacy Policy prior to submitting your information on any VA Web page .
We will not require you to register or provide personal information in order to visit our Web site .
However , certain pages or areas of our site may require you to register or provide personal information before you will be granted access .
VA does not collect personal information from Web users , unless the personal information is provided by you .
A Limited Privacy Policy will apply in each case where you may provide personal information to VA through our Web site .
We will never sell or rent your personal information to outside parties .
We use Web analysis tools ( e.g. , cookies ) for limited uses authorized in this policy .
This General Privacy Policy and each Limited Privacy Policy promotes the privacy , confidentiality , security , and responsible handling of any information collected by VA over the Web .
VA follows the requirements of the Privacy Act , which protects your personal information that VA maintains in systems of records .
A system of records is a file , database , or program from which personal information is retrieved by name or other personal identifier .
The Privacy Act provides a number of protections for your personal information .
These typically include how information is collected , used , disclosed , stored , and disposed .
Our System of Records Notices are available at : Department of Veterans Affairs Privacy Act Systems of Records
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties outside VA without your consent , except to facilitate the transaction , to act on your behalf at your request , or as authorized by law .
When we do collect personal information from you online , we will tell you in advance in the Limited Privacy Policy 's Privacy Act Statement .
The Privacy Act Statement will contain any additional privacy policies that apply to the information collected on a particular VA Web page .
The Web pages that collect personal information will have a hyperlink to the Limited Privacy Policy that applies to that particular Web page .
We will use your information to process requests for services or information .
When VA collects information from you , we will reference the relevant authority in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policy .
Providing the information is generally voluntary , but if it is not provided , we may not be able to process your transaction .
When information is required to process your request , we will advise you of this fact in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policy .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
We automatically collect certain information about your visit to VA Web sites .
We limit the data collected to meet specific business needs and to protect your privacy .
We may know what path ( s ) you took on our Web sites , but we do n't know who you are .
We do not use this information to identify you personally without your express consent and an authorized purpose .
We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit to a VA Web site :
General log informationExamples of general log information include , but are not limited to : Internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' or `` yourschool.edu '' ) ; Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; operating system ; the browser used to access our Web site ; the date and time you accessed our site ; and the pages that you visited .
Referral and statistical information where we have links to or from the site you visited .
Such data may include aggregate data such as the number of offsite links occurring during a visit to a VA Web page .
It may also include specific data , such as the identity of the site which you visited immediately before or after our site .
We do not use such data to identify you personally .
We use the general log information to help us make our Web sites more useful to visitors .
We use it to learn about how locations on our site are being used , what information is of most and least interest , and how we can enhance ease of use by ensuring our sites can interface with the types of technology our visitors use .
We also use such statistics to tell us of any possible site performance problems .
Except for oversight , law enforcement investigations , or protection of the VA information technology infrastructure as authorized by law , no other attempts are made to identify you or your usage habits .
General logs are used for no other purposes than the purposes described above , and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with General Records Schedules published by the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) and agency record control schedule requirements .
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies
What is a Cookie ?
When you visit certain Web sites , they send a small piece of information called a cookie to your computer along with the Web page .
There are two kinds of cookies .
A Session Cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in your computer 's random access memory ( RAM ) .
A session cookie is destroyed as soon as you close your browser .
A Persistent Cookie is a line of text that is saved to a file on your hard drive and is called up the next time you visit that Web site .
This lets the Web site remember information about your previous visits and use of the Web site .
Persistent cookies are generally not used by VA or other Federal government Web sites , unless there is a compelling and authorized reason for their use .
If any VA Web page uses a Persistent Cookie , then the Limited Privacy Policy for that Web page will clearly state the purpose and legal authority for such use .
We use Session Cookies in the following manner :
Log-on and log-off process you do not have to log-on and register to browse our site .
If you decide to register with our site to use one of our online services , session cookies help with the log-on and log-off process .
The cookies enable us to recognize your log-on ID when you log on so that we do not create a duplicate registration record for you .
Transactions and site usability we use Session Cookies to improve how you navigate through our Web site and conduct transactions .
Session Cookies are used to maintain your online session as you browse over several pages , or to store and enter information on a Web page so that you do not have to reenter the same information , repetitively .
Session Cookies may also be used to collect referral statistics when you click on a link to or from a VA Web page .
Information Collected from Online Forms
Many of our programs and Web sites allow you to use online forms .
We will use the information you provide to respond to you or process a request .
Please remember that many of these forms are sent via email and may not be secure against interception across the Internet .
They may also remain as a permanent , retrievable record with your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
If your email communication or online form contains sensitive information , or includes such information as your medical records , drug prescriptions , bank account or social security number , you should send it by U.S. mail , unless the Web site Limited Privacy Policy clearly indicates that such communications are appropriately secured for transmission over the Internet .
We do not sell , rent , or otherwise provide your personal information to outside marketers .
Information collected via VA Web sites may be shared with employees , contractors , and other service providers as necessary to respond to a request , provide a service , or as otherwise authorized by law .
If appropriate , additional information regarding the use and disclosure of information collected on specific Web pages will be posted in the appropriate Limited Privacy Policyfor that Web page .
In those instances where we secure your personal information in transit to us over the Internet , and upon our receipt , VA uses industry-standard encryption , including Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) .
The connection icon area on your browser will change to HTTPS instead of HTTP when this security feature is invoked .
Your browser may also display a lock symbol on the task bar at the bottom of your screen to indicate this secure transmission is in place .
You should refer to the instructions for your particular Internet browser software to determine how to examine the security certificate from our Web site to verify the security of the connection .
For site security purposes and to ensure that VA Web sites remain available to all users , VA employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage .
Except for oversight or authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits other than those uses identified in this policy .
Unauthorized attempts or acts to either ( 1 ) access , upload , change , or delete information on this system , ( 2 ) modify this system , ( 3 ) deny access to this system , or ( 4 ) accrue resources for unauthorized use on this system , are strictly prohibited and may be considered violations subject to criminal , civil , or administrative penalties .
VA takes the security of all personally identifiable information we maintain very seriously .
We implement various measures to protect the security and confidentiality of personally identifiable information .
Such measures include access controls designed to limit access to personally identifiable information to the extent necessary to accomplish our mission .
We also employ various security technologies to protect personally identifiable information stored on our systems .
We test our security measures periodically to ensure that they remain operational .
Links to Other Sites
This Web site provides access to other Web sites outside our control and jurisdiction .
When you link to these Web sites , you leave our Web site and your communications no longer are protected by our privacy policies .
VA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-VA Web sites .
We encourage you to review the privacy policy or terms and conditions of those sites to fully understand what information is collected and how it is used .
VA may , from time to time , collect information from children under 13 years of age .
In instances where we collect personal information from children under 13 years old , we will do so only with parental notice and consent .
We will take all reasonable steps necessary to protect the privacy and safety of any child from whom information is collected , in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) .
Contact VA Privacy Service
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or use of your information .
You can contact us online at Contact VA Privacy Service , or you can mail us your question or concern at Department of Veterans Affairs , Privacy Service , 810 Vermont Avenue , N.W .
( 005R1A ) Washington , DC 20420 .
Your inquiry will be treated confidentially and will not be shared with third parties , except as necessary to respond to your inquiry and for other purposes as authorized by the Privacy Act and other relevant legal authority .
The VA Privacy Service works to minimize the impact on veteran 's privacy , particularly veteran 's personal information and dignity , while achieving the mission of the Department of Veteran Affairs .

Display Member Privacy Policy , Updated as of 5/30/2012
Web User Privacy Statement | Opt-Out Cookie
Our mission is to build users ' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices .
Because this website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices .
This website has agreed to notify you of :
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through the website
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under ValueClick Media 's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should contact ValueClick Media by filling out our Feedback Form .
If you are not a member of ValueClick Media ( an advertiser or web publisher who has registered with ValueClick Media to do business with ValueClick Media ) please see our Web User Privacy Statement .
Information Collection and Use
As a ValueClick Company , ValueClick Media is the sole owner of the information collected on this site .
Information collected is in two distinct categories : Member information and aggregated Web User information .
This portion of ValueClick Media 's privacy statement applies only to Members of ValueClick Media .
For web user privacy issues regarding the serving of advertisements and the use of cookies , please see the Web User Privacy Statement .
Members of the ValueClick Media Network include publishers and advertisers involved in advertising campaign transactions .
Member information collected includes personally identifiable information that is necessary to conduct business , such as name , phone number , and email address .
Payments made to and from ValueClick Media require the collection of personally identifiable information that may include credit card numbers and bank account information .
Phone numbers may be used to contact Members for sales or inventory acquisition purposes .
All Member information is collected , modified and stored in a password protected environment .
This information is used for service , media delivery , contact , billing and accounts payable purposes .
We will not sell , share , or rent this information to non-ValueClick entities .
All Member information collection is explicit , voluntary , manually entered by the Member , and can be opted-out .
Cookies are used to simplify Member login and to facilitate secure navigation through the password protected areas of the website .
Members who choose to reject all cookies may have difficulty navigating the password protected areas of the website depending on the nature of their connection ( dynamic IP , proxy server , etc . ) .
Member information is not shared with any third party outside ValueClick Media and its affiliated companies within ValueClick , except for that necessary to conduct business , such as clearing a credit card transaction for an advertising campaign purchase or making an ACH direct deposit to pay a Publisher , or as required by law .
The security of Member information is crucial to our success in the highly competitive field of online advertising .
ValueClick Media may , from time to time , use `` gallery '' pages to identify Publishers and Advertisers by business identity ONLY ( e.g . Adcycle.com is a new Member of the ValueClick Media Network ) .
We record the IP address of new Members at sign-up .
This can assist in administering the website and Member accounts , including the possible implementation of `` fast-login '' and `` my ValueClick Media `` features designed to enhance the Member experience .
This information is part of the secure member database and is password protected .
This website contains links to other websites .
Please be aware that ValueClick Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website .
This website employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data .
Any data that is stored on our servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public .
We have an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data , allowing access only to those employees or third parties who have a need to know such information for the purpose of effectively delivering our products and services by means of user login and password requirements .
We routinely evaluate our data security practices to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement .
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ValueClick to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
While we strive to protect your PII , ValueClick can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with a ValueClick Network company .
Our Member email list is used for administrative purposes only .
We send all new Members a welcoming email to verify password and user name .
Special offers and promotions are made at the website .
Site and Service Updates
We may send Members website and service announcement updates by email .
Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements , which contain important information about the service .
We communicate with Members to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone .
If a Member 's personally identifiable information changes ( such as your email address ) we provide several ways for a Member to correct or update their personal information .
The following options are provided :
Make the changes online by entering the member area
Contact your account manager
If a Member no longer desires our service we provide two ways to remove that Member 's personal data from our system .
All requests to remove a Member from our system will be verified prior to removal to insure the proper identity of the requester .
The following options are provided :
Contact your account manager
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on the first page a Member views after successful login so our Members are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify Members by way of an email .
Members will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
FOR EUROPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS
The European Union ( `` EU '' ) maintains strict privacy laws .
These rules differ significantly from the laws of the United States of America ( U.S. ) .
To reconcile these differences , the US and the EU have created a safe harbor ( U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework ) that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations .
The U.S. and Switzerland have created a similar safe harbor ( U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework ) .
ValueClick Media complies with the U.S.-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
In compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information .
European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first fill out our Feedback Form .
ValueClick Media has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus .
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS .
You also agree that you have provided notice to , and obtained consent from , any third party individuals whose personal data you supply to us with regard to : ( a ) the purposes for which such third party 's personal data has been collected ; ( b ) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party 's personal data ; ( c ) which of the third party 's data are obligatory and which data , if any , are voluntary ; and ( d ) how the third party can access and , if necessary , rectify the data held about them .
It is the express will of the parties that this agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English .
C'est la volont expresse des parties que la prsente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rdigs en anglais .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this website , or your dealings with this website , please fill out our Feedback Form or you can send correspondence to the following address : ValueClick Media , Privacy Officer , 30699 Russell Ranch Road , Suite 250 , Westlake Village , CA 91362 .

Privacy Statement for VegasInsider.com
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us .
Because we gather certain types of information about the users of VegasInsider.com , we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information .
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather , how we use it , and how to correct or change it .
Information VegasInsider.com gathers and tracks
Anyone who participates in interactive activities ( chat , message boards , contest entry , store purchase , membership program ) on VegasInsider.com may be asked to register for a free guest ID and password or to complete subscription registration for a member ID and password .
We use customer contact information from this registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners .
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services .
The customer 's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for customer service reasons .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
Unique identifiers , such as ID and passwords , are collected to verify the user 's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system .
Children Under the Age of 18
We do not currently collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of eighteen .
Under certain circumstances , visitors may be asked to submit a screen name as a means of identifying communications to VegasInsider.com .
Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online .
If in the future , VegasInsider.com collects personally identifiable information from children , it will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( is U.S.C . 6501 et seq . )
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Web site .
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart .
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them .
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you 've visited .
But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself .
Generally , cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site .
A cookie ca n't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites .
This random number lets us keep track of `` how many '' times customers are doing specific things - like visiting our site each month - without really knowing who those customers are .
We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you do n't see the same ad repeatedly .
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your member ID .
Additionally , after you 've entered your member ID and password during a session on our service , we save that information so you do n't have to re-enter it repeatedly during that session .
Users should be aware that VegasInsider.com can not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for VegasInsider.com .
If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature ; however , users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features ( e.g. , customized delivery of information ) available on the VegasInsider.com website .
VegasInsider.com uses an order form for customers to purchase products and services .
If you place an order at a store hosted by VegasInsider.com we will collect information from you , including your credit card and contact information .
This information will be used by the merchant to bill the user for products and services .
Contact information from the order form will also be used to ship orders , to contact a user for customer service related issues , and to send the user information about our company , and on occasion , promotional material from some of our partners .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
Our online surveys asks visitors for their VegasInsider.com email address and demographic information .
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site .
We use this data to tailor our visitor 's experience at our site , showing them content and promotional offers that we think they might be interested in , and displaying the content according to their preferences .
This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis .
We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from VegasInsider.com or some of our partners .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for a VegasInsider.com ID and password .
We use contact data from our contests to send users information about upcoming contests and promotional offers .
On occasion we will email customers promotional material from some of our partners .
The customer 's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for winner notification and prize delivery confirmation .
The majority of the contests that we offer are hosted on the VegasInsider.com site ; however , there may be cases in which a third party sponsor will host the contest and collect user information .
In those cases , we urge users to review the privacy statement of the third party site .
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings ; see the choice/opt-out section below .
We offer a free newsletter to share content information about our site with interested users .
Users may cancel their free email subscriptions by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or e-mail .
All of the information we collect , both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies , is `` aggregated '' -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user .
We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not , and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on our Web site .
We may use only the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better targeted advertisements .
VegasInsider.com will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process .
There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by VegasInsider.com to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities .
In addition , it may be shared with third parties who assist VegasInsider.com in producing its Web sites or provide a service to VegasInsider.com 's users .
VegasInsider.com contains links to partners , advertisers and third party Internet sites and services who may collect data in connection with sweepstakes , promotions , ecommerce , etc .
They each have separate privacy and data collection practices , independent of VegasInsider.com .
VegasInsider.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others .
In short , if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
Furthermore , while we strive to protect your personal information , VegasInsider.com can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information .
Please be careful and responsible whenever you 're online .
VegasInsider.com utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information .
All user contact information is contained behind a `` firewall '' and only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to production systems .
Passwords and credit card numbers are encrypted in VegasInsider.com 's secure database which is also located behind a firewall .
All sensitive/credit information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted in VegasInsider.com 's databases as stated above .
In the event a user wishes to modify their personal information they may do so by visiting the Member Services Arena .
They will be required to submit a valid user ID and password for authentication before they are able to modify their file .
If a user has forgotten his/her password or prefers to speak with a customer service representative to modify their personal information , for the fastest response , email Customer Service .
A user may also contact customer service at ( 800 ) 211-4759 .
The user will be asked to provide their name or user ID and then to verify certain non-sensitive information ( i.e . mother 's maiden name ) in order to proceed .
Because password and credit card information has been encrypted , it is completely invisible to any employee who accesses it , including our customer service team .
If a user wishes to change their password , the customer service representative will reset to a new one after the member has properly identified him/herself .
VegasInsider.com 's technology department conducts frequent site security audits and employs a third party audit company to perform additional site security audits .
Every VegasInsider.com employee is required to sign a policy which clearly outlines the company 's policy with respect to security and defines the action the company will take with any employee who breaches the policy .
VegasInsider.com gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service .
You can send email to Customer Service
You can call the following telephone number : 1-800-211-4759
VegasInsider.com gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided .
You can send email to Customer Service
You can call the following telephone number : 1-800-211-4759
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of VegasInsider.com , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact Customer Service or write to :
Attn : Privacy Statement
5300 NW 33rd Ave. Suite 207
Fort Lauderdale , FL 33309

Below you will find the updated Privacy Policy for Venere.com , which applies to any information provided or collected through this Web site .
Venere Net S.r.l. , Via Della Camilluccia 693 , Rome , Italy ( Venere , we , us ) will process your information in its capacity of data controller .
We understand that booking online involves significant trust on your part .
We value your trust , and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us .
Please read this policy to learn about our privacy practices .
What information we collect from you
How we use your information
With whom we share your information
Right to access your information and other rights
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
How we protect your information
Transfer of Your Data Abroad
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us
What information we collect from you
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way .
This includes information that can identify you ( personal information ) , including your first and last name , telephone number , postal and email addresses and billing information ( such as credit card number , cardholder name , and expiration date ) .
We may also request information about your hotel room preferences .
You can choose not to provide information to us , but in general most of the information we request from you is required in order for you reserve a hotel and the lack of such information prevents us from completing the hotel reservation .
In any case you can choose whether or not to receive messages of an informative and/or commercial nature such as offers and newsletters .
Travel Companion Information .
When you make a reservation for someone else through this website , we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual .
You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences , as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account .
Information from Other Sources .
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities , business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information .
Examples of information we may receive include : updated delivery and address information , purchase history , and demographic information .
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website .
For example , we will collect your IP address , Web browser software ( such as Firefox , Safari , or Internet Explorer ) , and referring website .
We also may collect information about your online activity , such as trips viewed and bookings made .
Our goals in collecting this automatic information are helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud .
For more information , please see Cookies and other technologies .
How we use your information
We use sensitive billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the hotel reservations you make on our site .
We use other information about you for the following general purposes so long as you have given your consent : to provide you with the products and services you request ; to provide you with your hotel booking confirmation and updates ; to communicate with you in general ; to respond to your questions and comments ; to measure interest in and improve our products , services , and website ; to notify you about special offers on our products or services that may be of interest to you ; to publish on our website and the websites of our business partners your voluntary feedback regarding the properties reserved through us ; to post your voluntary comments on our blog and to notify you of follow-up comments via e-mail if you have asked us to do so when you subscribed to the blog ; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join ; to resolve disputes , collect fees , or troubleshoot problems ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection .
We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website .
One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your hotel related interests if you consented to receiving email marketing communications .
Where legally required , we will abide by existing publicly available opt-out lists when sending you marketing communications .
For example , ( i ) if you search for a hotel in New York on our website but choose not to book a hotel , or ( ii ) if you open one of our email marketing communications and click on a link ( which will direct you to our website ) relating to New York and/or to a hotel in New York , we may send you an email message telling you about our special deals for hotels in New York .
We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site .
Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send .
Please review Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information below .
With whom we share your information
With your consent , we may share your information with the following entities :
Suppliers such as hotels who fulfil your reservations .
Throughout this site , all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such .
Therefore , we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this site .
Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you , facilitate your travel reservation , or respond to a review you may submit .
While we may share anonymous reviews with our hotel suppliers , we will not share reviewer names or contact information unless you have explicitly told us that we may .
We are not responsible for the hotel deducing your identity from the content of your review and contacting you directly .
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf , including business analytics , customer service , marketing , distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs , and fraud prevention .
We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf , including as necessary to operate features of our website or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests .
Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose .
They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to .
Please note that these third party service providers may be established in countries that might not offer a level of protection for your personal information that is equivalent to the one offered in your country of residence .
However , we will endeavor to protect all personal information we collect from you in accordance with strict data protection standards .
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services , or whose products or services may be offered on our website .
You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear , either alone or with ours .
If you choose to access these optional services , we may share information about you , including your personal information , with those partners .
Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners .
If you were referred to this website from another site ( for example , through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one ) , we may share some information about you with that referring website .
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here .
Companies within our corporate family .
This sharing enables us to provide you , if you have consented to it , with information about products and services , both travel-related and other , which we believe might interest you .
To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information , they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and , at a minimum , give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future .
We also may share your information :
In response to subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process ; to establish or exercise our legal rights ; to defend against legal claims ; or as otherwise required by law .
In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us .
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities ; to protect and defend the rights , property , or safety of our company or this website , our customers , or others ; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements .
In connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy .
Other than as set out above , you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information .
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties , including advertisers and investors .
For example , we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations .
This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest .
Right to access your information and other rights
You can access to your personal account ( which is created by our system when you reserve through venere.com ) to ( i ) update your contact information and the related choices ( see Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information below ) and ( ii ) visualise and cancel the reservations made through Venere.com .
You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below .
Please note that after you close an account , you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information .
However , a new account will be opened if you make another reservation through Venere.com .
Whether or not you hold an account with us , if you have subscribed to receive our offers and news via e-mail , then you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe in any such email we send you either by clicking on the opt-out link in the email or by contacting us at the email address listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not hold an account with us or wish to contact us in relation to any personal information that is not displayed in your account you may ask us to access , delete and modify the information that we hold about you by emailing us at the email address listed below .
You may revoke the consent to the processing of your information provided when accepting this Privacy Policy by sending an email to address listed at the bottom of this page .
In particular , you are entitled to exercise all rights provided under article 7 of the Italian Data Protection Code which for your convenience is reproduced in whole below .
Italian Data Protection Code ( Legislative Decree n.196/2003 ) - Article 7
( Right to Access Personal Data and Other Rights )
A data subject [ i.e . you ] shall have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him/her exist , regardless of their being already recorded , and communication of such data in intelligible form .
A data subject shall have the right to be informed
a ) of the source of the personal data ;
b ) of the purposes and methods of the processing ;
c ) of the logic applied to the processing , if the latter is carried out with the help of electronic means ;
d ) of the identification data concerning data controller , data processors and the representative designated as per Section 5 ( 2 ) [ i.e . the representative to be designated where the Data Controller is an entity established in a territory of a country outside the European Union ] ;
e ) of the entities or categories of entity to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data in their capacity as designated representative ( s ) in the State 's territory , data processor ( s ) or person ( s ) in charge of the processing .
A data subject shall have the right to obtain
a ) updating , rectification or , where interested therein , completion/integration of the data ;
b ) erasure , anonymization or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully , including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed ;
c ) certification to the effect that the operations as per letters a ) and b ) have been notified , as also related to their contents , to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated , unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected .
A data subject shall have the right to object , in whole or in part ,
a ) on legitimate grounds , to the processing of personal data concerning him/her , even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection ;
b ) to the processing of personal data concerning him/her , where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys .
Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information
As discussed above , you can choose not to provide us with any information , although it may be needed to book your hotel or to take advantage of certain features offered on this site .
You also can add , update or delete your information and close your account as described above .
When you make a reservation through this site , you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages from us about our hotels deals , special offers and newsletters .
If you hold the personal account created when you have reserved on Venere.com you can modify your choice at any time by clicking on the link Your Reservations on this web site .
Whether you hold a personal account with us or not , you will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send .
Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications , including service announcements and administrative messages , relating to your transactions on this site , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them .
You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile number in order to receive your hotel confirmation details .
Cookies and other technologies
Please go to our Cookie Policy to get information on what type of cookies are used by Venere.com and how you can manage them .
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using this website to make travel arrangements , and we are committed to protecting the information we collect .
While no website can guarantee security , we have implemented appropriate administrative , technical , and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us .
For example , only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information , and they may only do so for permitted business functions .
In addition , we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours , and we employ firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information .
This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children .
If we gain actual knowledge that a child under the age of 14 has provided any personal information to us , we will immediately delete this information .
If any part of this website links you to other sites , those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy .
We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using , and disclosing personal information .
Transfer of Your Data Abroad
Venere belongs to a large international group of companies .
In light of this fact , we may , from time to time transfer your information to servers and/or databases in another country .
If you are visiting our website from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored , and processed in the United States , where part of our servers are located and a central database is operated .
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country , but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected .
By using our services , you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future .
We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website .
How you can contact us
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy ( or your travel planning or purchases ) , please email us or write to us at :
United Kingdom : 020 3027 7153
Ireland : ( 01 ) 524 5487
Australia : 02 8023 8756
Saudi Arabia : 0044 203 027 9504
Belgium : 02 200 8514
Switzerland : 44 511 83 88
Russia : 499 272 2031
Portugal : 217 616 226
Venere Net S.r.l .
Attn : Customer Care
Via Della Camilluccia 693
This Privacy Statement is effective as of 16 June 2011

Verizon is Committed to Protecting Your Privacy
At Verizon , we are committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy protections for customers .
Our privacy policy is designed to inform you about the information we collect , how we use it , and your options about certain uses of information .
Key elements of our full privacy policy are summarized below .
Verizon 's privacy policy applies to customers of the Verizon family of companies in the United States and to visitors to Verizon websites .
It does not apply to Verizon Business customers outside the United States .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Verizon collects and uses information about our customers and website visitors when you interact with us , when you use our products and services , and when you visit our websites .
This information is used to deliver , provide , and repair products or services ; establish and maintain customer accounts and billing records ; contact you about our products and services and direct offers or promotions to you ; monitor website statistics ; and manage and protect our networks .
Information may also be aggregated or anonymized for business and marketing uses by us or by third parties .
We may also obtain consumer information ( such as demographic and interest data ) from outside companies who provide such data .
We use this data and combine it with other information we have to help us predict customer preferences and direct marketing offers .
Information Provided to or Used by Third-Party Advertisers
You may see third-party advertisements on some Verizon websites , services , or devices .
In some instances , advertisers seek to provide advertising that may be more relevant to your interests .
They do this , for example , by placing cookies on your browser and using them to collect information about your visit on our websites .
They may combine this information with similar information obtained from other websites .
We also may provide third-party advertisers with the ability to target their ads using geographic or demographic information about customers .
This information does not identify you individually .
You have choices and may limit the use of your information .
Within the Verizon Family of Companies :
Verizon shares customer information within our family of companies .
You can limit our sharing of certain types of customer information , known as Customer Proprietary Network Information , for marketing purposes .
Outside the Verizon Family of Companies :
Except in circumstances explained in our Privacy Policy , in privacy policies for specific services , or in agreements with our customers , Verizon does not sell , license or share information that individually identifies our customers with others outside of Verizon for non-Verizon purposes without your consent .
We may share information with our vendors and partners for business purposes and when necessary for them to perform work on our behalf .
Verizon may also share certain non-personal identifiable information with outside companies to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns or preparing and sharing aggregate business and marketing reports .
How to Limit the Sharing and Use of Your Information
You may choose to opt out of the sharing of specific customer information , within the Verizon family of companies for certain marketing purposes .
You may request to be removed from the Verizon telemarketing lists at any time .
Marketing Email , Postal Mail and Door-to-Door Calls :
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related emails , text messages , or postal mailings or prevent door-to-door marketing .
Information Used for Online Advertising :
You have choices about whether certain information collected on websites , including Verizon 's , is used to customize advertising based on predictions generated from your visits over time and across different websites .
Wireless Location Services :
Verizon Wireless services that use mobile device location data provide you with notice about the collection and use of this data as well as choices about whether specific location-tracking features available on your phone are turned on .
FiOS TV Services :
Specific privacy protections apply to Verizon 's FiOS and other fiber-to-the-premises services .
Customers may opt-out of participating in relevant advertising programs on their Internet access services or their FiOS television service .
Business and Marketing Reports :
Verizon Wireless customers may opt-out of allowing Verizon Wireless to use their information to create aggregated business and marketing reports .
Age-based content controls are available for parents of Verizon 's Internet , Wireless and TV services .
Verizon has technical , administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to , use or disclosure of customer information we maintain .
If you have questions , concerns or suggestions related to our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , you may contact us at :
1300 I Street , NW
Washington , DC 20005
Accessing and Updating Your Information
You may correct inaccuracies in your information by calling a customer service representative or by accessing your online account and updating your information .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If Verizon elects to use or disclose information that identifies you as an individual in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our policy at the time we collected that information from you , we will give you a choice regarding such use or disclosure by appropriate means , which may include use of an opt-out mechanism .
Verizon is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
2009 , 2011-2013 Verizon .
All Rights Reserved .

Privacy and Data Policy
VG247.com will use information collected about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998
VG247.com may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to VG247.com ( such as your name , email address and contact details ) when you subscribe or sign up to VG247.com .
VG247.com may also record which parts of VG247.com and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use .
This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to :
process your User Content and your subscription to VG247.com and to enable your use of VG247.com and associated services ;
open and run your account and provide you with an up to date , efficient and reliable service ;
administer prize draws ;
generally run VG247.com ;
send you newsletters and alerts when you sign up for or subscribe to them .
By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use .
From time to time VG247.com also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you .
VG247.com will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent .
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , VG247.com is registered with the Information Commissioner [ notification number Z6679757 ] .
If you believe VG247.com has information about you that you do not want VG247.com to have or that is incorrect , please contact VG247.com as described below and VG247.com shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable .
If you have any other concerns over privacy , this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact VG247.com as described below .
VG247.com gives you a choice whether or not you want VG247.com or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers , events and new services or related activities that you may find useful .
VG247.com wo n't sell or trade personal information to other companies but VG247.com would like to keep you informed of the developments on VG247.com and certain Content and VG247.com would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you ( inside or outside the EU ) .
VG247.com will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already .
VG247.com uses cookies ' on VG247.com .
Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited VG247.com before is recorded on your computer and used by VG247.com to improve VG247.com and the services available to you .
If you do not wish for VG247.com to use cookies when you use VG247.com please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies .
Your computer 's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use VG247.com and the Content .
If you do n't disable cookies VG247.com will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the Content submission forms so that you can use VG247.com with less form filling .
All email and other communications sent by VG247.com and attachments thereto are intended only for the addressee and/or others authorised to receive them .

This privacy policy explains what personal information is collected through this Web site , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded .
Unless indicated otherwise , this policy applies only to personal information collected through the Web site , microsites , or mobile sites of our brands and lines of business that expressly adopt , and display or link to , this policy .
These brands and lines of business include Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink , and Pink Nation .
By `` personal information '' we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like tastes and preferences ) if coupled with your identifying information ( `` personally identifying information '' ) .
We may refer to all our brands and lines of business ( i.e. , Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink ( or `` Pink '' ) , and Pink Nation ( by Pink ) ) as `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' throughout this privacy policy .
This privacy policy answers these questions :
What personal information is collected at our Web site , and how is it used ?
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have ?
How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content ?
What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands ( or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us ) ?
What choices do you have over how your information is used ?
How do you update your personal information ?
How do we secure your information on our site ?
Where is personal information stored and processed ?
Whom should you contact with questions or concerns ?
When was this policy last updated ?
What personal information is collected at our Web site and how is it used ?
Information You Directly Provide through this Site
We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with Web sites .
Examples of the information we collect include name , address , phone number , email address , personal preferences , credit card number , purchase and ordering information , demographical information , responses to survey questions and sizing information .
This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and Pink mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys ; join Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation ; enter contests or sweepstakes ; or interact with special-event or program offers .
We may also collect information that you provide about people you know .
For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders .
We use personally identifying information to do things like :
process your online orders ;
open an online account at your request ;
personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ;
provide customer service , whether it 's responding to a request or following up on an order ;
include you in surveys and contests ;
enable you to post your content , such as comments or images ;
facilitate networks of online social activity centered around our products and services ;
improve our website , improve the manner in which offers are made on our website , improve purchase decisions of our visitors and the interactions visitors have with our website ;
enable you to interact with third-party content service providers , whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment ; and
market products and services for each of our brands -- for instance , by adding you to the Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink email list or Victoria 's Secret print-catalog list when you make an online purchase ; or by adding you to the Pink Nation email list if you sign up for Pink Nation .
Information We Observe or Collect through Technology
When you visit this Web site , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate .
Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it does n't contain your name , address , phone number , email address or other information that directly identifies you .
However , we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it .
Cookies and Clear gifs
To better understand what you do while on our site , we use a browser feature known as a cookie .
A cookie is a small data file that 's stored by your Web browser on your computer .
It 's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site , what you click on , and remember you and your online purchases when you return .
This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and both your online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) interactions and purchase history .
We also use clear-gifs ( also known as a Web beacon or Web bug ) on our Web site and in our emails .
A clear gif is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a Web page , Web-based document or e-mail message .
It helps us do things like view the URL of the page on which the clear gif appears and the time our Web site or email in question is viewed .
Clear gifs in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience .
These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like mostfor example , by keeping track of the number of times a video , widget or other media is accessed or embedded on social networking sites ; and on which social networking sites it is embedded , based on inquiries that are sent to our Web site .
Cookies and clear gifs also allow us to associate your online navigational information , or purchases and interactions ( both online and offline ) , with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , survey responses , and email address ) .
We 'll associate this information to deliver products and services to you ; to improve our business ; to transact business ; and to market our products and services on this and other Web sites and through a variety of media like email , mobile advertising , and direct mail .
As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag .
That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart .
We can also use this technology to determine whether you 'd be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences .
The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes .
Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology
Third-party service providers help us provide certain features on our site and analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences .
They may also help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other web sites ( often referred to as `` online network advertising '' ) .
The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services .
We use third-party services to provide certain features on our Web site .
These third parties use some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology to provide these features .
We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Web sites , and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets .
These third parties may serve surveys to determine satisfaction with the Web site and then tie the responses to actual behavior on the Web site , which will allow us to improve our Web sites and Web capabilities .
They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology .
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have ?
We contract with third-party advertising companies to deliver tailored online display and banner advertising to you on other Web sites .
To serve this advertising , these third-party companies place , use , or rely on technology , such as cookies and clear gifs , as customers interact with us through our Web sites and interact with other Web sites .
Once this information is gathered , it helps us select tailored ads for placement on these other Web sites , based on a customers combined online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) shopping history and experience with us .
For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in , and the effect of opting out , click the following : [ NAI Opt Out click here ] and [ DAA Opt Outclick here ] ( you 'll then leave this site for centrally managed online sites where you may specify your preferences under those programs ) .
You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through use of these technologies .
You should also note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track headers from some or all browsers .
How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content ?
We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content .
We do this for your convenience .
We do n't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties .
And we do n't control and are n't responsible for their Web practices .
It is possible that the third party providing content through our Web site may collect or observe information through its use of technology.Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Web site for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience ( unless there 's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise ) .
Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices .
Here 's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties :
We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo ! There you can get quick location , driving , and contact information for our stores .
We may provide content on our Web site that exists on other Web sites , such as live or recorded video , through a frame surrounded by content from our Web site ( this framed content is referred to as an iFrame ) .
The iFrame is used to facilitate easy access to the content from the other Web site .
Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites
We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys .
Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you 're still in our Web site environment .
In these cases , the third-party 's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event .
So please take note of who 's running the event in question ; and the terms , conditions , and policies that apply .
Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites
We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content .
This may include easy click-through access or even `` single sign-on '' to these sites .
The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites .
The Angel Credit Card Site
We enable you to navigate easily to the site of World Financial Network Bank ( WFNNB ) , where you can apply for the Angel card and pay invoices online .
WFNNB issues and owns the Angel credit card accounts .
When you apply online for an Angel credit card or pay your account online , you leave our site and interact directly with WFNNB .
Any information you provide to WFNNB is subject to WFNNB 's terms , conditions , and policies , including its privacy policy .
Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs
We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us .
If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Web site through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership .
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies sponsoring these membership programs .
Their terms , conditions , and policies apply to any information that 's provided to them to further their programs .
What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands ( or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us ) ?
We may also share the information described in this policy , like postal and email address , customer preferences , and purchase history within our corporate family so that our affiliates may market to you .
Our affiliates include such brands as Bath & Body Works , Beauty Avenues , Inc. , C.O .
Bigelow , Henri Bendel , White Barn , the La Senza family of brands , Mast Global , and Slatkin & Co..
We use third-party `` back-office '' contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale .
They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , provide some customer service through chat features , monitor site activity , serve surveys and provide analysis from the surveys when combined with website use , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , ( e.g. , from Victoria 's Secret or Pink Nation ) , administer and send mobile messages ( e.g. , from Pink ) , serve ads on this and other Web sites as described above and provide consulting services .
Contractors may also assist us in hosting microsites and mobile Web sites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described above ( see What Personal Information Is Collected At Our Web Site , and How Is It Used ? )
We may share your name , postal address , and summary purchase information with other merchants and merchant exchanges .
Other merchants may , in turn , use this information to send you offers on their products and services .
If you do n't want this information shared with these merchants and exchanges , please click here .
Law Enforcement and Emergency Response
We may disclose specific information about our Web-site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it 's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers , the public , or our business .
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets , including a brand or line of business , consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with the transaction .
Nothing in this policy restricts our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you .
What choices do you have over how your information is used ?
If you make an online purchase you may receive Victoria 's Secret or Victoria 's Secret Pink email .
You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email or by completing the removal from e-mail form .
If you have joined Pink Nation , you may receive Pink Nation email .
If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of Pink Nation email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each Pink Nation message .
Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question .
We may occasionally provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties .
If you do opt in , we 'll share your e-mail address with the specific third party in question .
Please review their privacy policies to see how they treat your personal information .
If you 've signed up for mobile text messaging offers ( e.g. , from Pink ) but later decide you no longer wish to receive offers from one or both of these brands or lines of business , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message .
Postal Mail : Catalogs
If you 'd like to specify your preferences for our catalogues ( including or postal-mail offers ) , simply follow the instructions on each such catalogue , or dial 1-800-411-5116 .
To reduce postal mail click here .
Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation
Please keep in mind that Pink Nation is a separate and stand-alone program , which you may join by visiting the Pink Nation Web site .
Accordingly , your unsubscribe preferences for Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink wo n't affect your Pink Nation preferences ( and vice versa ) .
Please specify those preferences separately .
Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising
You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer .
Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies .
Note that blocking cookies may not block the `` first-party '' cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site .
By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our Web sites and other Web sites .
Otherwise , clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time .
Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies .
Many Web sites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect .
With respect to cookies used as part of a survey , if you do not want the use of cookies to associate survey responses with your behavior on the site , you can elect to not take the survey .
If you want to opt out of the display of our online advertising , which appears on other Web sites , and which is based on the association of your online information with your offline information through interactions with us ( purchase information , in particular ) , then please click the preference icon that may appear on such advertising .
Additionally , if you want more information about online network advertising , in general , including access to some online network advertisers that allow you to designate your preferences , click here ( you 'll then leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you may specify your preferences ) .
If you do n't want your basic contact and purchase information shared with other marketers ( other than our affiliates and our contractor/service providers ) , please click here .
If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates ( such as Bath & Body Works ) , please call 1-800-411-5116 and request not to have your information shared .
How do you update your personal information ?
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date .
You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information , and other account information , by logging onto our sites ( e.g. , Your Account on Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink , or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account ) .
You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here .
How do we secure your information on our site ?
This Web site has the following types of security measures : limited access data-centers , firewall technology , and secure-socket-layer ( SSL ) certificate authentication .
SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that 's transmitted over the Internet .
This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example , Internet Explorer ( version 6.0 or higher ) , Firefox ( version 3.0 or higher ) , Safari ( version 4 or higher ) , Chrome ( version 2 or higher ) , and AOL ( version 9 or higher ) .
While we implement the above security measures on this site , you should be aware that 100 % security is not always possible .
Where is personal information stored and processed ?
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries .
Our parent company ( L Brands ) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program ( developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ) specifically for our Victorias Secret and Victorias Secret Pink stores inand email sign-up Website forthe United Kingdom .
( They are governed by separate privacy policies , which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site . )
L Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union ( EU ) to the U.S .
For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view L Brands ' certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site .
If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer , please contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services
Whom should you contact with questions or concerns ?
If you have general questions about our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us .
Specific Questions about this Policy
For specific questions , concerns , or complaints contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services , who administers this policy .
You may contact this person by letter or email at :
Legal & Compliance Services
L Brands , Inc .
Columbus , OH 43230
Additionally , if you are an EU resident , and your matter is not resolved to your satisfaction through direct contact with our AVP , Privacy , you may contact the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) .
We utilize the DMA Safe Harbor Program as an independent dispute resolution mechanism to address any complaint EU residents may have regarding data privacy matters .
You may contact the DMA by letter or email at :
1615 L St. , NW Suite 1100
Washington , DC 20036
When was this policy last updated ?
Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy .
If you 're concerned about how your personal information is used , please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com .
This Privacy Statement is effective December 17 , 2013

Log In / Join
Disclaimer ; Limitation of Liability
Pro-G Media , operator of VideoGamer.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy .
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all of our Internet-based services .
The following types of personal data , may be stored by us if you choose to sign-up to the website or connect via Facebook :
Date of Birth ( Optional )
Your social/gaming network username or ID ( Optional .
May include Facebook , Twitter , Google Plus , PSN , Xbox Live or Steam )
We use third party analytical tools to help us to understand how you and other users consume the information on our website .
Most of these tools use JavaScript to log page views and other such statistical information about your visit to the site .
This data is entirely anonymous , we do not store or use any personally identifiable data about you during this process .
We collect this data to enable us to improve the user experience across the site .
How we use your info
If you create an account with us , your personal information is used to personalise your experience on the website and give you the ability to interact with us and other users .
We use your IP address and browser information to help diagnose problems with our server and to gather broad demographic information .
When we share your info
We do not generally share personally identifiable information ( such as name , address , email or phone ) with other companies except in these limited circumstances :
You provide your express consent ,
when we have a good faith belief it is required by law ,
when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property , or
to any successor or purchaser in a merger , acquisition , liquidation , dissolution or sale of assets .
Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases , but we will attempt to notify you , to the extent permitted by law to do so .
How we store your info
Personal information is stored on a secure database server , sensitive information such as a password is encrypted and non-reversible .
Information gathered through the use of cookies is not related to any personally identifiable details .
Many browsers are set to accept cookies .
You may prefer to set your browser to refuse cookies .
It is possible , however , that some areas of the site will not function properly if you do so .
Definition of a cookie .
Accessing or removing your data
At any point you may request a copy of the personal data we stored about you , you may also request for such data to be entirely removed from our database by contacting us .
This privacy policy was last updated on 15/02/2013 .
Our privacy policy may change from time to time .
If we make any material changes to our policies , we will place a prominent notice on our website or application .
If the change materially affects registered users , we will send a notice to you by email or private message via the site .
Disclaimer ; Limitation of Liability
There are currently not enough games with scores .
The Legend of Zelda : A ...
TMNT : Out of the Shadows
TMNT : Out of the Shadows
TMNT : Out of the Shadows
Grand Theft Auto 5
Assassin 's Creed 4 : Bl ...
Call of Duty : Ghosts

Video Gamer Network Privacy Policy
Sites Covered by this Privacy Policy :
Last update : March 2013
This document describes the privacy practices for Video Gamer Network and the sites listed above as , sites covered by this provacy policy , hereafter known as 'the sites ' .
This policy makes clear that there is a possibility that 'the sites ' could be sold or merge with or be acquired by another entity .
Should this occur , you should expect that 'the sites ' would share some or all of your information with the other entity .
Information We Collect Via Log Files And Cookies
User information is collected via internal server logs , IP addresses are recorded when users make a submission to us , via our online submission system .
We also use a third party tracking pixel which collects data such as a user 's most recent visit , the URL they came from , the URL they visit next , the browser they are using , and their IP address .
We evaluate this data on an aggregate basis and does not associate the information with a user 's personal identity .
We also use cookies on our websites and our on site advertising may contain cookies which are tracked by third parties .
Information We Collect Via User Registration
On registration for certain services , such as becoming a member on SuperCheats.com we ask for your preferred username , an e-mail address ( so we can contact you if needed and to confirm your registration ) , your date of birth ( so we can make sure nobody under 13 registers ) , your country where you are located ( so we know where our users are located , this helps in our server location planning and for marketing purposes ) , sex ( this helps us in our marketing and to know best which services to provide for our demographic ) , platforms you own ( helps us to know which areas of our site our users are interested in ) , and whether or not you would like to opt in to receive our newsletter .
We may ask users for personal information when they
enter a sweepstakes , contest , or promotion , either sponsored by us or one of our business partners ;
take one of our polls or fill out a marketing survey ;
sign up for and/or use our services e.g . our forums , ;
or use our Send to a Friend functionality .
When providing the sites with information , a user is asked to enter their name and/or email address , and has the option to provide additional information .
Their mailing address and demographic information may be required to enter contests .
How We Use the Information We Collect
to better understand the demographics , interests and behavior of our collective audience
to deliver advertisements and promotions targeted to our users ' interests
to deliver promotional information from the sites or its sponsors provided the user opted in for these notifications .
Web Media Network Ltd. uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Who Else Might See The Information We Collect
Advertisers and partners using aggregate anonymous data to profile our collective audience .
Third parties with whom our partners share aggregate anonymous information .
Independent market research companies pursuant to confidentiality agreements .
Law enforcement , other government officials or third parties to comply with applicable law or legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public , or if a user violates the sites terms of service .
How You Can Delete , Update or Correct Your Information the sites
A user can also unsubscribe from the sites newsletter and promotional databases by following the `` unsubscribe '' instructions given in every newsletter and promotional email .
On our websites , including SuperCheats.com , registration by children under the age of 13 is strictly prohibited .
We reserve the right to remove details of anybody who registers whom we believe to be under 13 and to ban their IP address from our website .
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy from time to time without notification to users of our sites .
We suggest that you check back regularly for updates .

We hope that you enjoy using our website , safe in the knowledge that we are committed to protecting your privacy and security online .
If you would like to know how we currently use cookies , please view our dedicated cookies page .
We are in the process of developing our cookie technology and will provide updates to this Policy accordingly .
Worried about providing us with information online ? Let us put your mind at rest .
Find out more about :
Virgin Atlantic is based on a partnership with our customers and this extends to the way we handle your personal information .
We make a point of working with our customers when it comes to their information privacy .
Here at Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited ( `` Virgin Atlantic '' / '' we '' / '' us '' ) we are committed to protecting your privacy online as securely as we would our passenger information in our reservations and customer loyalty systems .
You have control over the information we store about you and what types of information ( if any ) you would like to receive from us .
This Privacy Policy describes information that we collect about you ; how we use and protect this information ; and the choices you can make about how we use it .
Information we collect about you
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources , including information we collect from you directly ; information we collect about you when you visit our site , use our services or contact us ; and information we collect about you from other sources .
Information we collect directly from you :
When making a flight booking we ask you for your name ; contact details such as phone and e-mail ; loyalty programme details ( if applicable ) ; credit card details , your meal preference and occasionally information pertaining to your health
When making a flight booking we will ask for your name , date of birth and gender for the purpose of Secure Flight .
Further information about Secure Flight and the Redress Policy .
When managing your bookings , we provide you with the online facility to review and make certain amendments to your bookings including providing us with additional information
When checking in online we ask you for name ; date of birth ; gender ; contact details such as phone and email and frequent flyer details ( if applicable ) .
If you are flying on a route requiring an Advanced Passenger Information form , we also collect your passport number ; the country your passport was issued in and the expiry date .
When joining or using our Flying Club loyalty programme , we ask you for your name ; contact details such as email and phone numbers ; address and date of birth .
When joining or using our Flying Co corporate loyalty programme , we ask you for your name ; name of a secondary contact ; names and membership numbers of existing Flying Club members , and names of new Flying Club members to be linked to the Flying Co account ; contact details such as email and phone numbers ; company name and address ; country .
You may be required to provide sensitive personal information about yourself or others , for example , your dietary requirements or health details ( if applicable ) .
We do not seek any other sensitive personal information online but if you provide us with any other sensitive personal information by telephone , email or by other means , we will treat that sensitive personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Virgin Atlantic Airways invites you to conduct an online text chat with one of our agents to help you complete your booking .
By using this service you agree to the information you provide being shared with a carefully selected third party who manages this process on our behalf .
Telephone calls made to and from our Contact Centres may be recorded and monitored for the purpose of quality assurance , training , security and for business purposes .
Information we collect from other sources
In order to keep our customers information up to date as much as possible and the offers we make as relevant as possible , we may supplement it with information from other sources .
This may include information such as home movers , interests and geographic profiles .
How we use this information
To provide the services you want
We may use information we collect about you to provide the services you request and to manage our site and records as well as to help us improve these services to you .
So that we can keep you informed of important administrative or service messages , we need to use your information to contact you , even where you have told us you do not wish to receive direct marketing .
The following are examples of how we may use your information :
When we process an airline ticket for you
So that we are able to contact you , if we need more information or if there are any changes to our flights
In order to update and/or amend your flight as requested and contact you if we need more information
So that we can retrieve your booking for you and to check you in online
To better manage your travel experience
To help us service any post-flight queries
To help us develop technology to better serve you in the future
When you travel on a route requiring an Advanced Passenger Information form , we collect this additional information to comply with requirements for passenger entry to our destinations .
This information will only be used for the specified purpose and it will not be given to any third party , except to the extent and for the purpose we may be required to do so by any law or for the fulfilment of this contract between us
So that we may send eligible passengers Flying Club communications , including a welcome pack
So that we may send eligible companies Flying Co programme communications , including a welcome pack
When using live chat to assist you
And , if you give us sensitive personal Information , you are giving your explicit consent for Virgin Atlantic to collect , process , disclose or transfer , and store it so we can fulfil your requirements or for safety reasons ( e.g . using your dietary requirement Information for the specific purpose of providing you with a suitable in-flight meal ) .
Your sensitive personal information will not be disclosed to any third-parties ( except to the extent and the purpose that Virgin Atlantic Airways may be required to do so by any law , legislation , enactment , safety reason , or for the fulfilment of this contract between us in order to satisfy your requirements , and to ensure that the disclosure is safe ) .
We would like to be able to share with you information about other products and services , special offers , exclusive fares and other news , so that you can take advantage of the best we can offer .
Of course , we will only use your information in this way where you have given us the OK to do so .
Where you have given us your consent Virgin Atlantic would like to keep in touch with you by post , phone and electronic mail with account updates , news , special offers and promotions .
Where you have given us your consent other Virgin companies and our partners may also like to get in touch by post , phone and electronic mail about products and services which they think will interest you .
We may disclose your information to third parties , like data processing companies , who may provide marketing services on our behalf .
You will not be directly contacted by third parties as a result of giving us your details .
We will use the most recent consent you have given us , or the most specific consent , subject to the time it takes us to reflect these changes in our systems and/or processes .
We will try to ensure that customers do not receive duplicate communications even if you have given your consent to marketing to more than one Virgin company .
You may opt-out of direct marketing by us at any time by contacting us .
You may also opt-out of any direct marketing by any other Virgin company by contacting them directly .
This information we hold on you will not be given to any third party , except to the extent and for the purpose we may be required to do so by any law or for the fulfilment of this contract between us , or if 'We ' are sold to another company .
We disclose information to :
We may occasionally use third party companies to manage collation , processing and storage of your personal information and sensitive personal information on our behalf .
These companies are carefully selected and screened to ensure maximum protection of your security and privacy and are permitted to use the Information only in accordance with our instructions .
Transferring information to border control agencies
Please note that Virgin Atlantic and all other airlines are now required by law to give US Customs and other border control agencies access to certain passenger information .
Accordingly , any such Advance Passenger Information - including sensitive personal information - that Virgin Atlantic holds about you and your travel arrangements may be disclosed to those agencies in the countries to which you are travelling .
You understand and accept that if your information is disclosed to third parties outside the European Economic Area ( the European Union plus , Iceland , Norway and Liechtenstein ) , those third parties may reside in territories which may not have suitable data protection provisions in place , but every effort will be made to ensure that your information is processed only for the purpose set out above , and for no other purposes .
Travel between the European Union and the United States
Certain travel and reservation information is transferred between the European Union and the United States in order to help US authorities prevent and combat terrorism and other serious transnational crimes .
Further information on travel between the European Union and United States
We are committed to keeping personal information secure .
We have appropriate technical , administrative and physical procedures in place to protect personal information from loss , misuse or alteration , and ensure it is only accessible by those who have a business need .
What credit cards do we accept ?
For online booking we accept most major credit and debit cards including Visa , MasterCard , American Express , Diners Club & JCB .
Is your credit card number secure online ?
We use the latest SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology , which ensures that any communications between your computer and ourselves is unreadable by anyone else .
Your details are communicated in a secure encrypted format and we can check that the information has not been tampered with in any way .
Most browsers have some type of indicator to let you know if you have established a secure connection .
If you are not sure , then consult the help section of your browser .
If your browser does not support SSL technology then we recommend that you update to the latest version .
Virgin Atlantic also uses 3D Secure which is a new technical standard developed by Visa and MasterCard which aims to further secure 'Card Not Present ' ( CNP ) transactions over the Internet .
This is the payment industry 's internet authentication standard which has been developed by the major card schemes .
Visa has called their version of the scheme 'Verified by Visa ' and MasterCard have called their equivalent initiative 'MasterCard SecureCode ' .
These are both collectively referred to as 3D Secure which is the on-line equivalent of 'chip and pin ' .
Links to other Websites and their security and privacy policies
In our website we also provide links to other websites for your convenience and information .
Please be aware that these sites may have different security & privacy policies and we have no control over and take no responsibility for any information submitted to these sites
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Privacy Policy is reviewed regularly to ensure that it reflects how we use your information .
Any changes will be notified to you by updating this policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 15 May 2012
How to contact us
How to change your Personal Information
At any time you can choose to change your personal details , withdraw from our Flying Club or Flying Co loyalty programme , or subscribe to receive news and special offers from Virgin Atlantic .
a ) If you have made an online booking
If after purchasing a flexible ticket online , you wish to request changes to your flight details , you can do this by contacting us .
b ) If you have joined our loyalty programme Flying Club or Flying Co
To cancel your membership telephone the Flying Club helpline telephone number .
To cancel your membership , please call the Flying Co helpline telephone number .
c ) If you have subscribed to receive news and special offers from Virgin Atlantic
A link will appear at the bottom of each email sent to you which will enable you to unsubscribe from receiving this information .
If you wish to receive a copy of the information we hold about you
You are entitled to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you .
Simply submit a request by printing off , completing and sending in the form within the following link .
If you require Proof of Travel
We are happy to provide Proof of Travel letters as requested and without charge .
Simply submit a signed written request as per the instructions available on the following link :
Proof of Travel Letter

VirtualTourist.com 's Privacy Statement
The policy below is applicable to all VirtualTourist.com sites and to VirtualTourist.com in general .
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us .
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy .
As part of the operations of VirtualTourist.com , we gather certain types of information about VirtualTourist.com users .
This VirtualTourist.com Privacy Policy ( the `` Privacy Policy '' ) explains the types of information we gather , what we do with it and how you may correct or change information that VirtualTourist.com may collect .
Information Collected by VirtualTourist.com
VirtualTourist.com collects two types of information about users : personal information ( such as name and e-mail address ) and aggregate information ( such as information about how many users log on to our sites on a daily basis ) .
Personal information is collected when users voluntarily register for membership services .
Personal information includes e-mail addresses , user registration data , passwords , external homepages , gender , birth date , interests , hobbies , travel preferences and any other user data .
We may also receive personal usage and demographic information from our third-party partners , and we also collect e-mail addresses from users who send us support mail or request technical or other help .
This information enables VirtualTourist.com to improve its sites to make your online visits more productive and enjoyable .
Our site 's registration form requires users to , among other information , give us a valid e-mail address .
We use customer e-mail addresses from the registration form to inform you of the status of your Travel Page , new membership benefits and features , to let you know of urgent problems on our site , and to present special members-only opportunities to buy products and services that are appropriate to the interests of our community .
One method of collecting aggregate information about your activities online ( such as the pages you access most frequently or the search terms you enter ) , and information volunteered by you ( such as survey or registration information ) , is by tracking Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses .
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web .
The computers that deliver the Web pages to you automatically identify your computer by its IP address .
When you request a page from one of our sites , our servers log your IP address .
VirtualTourist.com sites record IP addresses for the purpose of system administration and to provide aggregate data to advertisers about the volume of use on our sites .
We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server , and to administer our Web site .
In addition , your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information .
Sharing Data with Third Parties
VirtualTourist.com shares aggregate information with third parties for advertising and promotional purposes .
VirtualTourist.com may also share personal information with consultants and affiliates for internal business purposes and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed , or if VirtualTourist.com believes that membership has been used to commit unlawful acts , or acts that may endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public .
VirtualTourist.com sites use 'cookies ' to record information .
A cookie is a small data file that Web sites store on your hard drive when you visit them .
Cookies allow us to measure activity on our sites and to improve your user experience by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , and allowing you to visit various members-only parts of our sites without re-registering .
Cookies allow us to determine which areas and features of our sites are most popular by measuring user activity .
This information allows us to make improvements and updates to improve your VirtualTourist.com experience .
VirtualTourist.com sites do not use cookies to retrieve any information from your computer .
Most browsers are set to accept cookies .
If you prefer , you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent .
However , some parts of our sites , such as the members-only areas will not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies .
Links to Third Parties
This site contains links to sites other than our own .
Those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as VirtualTourist.com .
Such links may be to advertisers , content providers or partners who may use our logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding or application service provider agreements .
These sites may send their own cookies to you , and may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with VirtualTourist.com 's privacy policy .
Such sites may contain information that content providers independent of VirtualTourist.com have created , maintained , published , posted or otherwise made available .
The use of any information or materials that you may access at these external sites is purely voluntary .
You should not rely on the contents without independent and thorough review of the accuracy , completeness , effectiveness , timeliness and correct sequencing .
These external sites may also refer to specific commercial products , processes , or services by trade name , trademark , service mark , manufacturer or otherwise .
Unless VirtualTourist.com has provided explicit authority , such references in no way indicate our endorsement , recommendation or preference .
VirtualTourist.com also uses a third-party ad company to display ads on our site .
These ads may contain cookies .
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site , cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , and we do not have access to this information .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
Information posted to message boards , chat areas , clubs and home pages is available to the general public and becomes public information .
In addition , the site offers to visitors the possibility to provide their own content .
PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION WHEN DECIDING TO DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to provide any personally identifying information while using chat rooms or message boards .
Users of chat areas and message boards must follow acceptable standards of behavior when posting messages online .
VirtualTourist.com reserves the right to , but is not obligated to , refuse or delete any content that in our sole discretion is considered inappropriate .
VirtualTourist.com encourages parents and guardians to spend time with their children online , and to be familiar with the sites their children visit .
No information is permitted to be either submitted to , or posted on , our sites by users under the age of 13 .
VirtualTourist.com relies on our users to be truthful in responding to the question of age .
VirtualTourist.com will not provide any personally identifying information about users under the age of 13 , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever without first requesting parental permission .
Our Web site meets the guidelines of TRUSTe 's Children 's program , since we do not allow children under the age of 13 to become members of our site or publish any personal content or information .
We give users the option to remove their e-mail address from our database at any time and to not receive future communications and to no longer receive the membership benefits of our service .
This site provides users with options for changing and modifying information previously provided .
You can edit your personal information on your ? Settings ? page .
You can edit the content , provided by you , through ? Edit ? links on the corresponding pages or delete the content through ? Delete ? links on the corresponding pages .
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure .
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of VirtualTourist.com to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully .
While we strive to protect your personal information , VirtualTourist.com can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us .
Any such transmission is done at your own risk .
Under no circumstances , including but not limited to negligence , shall VirtualTourist.com be liable for any special , incidental or consequential damages that result from the use of the information or materials on VirtualTourist.com sites , even if VirtualTourist.com or an authorized representative of VirtualTourist.com , has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
VirtualTourist.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
Any such changes will be posted online .
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR UNDERSTANDING AND AGREEMENT TO COMPLY WITH THE ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY .

Vistaprint values your privacy and appreciates your trust in us .
This Privacy Policy explains how we use , share and protect the personally identifiable information that we collect about you ( Personal Information ) and the choices you have .
By visiting or using our Website , you agree to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information about you collected by our affiliates or third party websites that may post links or advertisements on or otherwise be accessible from the Website .
The information collected by these affiliates or third party websites is subject to their own privacy policies .
At Vistaprint we use cookies to : keep track of what items you have in your basket , remember you when you return to our website and to improve your experience on our website .
For example , cookies allow us to recall your past activities and site preferences , tailor parts of our website to your needs and make special offers to you , as well as identify and resolve errors .
We would like to point out that cookies do n't harm your device .
We do not usually store your sensitive or personally identifiable information in cookies we create .
If we do , we obtained that information from you directly as you would have provided it to us via our website and we only use it for the purposes outlined in this Cookies and Privacy Policy .
All the information we gather from cookies is secure .
We also work with selected third party companies who may also set cookies on your device during your visit to our website .
They use the information collected from their cookies to serve ads to you on different products and services based on what you may be interested in .
They may also use cookies to track your response to their ad , to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to award incentives or points to their members who respond to their ads .
It 's important for you to know that we have no access to , or control over cookies used by our selected third party companies .
We do not share any of your personally identifiable information such as your name , telephone number or address with these companies , except in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
If you have purchased a website through Vistaprint , we only use one cookie on Vistaprint hosted websites .
We use this cookie to count the number of unique visitors , so we know how many people visit the websites we host and to report that to you via your website dashboard .
This cookie is not used for anything else beyond this .
It does not use or store any personally identifiable information and other companies who provide websites like us , also use similar types of cookies on their customers websites .
For more information on how to manage cookies on your Vistaprint website click on this link
Cookies and my Vistaprint website
We collect a variety of information from our customers and visitors to the Website .
As described below , some information is automatically collected when you visit our Website or purchase something , and some you provide to us when registering or filling out a form , buying a product or service or communicating with us .
We may also acquire information from third parties .
Information Collected Automatically : Whenever you visit our Website , we automatically collect some information about your transactions with us , and your use of our Website .
For example , we automatically collect your IP address , the type of operating system and web browser you use and related information .
We also automatically track certain information about your activities on our Website such as the pages you visit .
If you are a registered Vistaprint customer , we link this automatically-collected data to the Personal Information we collect to help us customize your experience on our Website and improve our service to you .
Information You Provide Us : If you provide us with Personal Information by filling out a form , registering for an account , making a purchase or contacting us , we collect that Personal Information .
For example , if you register on our Website , we collect your name , e-mail address and password .
If you place an order with us , we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us such as your shipping , billing , and payment information .
You may also have the option to store credit card or other payment information to make it easier to purchase products or service from the Website in the future .
If you design and personalize a product , such as a business card , we collect the Personal Information you use to customize the product , such as the name of your business or your professional title .
If you contact our customer services agents , you may also provide us with Personal Information that we collect .
From time-to-time , Vistaprint may give you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes , contests or surveys on our Website .
If you participate , we will collect certain Personal Information from you .
Participation in these sweepstakes , surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information .
Information about Your Transactions with Us : When you purchase a product or service , we collect all of your order information , such as the type of product you purchased and the costs of each product .
Reviews and Public Forums : We may provide you with the opportunity to review our products or participate in public forums associated with the Website .
Any reviews , posts or comments will be public so you should use care before posting information about yourself online .
Additional Information We Collect : From time to time , we may acquire additional information about our customers from third parties , such as the U.S . Postal Service .
We may incorporate this additional information with the existing information we collect about our customers .
Where we Process and Store Data : Vistaprint processes and stores data in Devonshire , Bermuda and in other locations for back-up and recovery purposes or to enable us to offer you certain services .
Depending on where you are located , Bermuda and the other jurisdictions where we store data may not have data protection laws that provide an equivalent level of protection to the laws in your home country or jurisdiction .
By using the Website and providing us with your Personal Information , you are consenting to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information in jurisdictions outside of your home country or jurisdiction .
Cookies and Similar Files
Our Website uses cookies and files that are similar to cookies .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers created by your browser at our request and stored on your computer .
When the cookie is stored on your computer , Vistaprint assigns you a unique customer code .
When you return to our Website , we read the cookie to identify you as one of our customers and help recall orders or preferences you have selected .
The cookie also enables us to recall your past activities , post your account data , and tailor site elements and special offers to you .
No Personal Information about you is stored on the cookie .
Most Web browsers accept cookies by default , but allow users to reject cookies by changing the browser preferences .
If you have set up your browser to reject cookies or if you delete your cookies , some aspects of our Website , including our Shopping Cart , will not work properly .
We also use ETags to store a unique customer code in the cache of your browser that allows us to identify you when you return to the Website .
The ETag allows us to tailor the Website and recall your preferences and past orders .
No Personal Information about you is stored in the ETag .
Clearing your browsers cache will delete any ETags .
If you have Adobe 's Macromedia Flash installed on your computer , we will also use a file called a Flash Object to store a unique customer code on your computer .
Unless deactivated by you , the Flash Object provides us with a backup method for recognizing you and tailoring your experience on our Website in the event that we are unable to identify your cookies .
Flash Objects are stored separately from cookies and not all browsers delete Flash Objects when you delete cookies .
If you receive emails from Vistaprint , we may use Web Beacons and similar technologies allow us to track whether you have opened the message and whether you have clicked on links contained in the message .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our behalf .
These companies may use a cookie or an action tag , also known as a Web Beacon or a 1 pixel .gif file , to tailor the advertisements you see on this Website and other sites , to track your response to their advertisement and to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to award incentives or points to their members who respond to their advertisements .
We also provide these companies with Personal Information to help them serve more relevant advertisements for our and other companies ' products .
The cookies , action tags or similar files do not contain any Personal Information .
The targeted advertising companies we work with are members of the Network Advertising Initiative .
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies , Flash Objects , ETags and similar files by Vistaprint only and does not cover the use of cookies , Flash Objects , ETags and similar files by any third party advertisers or websites linked to the Website .
Use and Disclosure of Information
We use the information that we collect about you to maintain , improve , and administer our Website , operate our business , provide products and services that you request , administer your account , inform you about products and services that might be of interest to you , and personalize your online experience .
Business Operations : In order to carry out certain business functions , such as order fulfillment , payment processing , e-mail delivery , or marketing , we sometimes hire other companies to perform services on our behalf .
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect about you to these companies to enable them to perform these services .
Communicating with You : We use Personal Information to communicate with you about your order , remind you of orders you have pending and other transactional or administrative updates as well as to send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you .
Third Party Offers : We partner with third parties to provide you with products or services that may be of interest to you .
When we do so , we may share , rent or sell your name , mailing address , phone number and information about your use of the Website and the types of products you have purchased or are interested in .
We do not share , rent or sell your email address without your explicit consent .
From time to time , we may send you offers on behalf of third parties or promote such offers on our Website .
We do not share any Personal Information with the third party , unless you accept the offer or request additional information about the offer .
If you do accept a third party offer or request additional information , we may share Personal Information with the third party and they may collect other Personal Information directly from you .
In addition , if you accept a co-branded offer presented by Vistaprint and another company , any Personal Information you provide will be collected by both Vistaprint and the third party .
Once a third party has your Personal Information , it is governed by the third party 's privacy policy .
As describe in more detail in the Your Choices section below , you can review and update your marketing preferences in the My Account section of the Website .
Law Enforcement , Protection of Vistaprint and our Customers : We may also disclose Personal Information in other circumstances as required by law .
We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to cooperate with an investigation of activities claimed to be unlawful , to enforce our Terms of Use , or to protect the rights or property of Vistaprint or others .
Merger , Sale or Acquisition : In addition , it is possible that in the future another company may acquire Vistaprint or its assets or that Vistaprint may partner with or purchase another company to continue to do business as a combined entity .
In the event that any such transaction occurs , it is possible that our customer information , including your Personal Information , may be transferred to the new business entity as one of Vistaprint 's assets .
In such an event , we will update this policy to reflect any change in ownership or control of your Personal Information .
Links to Third Party Products and Services
While you are visiting or using the Website , you may be presented with an opportunity to purchase third party products or services .
These products and services are offered and supplied by independent companies .
If you click on one of the presented offers , you will be redirected to the site of the third party , and any information you provide in response to the offer will be will be governed by the privacy and other policies of that third party .
We offer you a variety of choices with respect to how we use and share your Personal Information .
Sharing Information with Others for Marketing Purposes : If you do not want Vistaprint to share your Personal Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes , you can update your preferences by going to the My Account section of the Website or by sending a written request to the address below .
If you send a written request , please be sure to include your exact name , mailing address and telephone number ( s ) and a statement that you would like us not to share your Personal Information with other organizations that may have special offers , products or services that may be of interest to you .
Even if you do opt-out of this sharing , we may still share Personal Information about you as required by law or to carry out certain business operations , as described above , or if you purchase a product or service from a third party or request additional information about such a product or service .
Communications from Vistaprint : If you do not want to receive email communications from Vistaprint about our own or third-party products and services that may be of interest to you , you can update your preferences in the My Account section of the Website .
You can also click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of one of our emails .
We may still contact you via mail or phone , unless you request to be added to our Do-Not-Call list , and/or our Do-Not-Mail list by writing to the address below and indicating your preferences .
Please be sure to provide your exact name , e-mail address , mailing address and telephone number ( s ) and the list or lists you would like to be included on ( Do-Not-Call , and/or Do-Not-Mail ) .
Even if you opt-out of email marketing or choose to be placed on one of these lists , we may still communicate with you using any of these methods regarding your use of our Website , your orders or your account , or for similar transactional or administrative reasons .
Please note that your Personal Information may remain in our archived records after your account has been deactivated .
Updating Your Personal Information
If you wish to change your name , e-mail address , password , and/or communication preferences after you have registered , you can access your account in the My Account section of the Website .
You may also request these changes by contacting Customer Service or calling Customer Service at 1.866.614.8002 or writing to the address below .
c/o Vistaprint USA Incorporated
Copy Text to Clipboard
c/o Vistaprint USA Incorporated
We maintain reasonable physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your nonpublic Personal Information against loss , misuse , disclosure and alteration .
For example , we use Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt your credit card information when you purchase products through our Website .
When you establish an account at Vistaprint , you choose a password to help protect your account information .
A password is only as strong as you make it : you should select a unique password and keep it safe .
You may change your password as often as you wish by going to My Account section of the Website .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Vistaprint may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on our Website and changing the last modified date at the top of the Privacy Policy .
If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy , we will note the Privacy Policy has changed on the main page of the Website .
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time , so please review it frequently .
Vistaprint Address for Written Requests
Written request may be sent to the following address .
When writing to us , please be sure to include your exact name , mailing address , telephone number and specific preferences or request .
c/o Vistaprint USA , Incorporated
Special Notification for California Residents
Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Information to Vistaprint may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes .
Such requests must be submitted to us in writing at the address below .
This request may be made no more than once per calendar year .
We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified below .
Our sign-in process is designed to help protect your privacy .
If you have trouble signing in to our Website , please ensure that you are using your registered e-mail address and/or correct password .
If you are using your registered e-mail address and correct password , and you continue to have trouble signing in to our site , please contact Customer Service .
Vistaprint sends an e-mail notice confirming acceptance of each order you place to the e-mail address you provided to us when signing up for a Vistaprint account .
If you receive a confirmation for an order you did not place , please e-mail us immediately at Customer Service .

Vitacost is committed to your privacy .
This notice serves to help you better understand what information Vitacost collects , how it uses that information , and with whom Vitacost may share a limited portion of that information with .
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should contact Customer Support by email .
Vitacost knows that you value your personal information , and we protect your privacy as if it were our own .
Vitacost 's uses of your information is limited to the ways outlined in this notice , except as required by law and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website .
What kind of information about me does Vitacost collect ?
How does Vitacost use this information ?
What information can I access or modify ?
How does Vitacost secure my information ?
Can I opt-out ?
What kind of information about me does Vitacost collect ?
Vitacost collects information about you in these ways :
Order information you give us : If you place an online order , our secure order form requests contact , billing , and financial information ( such as your credit card numbers for purchases ) .
Contact information from the order form ( email address , name , billing and shipping address , and phone number ) is used to send orders and information about our company to you .
Account information : If you choose to create a Vitacost account , your login information is stored with any other information you associate with your account .
Non-personal information we receive automatically : Like most websites , Vitacost utilizes cookies .
Cookies are a mechanism to remember information about you when you navigate from one web page to another .
Our website uses cookies to hold a user 's unique session identifiers , allowing us to serve correct information back to the user .
Such information includes your shopping cart items , or whether you are logged in .
Our website cookies do not hold any personally identifiable information .
Vitacost may use other similar technologies which allow us to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to help us better your experience .
Mobile information : When you utilize our iPhone or Android phone apps , we may receive non-personally identifiable information , such as a unique identifier for your device letting us know what type of phone you are using .
How does Vitacost use this information ?
Vitacost uses information collected in these ways :
Order processing and customer service : After placing an online order , your contact information including your email address will be used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order .
Your credit card information is transmitted securely to our third part processing provider in compliance with Payment Card Industry standards .
Third-party service providers : Vitacost works closely with other companies and individuals to facilitate transactions and better your experience .
Examples of third-party service provider services include shipping orders , analyzing data , providing accurate search results and links , processing credit card payments , affiliate marketing , and newsletters .
Any information that Vitacost shares with a third-party service provider is done so safely , securely , and under a contractual relationship with that provider to protect your data .
Promotional offers : From time to time we or a service provider acting on our behalf may use your name , email address , and/or mailing address to send you an offer for a Vitacost product or service we believe to be of interest to you .
Other information you provide us : Information you provide us for specific offers or services is only used for the limited purpose for which the information is being given .
Examples of these offers or services include Refer-A-Friend , Email to a Friend , surveys , and sweepstakes .
What information can I access or modify ?
If you are a registered customer , you may log into your account and view or modify the account information on file , including personally identifiable information , recent orders , payment settings , shopping lists , and Set & Save settings .
In order to protect your personal information , only the last four numbers of any saved credit cards are viewable .
How does Vitacost secure my information ?
Vitacost utilizes technologies including Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) and database encryption to ensure the privacy of your personal information .
When you make an online purchase , our advanced security technology uses strong secure protocols to send your personal data to us , making it practically impossible for someone to intercept and extract that data .
To further protect your information , we utilize state of the art back-end systems and restrict employee access to your information .
Any time we share your information with a third party consistent with this Privacy Policy , we utilize technological and contractual safeguards to keep your information safe .
While we are confident ordering online is safe and secure , if for any reason you can not access the secure server or feel uncomfortable ordering online , please feel free to place your order with us by phone at 1-800-381-0759 .
As a general practice , it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
If using a shared computer , be sure to log out of your account prior to leaving the computer .
Can I opt-out ?
At any time you can adjust your communication preferences , including opting out of promotional mailings , from within your Vitacost account .
You also have the right to disable your account .
To do so , you may call or email Customer Service .

The Vitals.com website and the Vitals mobile application ( collectively , the `` Site '' ) is provided to You by MDx Medical , Inc. , including any of its related , affiliated and/or subsidiary companies ( individually and collectively , `` MDx , '' `` Vitals , '' `` We '' or `` Us '' ) .
The following Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the products and services offered by MDx on , through , or in connection with the Site ( collectively , the `` Products and Services '' ) .
For convenience , the words `` User , '' `` You '' and `` Your '' as used in this Privacy Policy refer to all users of the Site , including , without limitation , anyone that accesses or visits the Site ; individuals seeking to utilize the Products and Services ; and physicians , long-term care facilities , hospitals , insurers and other providers of healthcare services and persons working on their behalves who input or post or edit profiles and other content , materials and information related to them ( collectivelyte and the Vitals mobile app , `` Healthcare Providers '' ) .
Vitals recognizes that Your privacy and the protection of Your Personal Information ( as defined below ) is important to You , and , therefore , has adopted this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy describes Vitals ' privacy practices and how Vitals treats the Personal Information that is provided by You when You use the Site or the Products and Services , including any Personal Information You provide if and when You register on or through the Site or create Your Vitals account .
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all of the Products and Services .
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , `` Personal Information '' is information that ( i ) You voluntarily provide to Vitals , and ( ii ) that personally identifies You .
Personal Information includes , but is not limited to , Your name , email or other address , billing and payment information and other data that can be used to personally identify or contact You .
If You decide to utilize any of the Products and Services , including , for example and where available , scheduling an appointment with a Healthcare Provider through our website or mobile application , Your Personal Information may also contain sensitive personal information , including any confidential medical information ( such as your reason for scheduling the provider appointment ) that You voluntarily provide , as well as information collected by Vitals as a result of Your queries , searches , clickstreams and other website or mobile application navigation activities .
`` Aggregated Non-Personal Information '' is information about some or all of the Users of the Products and Services , but unlike Personal Information , does not reflect or reference an individually identifiable User .
Aggregated Non-Personal Information may be formed from Personal Information , but any of the Personal Information used to form the Aggregated Non-Personal Information has been processed to no longer reflect or reference an individually identifiable User .
HOW WE OBTAIN THE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vitals may obtain , collect , retain , store or otherwise maintain Your Personal Information from the following sources :
Your Vitals Account .
This information may include , for example , information You provide to Vitals through Your creation , registration and maintenance of an account on Vitals.com and/or the Vitals mobile application .
Purchase of Products and Services : To the extent that We offer Products and Services for purchase on the Site , we may request that You provide Personal Information , a credit card account number and/or or other payment account information in order for You to access or purchase those Products and Services .
Other Information You Provide to Vitals : Some of the Products and Services allow You to store Personal Information , such as Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information .
Personal Information that You may store through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( for example , taking a photograph of Your health insurance card ) is stored exclusively on Your mobile device and is not stored or collected by Vitals .
Accordingly , the safety , security and privacy of Your mobile device and the information and photographs that You store on it are Your responsibility and not the responsibility of Vitals .
Interactive Products and Services : Some of the Products and Services allow You to interact with Healthcare Providers through the Site .
These interactive Products and Services include , but are not limited to , scheduling appointments with Healthcare Providers .
Per Your request to utilize these interactive Products and Services , We may obtain Personal Information ( such as the medical reasons for You scheduling the appointment ) that You voluntarily provide in connection with utilizing these interactive Products and Services .
You understand and agree that Vitals may use and/or disclose such Personal Information to Healthcare Providers that You have selected in connection with providing You with the requested interactive Products and Services .
Your Responses to Communications from Vitals : From time to time , Vitals may communicate with You through postal mail , email or other forms of electronic communications regarding Your Vitals account on the Site , inquiries you may make to Vitals customer service , the Products and Services and new Products and Services .
If You respond to these communications , Your responses may contain Personal Information .
You can decline to provide Your Personal Information to Us by not engaging in the activities described above , such as by not registering or creating a Vitals account on the Site .
If you decline to submit Personal Information , Vitals may not be able to or may choose not to provide to You some or all of its Products and Services .
Vitals also collects non-personally identifiable server-log information relating to its users .
This information may include , but is not limited to , ( i ) Your Vitals account activity , including storage usage , number of log-ins , data displayed or selected , including user interface elements , links , etc , and ( ii ) Your web or mobile application request , Internet Protocol address ( `` IP address '' ) , browser type , browser language , browser programming language , computer or mobile device type , the date and time of your request , date and time of access , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and referrer Uniform Resource Locator ( `` URL '' ) .
None of this information alone enables Vitals to personally identify or contact You .
HOW VITALS USES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Vitals only uses Personal Information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy .
Specifically , Vitals only uses Your Personal Information for :
Providing the Products and Services to You , including but not limited to , the processing , formatting and displaying of Personal Information , customized content and the delivery of customized Products and Services to You ;
Auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve the Products and Services and the Site ;
Ensuring the technical functioning of Vitals ' network and the Site , including creating and maintaining backups or other archival copies of Personal Information and other related data ; and/or
Developing new Products and Services , which may include use of Personal Information by Vitals in connection with developing and offering to You customized Products and Services ( e.g. , postal mail , e-mail or other forms of electronic communications , such as `` newsletters , '' regarding specific health conditions , health education and/or disease prevention ) , which Products and Services may be supported by third-party advertising from Healthcare Providers and manufacturers , retailers and/or other service providers within the healthcare industry ( e.g. , pharmaceutical and/or medical device manufacturers , suppliers , or retailers ) .
Vitals restricts access to Personal Information to those employees , contractors and agents of Vitals who need to access Personal Information for the purposes specified above .
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination , if they fail to meet these obligations .
Except as otherwise set forth herein , Vitals does not share Your Personal Information with third parties without Your consent , except when We believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a subpoena or other judicial order or process , as otherwise required by law or in order to enforce Vitals ' Terms of Use ( also known as a User Agreement ) for the Vitals website and mobile application ( `` Terms of Use '' ) .
In such circumstances , Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to Vitals ' attorneys .
Aggregated Non-Personal Information provided to or collected by Vitals may be provided to , shared with and used by third parties including third-party content providers , paid advertisers and licensees of the Products and Services .
Vitals permits third-party advertising companies and networks to place paid advertisements that may be visible when You visit , use or access the Site .
These companies and networks include , among others , third party ad servers , ad agencies , advertising networks , advertising technology vendors , and research firms .
These companies and networks may use information ( not including your Personal Information ) relating to Your visits to , use or access of the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to You .
In the course of serving advertisements to the Site , these companies and networks may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser or within the code of the mobile application or use a `` web beacon '' .
An example of such third-party ad networks are Google and DoubleClick .
These third parties collect Aggregated Non-Personal Information about the Site 's users and provide auditing , research and reporting services and information for Vitals ' advertisers and other partners .
You may also visit these sites from links included in the Privacy Policy posted on the Vitals.com website .
If Vitals desires to use or share Your Personal Information for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy ( as it may be amended from time to time ) , Vitals will request Your consent prior to such use and offer You an effective way to opt out of the use of Personal Information for those other purposes .
If you opt out or otherwise decline to submit Personal Information in response to such a request , Vitals may not be able to provide to You all of its Products and Services or may have to terminate Your Vitals account , if maintenance of Your account is inconsistent with a use of Your Personal Information to which You are unwilling to consent .
COOKIES PLACED BY VITALS
When You visit the Vitals.com website , We send to Your computer , and when You use the Vitals mobile application on Your mobile device ( such as a smartphone ) , We send to the code of the mobile application , one or more cookies , which are small files containing a string of characters .
A cookie , among other things , uniquely identifies Your browser or Your mobile device , as applicable , and allows Vitals to `` remember '' Your mobile device and/or Your activities on the Vitals website .
Vitals uses cookies to uniquely and anonymously identify computers and mobile devices of users of the Site .
No Personal Information is collected or stored in these cookies .
These cookies can not damage a user 's files , and can not read information from a user 's hard drive or mobile device .
Vitals uses cookies to improve the quality of the Products and Services .
Most browsers and mobile devices are initially set up to accept cookies but You can reset Your browser or the settings on Your mobile device to refuse all cookies .
Some browsers also can be set to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
Please note that some features of the Products and Services may not function properly , if at all , if Your computer or mobile device is set to refuse all cookies .
Vitals is not a `` covered entity '' under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 , the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ( `` HITECH '' ) and the regulations promulgated thereunder , in effect or as amended ( collectively , `` HIPAA '' ) .
Although Vitals is not covered by HIPAA , We are committed to user privacy and have in place strict data security policies and measures , and ensure that users control access to their information .
We let users know in this Privacy Policy what information we collect when they use the Site , how We use it , and how We keep it safe .
On occasion , Vitals may act as a `` Business Associate '' of one or more Covered Entities ( e.g. , Healthcare Providers , such as doctors , hospitals or health plans ) as defined by HIPAA .
In those instances , to the extent required by law , Vitals will both comply with the obligations imposed upon Business Associates and abide by the privacy policies of the Covered Entities .
This Privacy Policy only addresses the Site and the Products and Services .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites or mobile applications , including those that may link to or from any part of the Site or those from which you may be able to download or launch the Vitals mobile application .
These other websites and/or mobile applications may have their own privacy policies and terms of use , which We encourage You to read .
You should contact these websites or mobile application or service providers directly if You have any questions about their use of Your information .
Vitals is not responsible for any use of Your information , including Your Personal Information , when You use or visit such third party websites , mobile applications and services .
INFORMATION SHARING AND ONWARD TRANSFER
Vitals reserves the right to sell , rent or otherwise share some or all of Your Personal Information with other companies or individuals outside of Vitals if :
You have consented to such sale , rental or sharing ; and/or
Vitals becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , or any form of sale of all of its assets .
In such circumstances , Vitals will provide notice before Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
Vitals reserves the right to disclose Aggregated Non-Personal Information to third parties without prior notice to You .
Your Personal Information may reside or be stored on third-party servers that are leased or rented by Vitals but this information is not otherwise shared with these third-party server providers or with any other third parties , except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy .
Vitals takes reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of its data , including Personal Information stored or maintained on its servers and other systems .
These measures include internal reviews of Vitals ' data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to servers and systems where Vitals stores personal data .
Vitals processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Vitals though , must depend on You and our other users to provide , accurate , complete and current Personal Information and to update or correct their Personal Information whenever necessary .
Vitals does not and can not monitor or pre-screen the Personal Information that You provide for accuracy and completeness but takes reasonable steps to ensure that We accurately process and maintain the Personal Information that You provide .
ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information You Provide When Registering For a Vitals Account
You may change or update the e-mail address and password that You provided when You registered for Your Vitals account via the `` settings '' or `` account settings '' section of such account .
If You registered separately for an account on both the Vitals website and the Vitals mobile application , changes or updates to registration information should be made separately on each account .
Information You Store or Access When Using the Products and Services
When you use the Products and Services , Vitals makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to Your Personal Information .
You may organize or delete or change certain of the information that is entered or uploaded into Your account ( such as for patients , the names of Your Healthcare Providers , pharmacies , insurance information , emergency contact information , personal health information and related information , and such as for physicians , the address where Your practice is located , Your photograph and Your practice specialty ) via the section of Your account where the information is located .
Where applicable , Vitals asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and Vitals may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required .
In any case , where Vitals provides information access and correction , Vitals provides this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort .
All deletions , changes or updates that you make to Your Personal Information will take immediate effect .
Account terminations will also take immediate effect after Vitals receives and processes Your e-mail termination request .
Except for deleted information that was stored exclusively on Your mobile device , residual copies of the deleted information , including terminated account information , may take up to sixty ( 60 ) days to be deleted from active servers and may remain in perpetuity in backup systems .
Deleting the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device will not terminate Your Vitals account but will delete any information that You stored through the mobile application by means of taking a photograph with Your mobile device ( `` Stored Photographic Information '' ) .
Terminating Your Vitals account will not delete Stored Photographic Information unless You also delete the Vitals mobile application from Your mobile device .
Please note though that according to the Terms of Use , Your Submissions to Vitals should not include any `` personally identifiable information ( other than the name of the Healthcare Providers being reviewed ) . ''
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information that You may nevertheless include in your Submissions and You may not be able to change or update any such Personal Information included in Your Submissions .
Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Vitals ' treatment of Personal Information by contacting Vitals at the address below .
When Vitals receives formal written complaints at this address , its policy is to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns .
Vitals will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Personal Information that can not be resolved between an individual and Vitals .
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time .
Vitals will post any changes on this page and if You have an account on the Vitals mobile application , You will be sent an update notice to Your mobile device .
Vitals encourages You to check back and review this policy periodically so that You will always know what information we collect , how we use it , and to whom we disclose it .
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy , please contact us at :
Attn : Legal Department
210 Clay Avenue , Suite 140
Lyndhurst , NJ 07071
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 allows users who are California residents to request certain information about the disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes .
Vitals adheres to the United States of America safe harbor privacy principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement .
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be illegal , void , or unenforceable , that provision will be deemed severed from the balance of the agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions , which will continue in full force and effect .
This Privacy Policy was lasted updated on June 6th , 2012 .

TERMS OF USE/PRIVACY POLICY
This website , all websites linked in the Sites by Language ' tab at the top of this page , as well as all news , information , and features available on these websites ( collectively , VOA News and Information Websites ) , are services provided by The Voice of America ( VOA ) , an element of the Broadcasting Board of Governors ( BBG ) .
VOA programs and the VOA News and Information Websites are intended for audiences outside of the United States .
The VOA News and Information Websites also function to make program materials available to U.S. requestors after their dissemination abroad .
Domestic American broadcasters utilizing similar tradenames and call letters are not affiliated with BBG , VOA , or with VOA News and Information Websites .
By using VOA News and Information Websites you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use , including the Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use , including the Privacy Policy , please exit the VOA News and Information Websites and do not use VOA News and Information Websites or any of their features .
VOA may modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you .
However , a modification or waiver of a part of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the terms of use .
Any modification , additions , or deletions to these Terms of Use shall be effective immediately upon posting .
Your continued use of VOA News and Information Websites following the posting of updated Terms of Use constitutes your agreement to those changes .
Furthermore , VOA reserves the right to change , terminate or suspend any services , features , content , or materials available through or contained in VOA News and Information Websites , in any way , at any time , for any reason or no reason .
USE OF CONTENT AND Copyright
Personal Use : The content appearing on the VOA News and Information Websites is intended for your personal , noncommercial use only .
You may download the downloadable content items appearing on the VOA News and Information Websites for your personal use only .
Vendor Content : The VOA News and Information Websites may contain text , video , audio , images , graphics , and other copyrighted material furnished by the Associated Press , Reuters , AFP , ABC News , and other content providers ( collectively , Vendor Content ) .
The Vendor Content is licensed for use in VOA programming only .
Vendor Content is copyright protected and other than as stated above , may not be copied , redistributed , sold , or published without the express permission of the above-mentioned vendors or other copyright owners .
Images , graphics , or video programming on VOA News and Information Websites may include a visual mark indicating the inclusion of any Vendor Content .
You should assume all audio and radio programming on VOA News and Information Websites includes Vendor Content unless VOA specifically informs you otherwise .
You agree that you are solely responsible for your use of any content or program materials that you access through VOA News and Information Websites , including any copyrighted portion ( s ) of those materials .
You further agree that you shall secure all necessary licenses from VOA AND FROM all persons or organizations that hold a copyright in any portion of program materials you access through VOA News and Information Websites before making any use of those program materials , except uses of program materials permitted by the Copyright Act of 1976 , as amended .
Note that when video programs , articles or photographs are credited to a source other than Voice of America ( such as the Associated Press , Reuters or AFP , and others ) , the credited source holds the rights to the material .
Please contact that party directly .
VOA may require a written statement that you have obtained all necessary rights and licenses before releasing broadcast-quality copies of VOA program materials .
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
VOA respects the intellectual property of others , and we ask users of the VOA News and Information Websites to do the same .
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) and other applicable law , VOA has adopted a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of account holders who infringe the rights of copyright holders .
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement , please provide VOA 's Copyright Agent the following information :
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed ;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed , or , if multiple copyrighted works on VOA 's site are covered by a single notification , a representative list of such works at the site ;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled , and information reasonably sufficient to permit VOA to locate the material ;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit VOA to contact you , the complaining party ;
A statement that you , the complaining party , have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law ;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate , and under penalty of perjury , that you , the complaining party , are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed .
Voice of America Copyright Agent
330 Independence Ave , SW
Washington , D.C. 20237
United States of America
`` Voice of America '' , `` VOA '' , the VOA design , and voanews.com are trademarks which may not be used without express permission .
We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us .
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website , read pages , or download information , we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically .
This information does not identify you personally .
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit :
The internet domain ( for example , `` xcompany.com '' if you use a private Internet access account , or `` yourschool.edu '' if you connect from a university 's domain ) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web ) from which you access our website .
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site ;
The date and time you access our site ;
The pages you visit ;
If you linked to this website from another website , the address of that other website .
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an e-mail to us , or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website , we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested .
We do not collect personal information for any other purposes .
Moreover , we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give this information to any private organizations .
Nor do we collect information for commercial marketing .
We would share your e-mail with another federal government agency only if your inquiry related to that agency or if we were required to do so by law .
In addition , we would release documents , including e-mails , if required to do so by a congressional or judicial subpoena .
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization ( Cookies
A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to your computer to allow it to remember specific information about your session while you are connected .
Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the website that provided it , and no other website can request it .
There are two types of cookies , session and persistent .
Session cookies last only as long as your web browser is open .
Once you close your browser , the cookie disappears .
Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time .
VOA News and Information Websites may use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through the site , or to allow you to customize your preferences for interacting with the site .
A few VOA News and Information Websites may also make use of persistent cookies to remember you between visits so , for example , you can save your customized preference settings for future visits .
Each VOA News and Information Website using persistent cookies identifies itself as doing so .
At no time is your private information , whether stored in persistent cookies or elsewhere , shared with third parties who have no right to that information .
If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine , you can turn them off in your browser .
However , this may affect the functioning of some VOA News and Information Websites .
VOA News and Information Websites may allow users to post , upload , transmit , or otherwise submit comments , messages , photos , images , story ideas , or other content or materials ( collectively User-Submitted Materials ) .
You acknowledge that User-Submitted Materials may be routed through our servers , the servers of one or more third parties on our behalf , and the Internet .
You acknowledge that VOA News and Information Websites are for public and not private communications .
You may only submit materials to VOA News and Information Websites for which you have the copyright or other necessary rights and permission to distribute electronically .
You may not violate , plagiarize , or infringe on the rights of third parties , including copyright , patent , trademark , trade secret , privacy , personal , publicity , moral or proprietary rights .
You agree and represent that you own or have all necessary rights and permissions to use , distribute , and authorize VOA to use and distribute any materials you submit .
You retain any copyright or other ownership rights you possess in any User-Submitted Materials that you submit on or through VOA News and Information Websites .
However , by submitting any User-Submitted Materials on or through VOA News and Information Websites , you hereby grant VOA a non-exclusive , perpetual , royalty-free , fully paid up , worldwide , transferable license to use , copy , sublicense , modify , transmit , publicly perform , display , create derivative works of , host , index , cache , tag , encode , and/or adapt your User-Submitted Materials in any and all media formats or channels , whether now known or hereafter devised .
additional user-submitted material Rules Specific to Posting Comments
VOA will make every effort to review and post comments within 48 hours , although VOA is under no obligation to post comments within any deadline or to post the comments at all .
VOA encourages thoughtful discussion and will not censor comments based on ideology or political points of view .
VOA will not edit comments - we will either post them or refuse to post them .
All comments must follow these rules :
Stay on topic .
No obscenity , profanity , vulgarity , hate language , SHOUTING , or other bad behavior .
No personal attacks .
No inflammatory language or calls for violence .
No advocating or providing instruction on how to conduct any illegal activity
No advertising , promotional materials , `` junk mail , '' `` spam , '' `` chain letters , '' `` pyramid schemes , '' or any other form of solicitation
Simple text only , no html or other code .
VOA may link to external sites that help us perform our mission or illustrate news reports .
Links to external servers do not imply any official VOA endorsement of the opinions or ideas expressed therein , nor do such links guarantee the validity of the information provided .
Links to commercial sites are in no way an endorsement of any vendor 's products or services .
Links will be provided to external servers that are managed in a professional manner ( i.e. , it is fully operational , is available most of the time , does not serve inaccurate information or obscene graphics , etc . ) .
This server will not link to external servers if such a link would appear to provide an official endorsement of fundraising efforts or lobbying for a political agenda .
Disclaimer of Warranty & Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK .
VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES AND ANY CONTENT , MATERIALS , USER-SUBMITTED MATERIALS , OR FEATURES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES ARE AVAILABLE ON AN `` AS IS '' AND `` AS AVAILABLE '' BASIS , WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED .
VOA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE .
VOA MAKES NO WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES OR ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES .
IN PARTICULAR , NO HEALTH REPORTING , NOR ANY OTHER CONTENT , CONTAINED OR AVAILABLE ON VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES IS OR SHOULD BE CONSIDERED , OR USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL ADVICE , DIAGNOSIS , OR TREATMENT BY A MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL .
NEITHER VOA , BBG , NOR EITHER OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES , AGENTS , THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS ARE LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY , OFFENSIVE , OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD-PARTIES WHO ACCESS VOA NEWS AND INFORMATION WEBSITES .
THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU .
You agree to defend , indemnify , and hold harmless VOA , BBG , and their respective governors , officers , employees , and agents from and against all claims and expenses , including attorneys ' fees , arising out of your use of VOA News and Information Websites .
VOA News and Information Websites handle errors in the following way : If the error is a simple typo that does n't change facts or understanding of the story , we consider it a minor change and simply correct it without further mention .
If the error is substantive or one of fact , we change it , add an asterisk * , then a note at the bottom saying when it was corrected and what was wrong originally .
On a breaking news story , we may overwrite the text of an article several times as the story develops .
Due to the urgency of the news and time constraints , we will not mention the exact changes in each version - we expect understanding that it is a story that is still developing .
These Terms of Use represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of VOA News and Information Websites and supersede any previous documents , correspondence , conversations , or other oral or written understanding related to these terms of use .
Choice of Law - These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the United States .
Choice of Forum - To the extent permissible by law , you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , and hereby agree that any disputes pertaining to these Terms of Use or to your use of VOA News and Information Websites shall be litigated in a Federal court located in the District of Columbia .
Severability - If for any reason any provision of these terms of use is found unenforceable , that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible , and the remainder of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect .

These guidelines and privacy policy are specific to Volvo Cars of North America , LLC , located in the United States .
The guidelines and privacy policy are effective July 7 , 2004 .
At Volvo Cars of North America , LLC , we are dedicated to your safety -- the driving safety of you and your family , and the online safety of your privacy and your personal information .
Volvo Cars maintains strict privacy policies to safeguard customer-identifiable information and communications from unauthorized intrusions .
By `` customer identifiable '' information , we mean any personal information that identifies you , such as name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , and any information about activities ( online or otherwise ) that is directly linked to them .
This privacy policy only covers the Web sites of Volvo Cars of North America , LLC .
How Volvo Cars Collects Your Information and Why
If you do not wish to provide us with any personal information about yourself , you can still navigate through a large portion of our Web sites anonymously .
However , at certain points , we may need to collect additional information from you in order to provide you with these unique online services .
We also use this information to ensure that Volvo Cars is providing you with the type of services and communications that meet your individual needs without flooding you with communications that would not be of interest to you .
Why Volvo Cars Web Sites Use `` Cookies
Volvo Cars uses `` cookies '' to simulate a continuous connection to our sites .
This makes it more convenient for you to visit pages without having to reintroduce yourself with each mouse click .
Cookies contain only information that you specifically volunteer .
Cookies do not have the capability of infiltrating your hard drive or taking away personal information .
By accepting cookies from Volvo Cars , you are able to save vehicles you have configured , enter our owner sites , and take advantage of other customized areas of our Web sites .
Volvo Cars protects online personal information as follows
Volvo Cars will not disclose your information to outside parties without your permission .
Volvo Cars will not sell , trade , or disclose to third parties , any personal information derived from your activities on any Volvo Cars online service without your permission .
When Volvo Cars uses other agents , contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf , we will use reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that the company protects your personal information in a manner consistent with our own Volvo Cars Privacy Policy .
Volvo Cars will collect and use your information only for specific purposes .
Volvo Cars will collect and use personal information
to create and inform you of products and services that better meet your needs ;
for billing purposes ; or
to anticipate and/or resolve problems with your service .
This means that Volvo Cars may use your personal information to market new services to you that we think will be of interest to you , but we will not disclose your personal information to third parties that want to market products to you .
Volvo Cars may sometimes merge personally identifiable information or prospect information with outside data sources in order to provide you with a more targeted offer that better suits your needs .
When this data merge occurs , Volvo Cars also takes necessary steps to avoid any duplication in informing you of Volvo products and services .
Opting out of Volvo Cars marketing information is easy .
You may choose not to receive direct marketing communications from Volvo Cars in connection with our online services .
If you notify us that you do not want to receive marketing information , we :
will not contact you directly with marketing messages about Volvo Cars online services , and
will not use personal information obtained from your registration for or use of a Volvo Cars online service to contact you with marketing messages about any Volvo Cars products or services .
To inform us that you do or do not wish to receive communications of certain kinds from Volvo Cars , please do one of the following :
Drop us a note addressed to Volvo Cars Customer Care Center , Attn : Privacy , 1 Volvo Drive , Rockleigh , NJ 07647 ;
You may also use our Contact Us form .
Call Volvo Cars Customer Care Center at ( 800 ) 458-1552 .
Personal information that a visitor volunteers at one of the Volvo Cars Web sites to inquire about or order Volvo Cars products/services will be protected just as if the information had been provided under more traditional ways of ordering that product or service .
Your personal information will be kept secure .
Volvo Cars has implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use , and we will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available .
Your e-mail will be kept private .
Volvo Cars will not read or disclose to third parties private e-mail communications that are transmitted using Volvo Cars services , except as required to operate the service or as otherwise required by law .
Volvo Cars will respond to improper conduct .
Volvo Cars may use personal information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity , or activity that threatens the company or otherwise violates the customer agreement for any products or services that Volvo Cars provides .
We may use session log data and cookies combined with anonymous user data ( and personal data if you provide it ) to track user movement and behavior within and across this Web site to perform site-user analytics .
The information is used in aggregate level analysis ; it is not used to identify you or your information personally .
We supply this information to a third party metric provider to perform the analysis for us and to provide the results to us .
Our relationship with the metric provider is governed by contract .
The contract restricts the metric provider 's use of the data to performing requested analytics and compiling reports for Volvo Cars .
The metric provider is prohibited from otherwise selling or sharing the information or the results with anyone else .
We use the information and the analytic results to improve our Web site and the users ' experience .
Compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance
Volvo Cars North America and/or our partners may use data collected on this site to customize ads to you on other web sites as you browse the Web .
If you do not want your browsing behavior used for online behavioral advertising purposes , you can opt-out from Volvo Cars North America and/or opt-out of our third party partners by clicking on the Ad Choices logo in the footer of this website .
As part of this service , Volvo Cars North America 's online advertisements and Web sites are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers understand how their data is being used and provide choice options to consumers that want more control .
If you have concerns about the Volvo Cars online privacy policy or its implementation , you may use our Contact Us form .
Changes in Practices .
Volvo Cars will keep its privacy policy current , and make every effort to promptly update this Web page every time there is a change to this policy .
Volvo Cars North America reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time , and such changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this Web site .
Under certain circumstances ( for example , in connection with certain material changes , including changes to our Online Behavioral Advertising data collection use policies and practices ) , we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy , or to request your consent for such changes , by additional means , such as posting a notice on the front of our Web site to sending you and e-mail .
Additional Privacy Protections for Children Using the Internet
At Volvo Cars , protecting younger members of the Volvo Cars family has always been a driving element of our focus on safety .
Volvo Cars joins the online industry in recognizing that children , including young teens , may not be able to make informed choices about personal information requested online .
Accordingly , Volvo Cars does not knowingly target children younger than thirteen years of age for collection of information online .
Volvo Cars does not solicit the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without such child 's parent or legal guardian 's consent .
Volvo Cars encourages parents to take an active role in protecting the privacy and security of their children and to prevent the inappropriate use of information about their children .
Volvo Cars also supports the development of technologies that help parents control the collection and use of personal information from children who use online services in their households .
Warranties and Limitations of Liability Information and documents provided on this Web site are provided `` as is '' without any warranty .
Volvo Cars makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Web site ; it does not , however , make any representations as to its accuracy or completeness .
Your use of this Web site is at your own risk .
Volvo Cars , its suppliers , and the other parties involved in creating and delivering the contents of this Web site , are not liable for any damages arising from the use of this site .
Links to Third Party Sites : The Volvo Cars Web site may contain links to third party Web sites , including Web sites owned or maintained by authorized Volvo Cars retailers .
The linked sites are not under the control of Volvo Cars , and Volvo Cars is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site .
Volvo Cars is providing these links only as a convenience , and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Volvo Cars .
Personal Use of Volvo Cars Web Site Documents : Volvo Cars hereby authorizes you to view , copy , download , and print Volvo Cars documents that are available on this Web site , subject to the following conditions :
The documents may be used solely for personal , noncommercial , and informational purposes .
The documents may not be modified .
The following copyright notice and permission notice must appear in each document : `` 2010 Volvo Cars of North America , LLC .
All rights reserved .
Protected by the copyright laws of the United States and international treaties . ''
Copyright , trademark , and other proprietary notices may not be removed .
You may not reproduce , copy , or redistribute the design or layout of the Volvo Cars Web site , individual elements of the Web site design , or Volvo Cars logos without the express written permission of Volvo Cars of North America , LLC .
Commercial Use of Volvo Cars Web Site Materials and Screen Shots : Reproduction , copying , or redistribution for commercial purposes of any materials or design elements on the Volvo Cars Web site is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Volvo Cars .
Permission is granted only when certain criteria are met .
To request such permission , please use our Contact Us form and place the word `` Permission '' in the comments area , and include the following information in the body of the message :
The Volvo Cars content you wish to use ;
Where and how will it be used ( for example , a book cover , an advertisement , or a brochure ) ;
Where and how copies will be distributed and to what audience ;
How many copies will be produced and distributed ;
When you intend to publish ;
Other non-Volvo Cars materials that will be associated with the Volvo Cars content ;
Your name , title , company , address , e-mail address , and phone number .
We will evaluate your request as soon as possible .
Volvo Cars reserves the right to refuse permission to copy , distribute , broadcast , or publish any of its copyrighted material .
Licensed Logo Use :
Use , reproduction , copying , or redistribution of Volvo Cars logos is strictly prohibited without written permission from Volvo Cars .
If your organization has a preexisting agreement with Volvo Cars , that agreement , along with the specific guidelines for each logo , will specify your rights and obligations regarding use of Volvo Cars logos .
If you do not have a preexisting agreement with Volvo Cars , you do not have permission to use Volvo Cars logos .
If you have additional questions , please contact Volvo Cars of North America , LLC .
Downloading Software : All software and accompanying documentation made available for downloading from this Web site are the copyrighted work of Volvo Cars or its suppliers .
The copyright holder retains software and documentation ownership .
Ownership is not transferred to you ; rather , you are licensed to use the software and documentation .
Software Rights of Use : Software available on the Volvo Cars Web site is subject to United States export controls .
No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported : ( 1 ) into any country to which the United States has embargoed goods ; or ( 2 ) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department 's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department 's Table of Denial Orders .
By downloading or using the software , you are agreeing to the foregoing and are warranting that you are not located in , under the control of , or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list .
Contact Volvo Cars Customer Care Center
Volvo Cars of North America , LLC
Attn : Volvo Customer Care Center
Rockleigh , NJ 07647
( 800 ) 458-1552

We are serious about protecting the privacy of our users .
This Privacy Policy describes how we use and protect your personal data .
It applies to HomeAway.com , VRBO.com , VacationRentals.com and any other websites where this policy is linked to in the footer of the page ( which we have collectively called the Site in this policy ) .
The Site is operated by HomeAway.com , Inc. which is part of the HomeAway , Inc. group ( comprised of HomeAway , Inc .
The terms users or you as used in this Privacy Policy , refer to both travelers , who use the Site to look for properties to rent , and members who join the Site and list their properties for rent .
It also applies to other visitors to our site - for example our investors or those applying for a job through the site .
We use information collected about you as explained in this Privacy Policy .
The Site may contain links to third parties ' websites .
We 're not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites .
Therefore , please read carefully any privacy policies on those websites before either agreeing to their terms or using those websites .
Unless we explain otherwise in this policy , the words and phrases used in this policy have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of Use - available at Terms & Conditions .
By providing information to us when subscribing , contacting us or otherwise using the Site , you expressly agree to this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 7 , 2011 .
This Privacy Policy applies from that date .
We may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect regulatory requirements , advances in technology , Site updates and changes in our information collection and disclosure practices .
Any new policy will automatically be effective when it is published on the website .
You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up to date Privacy Policy .
You should also print a copy for your records .
HomeAway complies with the US Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor scheme to cover the transfer of data to the US from the European Union and Switzerland .
HomeAway has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Who processes your personal data , and where
Your personal data ( also referred to as personal information ) - that is , data that identifies you , or from which you are identifiable - will be collected , processed , stored and used by us , and passed to and processed by companies in the HomeAway group and other data processors acting under our instructions .
HomeAway is a global business .
As a result personal data contributed by or collected from users may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we , members of the HomeAway group or our agents maintain facilities .
By using our Site , you acknowledge and agree that you may be transferring your personal data outside of the country in which you have contributed it ( your country ) , and that you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country .
These countries may not have similar data protection laws to those that apply in your country .
However , if we transfer your personal data outside of your country in this way , we will take steps to try to ensure that your privacy rights are protected in compliance with applicable data protection law , this Privacy Policy , and the terms of our Safe Harbor self-certification .
The information we gather
At various times you may give your personal data to us .
For example , in order to process a request or inquiry from you , we may need to know all or some of the following : your full name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , your current location , and , in the case of a member 's listing , a method of payment .
You may also give personal data to us at other times , such as when registering on the Site or when submitting an advert for a property .
We may also gather information from cookies or web beacons .
You can find out more about they operate in the relevant section of this policy below .
We also collect IP addresses , mobile device identifier details , your location , navigation and click-stream data , the time of accessing the website , homes you viewed , what you searched for , the duration of your visit , and other details of your activity on the Site .
If you ask us to connect with other sites ( for example if you ask us to connect with your Facebook account ) we may get information that way too .
For further details on how we collect personal data , see Surveys and Newsletters below .
We obtain data from you either by you inputting your personal details , by the automatic collection of information about you as you use the Site , when we speak to you , or from third parties .
Third party information may include credit information which we use to prevent and detect fraud , information from your mobile provider if you are accessing the Site over a mobile device or information from a third party such as a social media or travel opinions site where you have asked us to share your data with them .
How we use your personal data
Our primary purpose in collecting your personal data is to provide you with the services you request and those which we believe will optimize your use of the Site .
You agree that we may use your personal data for the following purposes :
For the services or to support your request ;
To contact you from time to time with user or service updates ;
To send other messages that help us provide our services on the Site ;
To assist people you have done business with .
For example if you are an owner and a traveler who has booked or inquired with you needs your details we may pass them on ; if you are a traveler and an owner you have booked with needs to contact you we may give them your details ;
To customize , measure , report on and improve our services , content and advertising ;
To promote services related to the Site or those of the HomeAway group and/or our affiliates ;
To compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ;
To prevent , investigate or prosecute activity we think may be potentially illegal , unlawful or harmful and
To enforce our Privacy Policy and/or our Terms or any other purpose referenced herein or therein .
We collate statistics about site traffic , sales and other commercial information which we pass onto third parties to assist us in improving the services we provide to you .
We also use demographic information to tailor the Site and we share that information with third parties so that they can build up a better picture of our customer base and general consumer trends .
If you are a member , we will also be able to contact you about your account and your use of our services .
How We May Disclose Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to enforce our policies , or where we are permitted to do so by applicable law , such as in response to a request by a law enforcement or governmental authority , or in connection with actual or proposed litigation , or to protect our property , people and other rights or interests .
We may also share your personal data with :
One of our partners if you 've requested their services or if you 've requested to be provided with information by them ;
Another member if you have done business with them ;
A third party performing services on our behalf ;
Companies in the HomeAway group and/or affiliates ; or
Other companies or business entities , for example if we are thinking of a merger with or sale to that company or business entity ; or
Other companies we work with to feature all or part of our member 's property listings or otherwise provide promotional or other services related to our or HomeAway group 's business .
This might include featuring your listings and photographs on other websites ; or
Any third party you have asked us to share your personal data with such as Facebook if you have asked us to connect with your Facebook account .
You may have accessed our website through a hyperlink from the website of one of our trading partners .
If so , you consent to your personal details and purchase information , including behavioral patterns , being shared with that trading partner in accordance with our contractual relationship with them .
In the unlikely event that we or HomeAway , Inc. or any part of the HomeAway group is sold , or some of its assets transferred to a third party , your personal information , as a valuable asset , may also be transferred .
Potential purchasers and their advisors may have access to data as part of the sale process .
However , use of your personal information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy .
Similarly , your personal information may be passed on to a successor in interest in the unlikely event of a liquidation , bankruptcy , or administration .
Our customer database could be sold separately from the rest of the business , in whole or in a number of parts .
It could be that the purchaser 's business is different from ours , too .
If you sign up as a member on the Site , you will receive our Owner newsletter , which is an integral part of the services we provide .
Traveler users of the Site will be given the option to receive our Traveler newsletter when they register with us .
We and HomeAway group may offer different newsletters from time to time intended to enhance the services we or they offer .
Users may cancel their subscription to these newsletters at any time , although it may take a short while for the changes in your preferences to become effective .
We also use surveys to collect information about our users .
From time to time , we request users ' input in order to evaluate potential features and services .
The decision to answer a survey is completely yours .
We use information gathered from surveys to improve our services .
From time to time we may run games on the Site .
These games may allow for connectivity with other users or third parties .
If that is the case you consent to your personal data being transferred accordingly .
As well as collecting data online and from correspondence we may also speak with you face to face ( for example at an Owner 's meeting ) or by telephone .
We frequently record telephone conversations .
Those recordings are also governed by this Privacy Policy and we keep this data in the same way that we keep other data .
Recordings of calls may also be transferred to locations or processed worldwide .
Travelers may send inquiries to members via clickable links on the listings on the Site .
If you choose to send an inquiry through these links , your personal information , including your email address and any other information you supply , will be visible to the member in question so that they might reply directly to you .
Your details may also be sent to us and we may have access to those communications even if you contact the member directly .
Additionally those messages may be hosted on , be processed by or transmit through our servers .
If you call the member , you may be asked to leave a return telephone number .
Do not share information in the e-mail or phone call that you are not prepared to allow them and HomeAway group to have , including , but not limited to , credit card and bank account information .
Inquiries can be sent to the individual member you selected and to our system .
The resulting inquiry is available for review by the member to whom it was initially addressed and to our customer service people , who may share past inquiry information , or information related to past stays including your contact details with members .
We may also from time to time , use third party e-mail servers to send and track receipt of inquiry emails , and analyze the pattern of inquiry usage reported by these third party tracking systems .
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information Once We Have It
We take reasonable technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of , or damage to , your personal data .
While no system is completely secure , we believe the measures implemented by the Site reduce our vulnerability to security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved .
We have security measures in place to protect our user database and access to this database is restricted internally .
However , it remains your responsibility :
To protect against unauthorized access to your use of the Site ;
To ensure no-one else uses the Site while your machine is logged on to the Site ( including by logging on to your machine through a mobile , Wi-Fi or shared access connection you are using ) ;
To log off or exit from the Site when not using it ;
Where relevant , to keep your password or other access information secret .
Your password and log in details are personal to you and should not be given to anyone else or used to provide shared access for example over a network ; and
To maintain good internet security .
For example if your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given us those details and/or permitted access through those accounts .
If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us .
You should keep all of your account details secure .
If you think that any of your accounts has been compromised you should change your account credentials with us , and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us .
You should also tell us as soon as you can , so that we can try to help you keep your account secure and if necessary warn anyone else who could be affected .
If you have asked us to share data with third party sites , however ( such as Facebook ) their servers may not be secure .
Credit card information is generally stored by our credit card processing partners and we ask them to keep that data secure .
We also use third parties to help us optimize our website flow , content and advertising ( see below ) .
Note that , despite the measures taken by us and the third parties we engage , the internet is not secure .
As a result others may nevertheless unlawfully intercept or access private transmissions or data .
What are Cookies , Web Beacons and Clear GIFs and Why Do We Use Them
A `` cookie '' is a small file placed on your hard drive by some of our web pages .
We , or third parties we do business with , may use cookies to help us analyze our web page flow , customize our services , content and advertising , measure promotional effectiveness and promote trust and safety .
Cookies are commonly used at most major transactional websites in much the same way we use them here at our Site .
You may delete and block all cookies from this site , but parts of the site will not work .
We want to be open about our cookie use .
Even if you are only browsing the Site certain information ( including computer and connection information , browser type and version , operating system and platform details , and the time of accessing the Site ) is automatically collected about you .
This information will be collected every time you access the Site and it will be used for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy .
You can reduce the information cookies collect from your device .
An easy way of doing this is often to change the settings in your browser .
If you do that you should know that ( a ) your use of the Site may be adversely affected ( and possibly entirely prevented ) , ( b ) your experience of this and other sites that use cookies to enhance or personalize your experience may be adversely affected , and ( c ) you may not be presented with advertising that reflects the way that you use our and other , sites .
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will send cookies as soon as you visit our site .
By using the site you consent to this , unless you change your browser settings .
We gather and share information concerning the use of the Site by members and travelers with one or more third-party tracking companies for the purpose of reporting statistics .
To do this , some of the pages you visit on our Site use electronic images placed in the web page code , called pixel tags ( also called `` clear GIFs '' or `` web beacons '' ) that can serve many of the same purposes as cookies .
Web beacons may be used to track the traffic patterns of users from one page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow .
Our third-party advertising service providers may also use web beacons to recognize you when you visit the Site and to help determine how you found the Site .
Phishing or False emails
If you receive an unsolicited email that appears to be from us or one of our members that requests personal information ( such as your credit card , login , or password ) , or that asks you to verify or confirm your account or other personal information by clicking on a link , that email was likely to have been sent by someone trying to unlawfully obtain your information , sometimes referred to as a `` phisher '' or `` spoofer . ''
We do not ask for this type of information in an email .
Do not provide the information or click on the link .
Please contact us at Customer Support if you get an email like this .
Job applicants , current and former employees
If you use the Site to apply to work with us , we will use the information you supply to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics .
Where we want to disclose information to a third party , for example where we want to take up a reference , will not do so without informing you beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law .
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed , it will then be destroyed or deleted .
We retain de-personalized statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities , but individuals should not be identifiable from that data .
HomeAway is based in the US and employee and recruitment data is held there and in other HomeAway Group locations worldwide .
Once a person has taken up employment with us , we will compile a file relating to their employment .
At that stage we will give you more details about how we hold employee details .
How do I correct or update my information
You can see any personal information processed by us .
The best way of seeing this if you are an Owner is to log on to your account by using the Owner Login ' tab at the top of the screen .
You can see your basic details and correct or update them there at any time to suit you .
We also want to give you the opportunity to identify any inaccuracies in any other information we hold about you .
Where possible , if we 're told about the inaccuracy of any personal information , we will make appropriate corrections .
You can ask to see , update or amend any information we hold on you by contacting us .
How do I opt-out of receiving marketing communications from you
We will contact you from time to time for marketing purposes .
Unless you have opted out , this could include contacting you by phone or email .
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by the following means :
Contact us at Customer Support ;
Follow the instructions included in each communication or newsletter ;
Use the Unsubscribe function ; or
Mail the request to us at 1011 W. Fifth Street , Suite 300 Austin , Texas 78703 .
Please remember that if you change your preferences it may take a short time for those preferences to become effective .
How long will we keep your personal data
We will retain your personal data only as long as is necessary for the purposes to which you consent under the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy , or as is required by applicable law , and then we will delete it .
How do I contact you
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site , or your dealings with this Site , we encourage you to contact us at Customer Support .
In the unlikely event you still have an unresolved complaint , if your data was transferred to the US from the EU or Switzerland under Safe Harbor , you can also contact our dispute resolution service operated by NIPC , an independent arbitration service based in the EU .
Our Chief Privacy Officer can give you the details for this service .

Some web pages in the W3C web site have different privacy policy statements .
This page includes the Public and Member statements .
W3C Privacy Statement for Non-Members
We make no effort to identify public users of our site .
No identifying data is disclosed to any third party for any purpose .
Data that we collect is used only for server administration and Web protocol research .
This statement applies to non-member interactions with the W3C Web servers .
It does not apply to email sent to W3C staff or lists .
Email interactions are guided by general net-etiquette conventions .
This means that we know the originating IP ( e.g . 18.29.0.1 ) address of a user agent requesting a URL .
We also know the Referer and User-Agent information accompanied with an HTTP request .
We do not log the specific identity of visitors .
We occasionally analyze the log files to determine which files are most requested and the previous site or user agent which prompted the request .
Our logging is passive ; we do not use technologies such as cookies to maintain any information on users .
We also log requests to our search , cgi , and list maintenance services .
This data is only used for administration and researching the efficacy of our tools .
Logged information is kept indefinitely as admistrative and research material ; it is not disclosed outside of W3C host site personnel .
Aggregate ( completely non-identifying ) statistics generated from these logs may be reported as part of research results .
Privacy Statement for Teleconference Bridge Status
Privacy Statement for Access Request Page
User Information Database Privacy Policy
W3C Privacy Statement for Members
We use member related information for the purposes of administering the W3C , and communicating and collaborating with our members .
This statement ( and the Public Statement above ) applies to member and invited expert interactions with the W3C Member Web site .
It does not apply to our non-member site nor email sent to W3C staff or lists .
Email interactions are guided by general net-etiquette conventions .
Members ' interactions with the site are authenticated .
Consequently we have the capability to identify users and their activities .
By requesting a password you are added to our newsletter mailing list and your identity is relayed to Advisory Committee representative ( AC rep ) .
We trace membership of lists for chairmen of Working Groups , and at the request of AC representatives -- but only for people in their organization .
This is commensurate with the AC representative role as the single and responsible point of contact for their organization .
Very often , the participants of an activity , the staff contact , or working group chair will determine the degree of publicity inherent to a specific W3C activity .

Privacy Policy and Consent
This privacy policy lets you know what information we collect , how we may share that information , and your choices regarding the sharing of your information .
This policy applies to Walgreens stores , Walgreens.com , any Walgreens Affiliate sites where you may interact with any of the Walgreens Family of Companies , and other places where we may collect personal information .
By visiting Walgreens.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice .
Information Collected By Automated Means :
Personally Identifiable Information : Is information we collect that uniquely identifies you , the customer .
This information may contain name , shipping address , email address , phone number , and prescription information , as well as other information you may choose to share while interacting with our site and online services .
Non-Personal Information : Anonymous information is that information we collect that is not traceable to any individual person or computer .
Walgreens utilizes this data to analyze trends and understand customer needs while shopping and interacting on our site so that we can provide a better user experience .
For example , Walgreens may use cookies , web beacons , log files and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our Website , and interactions with our online advertisements and offerings .
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us .
If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers .
We may collect and store the following personally identifiable information :
Email address , physical contact information , and shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ;
Clicks and page information such as the address ( or URL ) of the web site that you came from before visiting our site , which pages you visit on our site , which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site ;
Chat session information for customers using our Pharmacy Chat Service , which is logged for quality control purposes but not linked to your individual pharmacy record
Customer service history including dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ;
Other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ;
Information you choose to provide through the linking of devices where you are actively choosing to share personal information , including health information , to interact with an application or program we host on our site ;
Information you choose to allow us access to through social media channels ;
Information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and
When you sign up for pharmacy services or order prescription drugs , our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal and/or health-related information .
This information is necessary to process your order and use our web site to access such functions as print prescription history and Auto Refills .
Categories of personally identifiable information include : name , address , phone number , e-mail address , date of birth , billing/shipping information ( credit card number , shipping address ) , and Rx number .
We may collect and store the following Non-Personal Information :
`` Cookies '' are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer .
Most cookies are `` session cookies , '' meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you sign out from Walgreens.com or close your web browser .
We use cookies to provide features and services , such as :
Allowing you to enter your password less frequently
Presenting information that 's targeted to your interests
Measuring the effectiveness of our sites , services , content , and advertising
Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies
A `` web beacon '' is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page .
We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page to another and to improve site performance .
We do n't sell or rent your personal information online to third parties for their marketing purposes .
Personalization and experience improvements : We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising , as well as measure and improve its effectiveness .
Walgreens advertising on other websites : Walgreens collects information about your activities on certain websites to send you targeted ads through the use of Flash Cookies .
Examples include location-based advertising to provide information relevant in your area , or advertising that is specific to your device ( such as iPhones , tablets , or Android phones ) .
In some cases , third parties may allow us to target advertising based on websites you have visited or demographic information .
In these cases , your data is not collected by Walgreens or shared with Walgreens for direct use in our advertising .
Third Party Offers : We may send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses .
When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address .
If you do n't wish to receive e-mail marketing communications from us , simply indicate your preference under My Account/Communication Preferences or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement .
Other Ways We May Use or Disclose Information
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience .
Agents : We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf .
These functions may include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , hosting sites from this website or walgreens.com including the photo site , product reviews , developing pictures or photo products , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , or processing credit card payments .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
Prescriptions : We will not intentionally release your prescription information other than to you , Walgreen Co. and its subsidiaries , our agents ( such as contracted fulfillment parties , if any ) , your authorized representative , or your prescriber or other authorized medical professional .
We may forward your prescription information to your insurance plan , so that we can handle reimbursement of your prescription purchase for your convenience .
Disclosures : As required by law we will disclose medical and other information which may relate to you .
For example , in compliance with the Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996 , We will provide the Drug Enforcement Administration with the name and address of each individual who purchases products on this website or Walgreens.com which contain the ingredients ephedrine or pseudophedrine .
We , or our photo site host , may also disclose information which we believe to be in violation of Title 18 of the United States Code , Sections 2251 et seq . to appropriate law enforcement agencies .
Invitees : You may invite other parties to view the content in your Photo Albums .
Photo.Walgreens.com will share such information as may be necessary for your invitees to view the albums you designate .
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores or assets .
In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets .
Also , in the unlikely event that Walgreens or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets and is permissible under law .
Protection of Walgreens and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with laws ; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of this website or Walgreens.com , our users , or others .
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction .
Third Party Service Providers :
We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites .
These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services .
Our web site uses a third-party service provider to serve images .
This service allows us to improve your overall customer experience .
We contract with Omniture , a service partner , to provide us with a data collection and reporting service to measure the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails as well as perform analysis of our customers ' activities on Walgreens.com .
Information shared with Omniture includes ZIP code , gender , year of birth , city and state , and email address .
No other personally identifiable information , such as your name , street address , etc. , is shared with Omniture .
We contract with DoubleClick , a service partner , to serve ads on Walgreens.com and other sites .
This technology uses cookies and beacons to improve our advertising .
It tracks your visits to Walgreens.com and other sites so we may serve more relevant ads to you .
No personally identifiable information about you is shared through this technology .
Doubleclick does not share aggregate , unidentifiable info with third parties .
Our relationship with AARP requires that we provide cookies to assist their contracted providers , i.e . Hitbox , with tracking for pages that have an AARP.walgreens.com url .
Walgreens shares these cookies and unique url tags with AARP and their third-party service provider ( s ) for the purposes of web analytics and measurement .
No personally identifiable information is shared .
Our photo site is hosted by Snapfish , a subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Corporation .
Log-in information to the photo site such as name , address , e-mail address , Walgreens.com user name , and opt-in/opt-out information relating to photo site promotions as well as credit card information provided to the photo site is shared with the photo site host and photo mail fulfillment vendor .
These vendors are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained in the course of providing these services to photo.walgreens.com in any manner other than to help us provide the services available on the photo site .
Third Party Partnerships :
We may work with other companies who operate their own websites or mobile apps , to allow them to offer Walgreens customers the ability to connect to Walgreens services .
These services give you more options for ways to use Walgreens services from websites or apps that are not owned or operated by Walgreens .
We contract with companies including Samsung and Google to allow Walgreens customers to access their Balance Rewards account from those partners ' websites and/or mobile apps .
This may include the ability to join Balance Rewards , add an existing Balance Rewards membership , and/or access your account balance .
Does Walgreens collect information from children ?
It is our intent not to sell to persons under the age of 18 and it is our policy not to do so .
We sell children 's products for purchase by adults .
If you are under 18 , you may use this website only with involvement of a parent or guardian .
However photo.walgreens.com does allow for the viewing of albums by minors above the age of 13 but purchases of products must be made by an adult .
How secure is the information I provided ?
Walgreens is committed to securing your personal information .
We use technology that is designed for use with secure web servers .
Prescription drug information resides in a database behind a firewall where it can not be accessed without proper authorization .
Secure Sockets Layer ( `` SSL '' ) technology encrypts your personal information as well as your prescription health history as it is transmitted over the Internet .
You maintain the security of your medical information by keeping your user name , password and other personal information confidential .
Walgreens customer service representatives will never request your password .
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order .
Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer .
Actions You Can Take
We recommend that you take the following precautions to safeguard your data :
Use a complex password with unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your Walgreens password to anyone .
If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account .
If your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password .
Keep your computer software up to date with the latest browser and anti-virus security software .
Be aware of increasingly common email scams that may use your email address to contact you and ask for personal or sensitive information .
Always be cautious when opening links or attachments from unsolicited third parties .
Also know that Walgreens will not send you emails asking for your credit card number , social security number or other personally identifiable information .
So if ever asked for this information , you can be confident it is not from Walgreens .
You may choose to :
Stop receiving e-mail and mobile marketing communications by changing your preferences online .
If you have an online account , login to Your Account and click on Communication Preferences .
If you do not have an online account you may click Unsubscribe from the bottom of Walgreens emails , and reply STOP to our text messages to stop receiving emails and SMS text messages .
Set your Web browser to not accept new cookies or web beacons , or be notified when you receive a new cookie , or disable cookies altogether .
However , please note that without enabling these features , your experience on Walgreens.com will not be as smooth and you will not be able to take full advantage of our website 's features .
Please see the Help section of your browser for instructions on managing security preferences .
Will this privacy policy change ?
As our business changes , we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide .
This privacy policy and the Terms of Use will be updated to reflect these changes .
The use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use .
If there are changes or additions to this privacy policy , we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable , so that you will always know what information we collect online or offline , how we use it and what choices you have .
It is your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms and Conditions for changes .
How To Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy , contact us by :
Phone : ( 847 ) 236-6518
Attn : Privacy Officer
200 Wilmot Rd , MS 9000
Deerfield , IL 60015

THE ENTIRE WB PRIVACY POLICY
Updated : January 6 , 2014
Thank you for visiting a Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group ( `` we '' or `` us '' ) offering .
Your privacy is important to us .
To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personally identifiable information you submit on our online and mobile Web sites , services , and applications ( `` Site '' or `` Sites '' ) .
For certain offerings on our Sites , there may be additional notices about information practices and choices .
Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Registration and account information .
At some Sites , you can order products , play games , read critic and user reviews , enter contests , vote in polls , rate movies , TV shows and other content , or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities .
In the course of using our Sites , we may ask you to create an account or register for an application by providing us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you , as well as to administer your account .
The types of personally identifiable information that you provide as part of your account may include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card and billing information , information about your interest in and use of various content , products , programs , and services , and other information that you provide to us .
Information about others/inviting friends .
At some of our Sites , you can submit information about other people .
For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to share content or recommendations , send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address .
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people as part of this process include recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , and information about the recipient 's interest in and use of various content , products , programs , and services .
Some of our Sites also allow you to invite your friends to join our services and to connect with you through social media features .
Inviting friends is always optional .
To do so , you may provide their contact information or may enter your log-in credentials to import e-mail addresses from your address book from other sites that support such functionality ( e.g. , Yahoo ! and Gmail ) .
You select the friends you want to invite to share in this experience .
Information from other sources .
We may , on occasion , combine information we receive online with outside records and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy , such as to enhance our ability to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
You can also engage with our content and other offerings , such as videos , games and applications , on or through third-party social media sites , plug-ins and applications , such as those offered by Facebook and others .
You may also choose to link your account with us to third party social media sites .
When you link your account or engage with our content on or through third party social media sites , services , plug-ins , or applications you may allow us to have ongoing access to certain information from your social media account ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , profile photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends and their contact information , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the 'likes ' you make ) .
We may also receive non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc . ) from your interaction with our content .
When you provide information to a Site from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( i ) give you exclusive content , ( ii ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Sites , and ( iii ) contact you through the social media sites or directly with the latest news , special offerings , and rewards .
By providing such information , you consent to the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you post information or content , such as by posting photos , commenting on a blog , or participating in online forums or communities at our Sites , or when you interact with our Sites through social media sites , plug-ins or other applications , depending on your privacy settings , this information may become public on the Internet .
Therefore , we can not prevent further use of this information .
You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites .
For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how third party social media sites handle your personally identifiable information , please refer to their privacy help guides , privacy policies and terms of use .
Information collection from mobile devices .
If you access our Sites , on your mobile telephone or other mobile device , we also may collect your unique device identifier and mobile device IP address ( e.g . MAC address ) , as well as information about your device 's operating system , mobile carrier , and mobile Internet browsers , your precise location information , and other information described in this Policy .
Providing requested information .
In some cases , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services , or otherwise participate in the Site 's activities and offerings .
Technical and usage information .
We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you use our Sites such as the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using ( e.g. , Windows , Mac OS , iOS , and Android ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider or mobile carrier , IP address , and certain usage information .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Providing our products and services .
We use the information we collect about you to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to provide , personalize , and improve our offerings and to offer you other products , programs or services from us and our affiliates , business partners , and selected third parties that we believe may be of interest to you .
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience .
We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services .
If you choose to submit content for publication , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us on our Sites , the Internet , or elsewhere .
Communicating with you .
We use information about you to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our user agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , to confirm purchases you have made through our Sites , or to contact you about your account with us .
You may also choose to receive push notifications from us on your mobile device .
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them invitations , gifts , cards , or other content on your behalf or through our Sites .
From time to time , we also may use this information to offer products , programs , or services to them .
Use of mobile device data .
When you access our Sites on a mobile device , we may use the information collected for any of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy .
For example , we use information collected on mobile devices to enable you to do things like ( i ) watch trailers and video clips , ( ii ) get entertainment news and updates , ( iii ) get information about comics , movies , TV shows , ( iv ) to locate and access personalized information or functionality based on your location ( e.g. , find comic stores or show times for theaters near you , tag photographs , or check in to a certain venue ) , ( v ) buy movie tickets , ( vi ) play games , ( vii ) follow blogs , and ( viii ) read critic and user reviews .
We may also use this information to offer you products , programs and services we believe may be of interest to you and otherwise tailor your experience .
Use of non-personally identifiable information .
We use aggregate information about our users and non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design , functionality and content of our Sites and to enable us to personalize your experience with our Sites and offerings .
We use this information to ( i ) provide , maintain , personalize , protect , improve , and develop our products , programs , and services and to operate our business , ( ii ) to analyze usage and performance of our Sites , and ( iii ) for us and our affiliates , business partners , and selected third parties to offer you products , programs , or services .
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Legal and law enforcement purposes .
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example in response to a court order or a subpoena , or in response to a law enforcement agency 's request .
We also may disclose such information to third parties in connection with fraud-scoring , detection , and prevention activities or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to protect our rights and the rights of others , and as otherwise required by law .
Change of control .
In addition , we may transfer information about you in the event of a business transaction , such as if we or one of our business units or our relevant assets are acquired by , sold to , or merged with another company .
Our agents and contractors may have access to personally identifiable information to help carry out the services they are performing for us .
Affiliates and other third parties .
We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy .
For example , we may share such information we collect with our affiliates to provide , improve and communicate with you about their own products and services .
We may also share such information with business partners and third parties ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you .
If we share personally identifiable information with such unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes , we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses .
Some of our Sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours .
Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy policies before submitting any information , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
Sponsors and co-promotions .
We sometimes may offer content or programs ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications or social network integrations ) that are sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties .
By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the activity .
We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information .
The Site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information .
At some of our Sites , reputable third parties may present or serve advertisements , provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements .
These third parties may view , edit , or set their own cookies .
The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy .
They may also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device , the mobile websites you visit , and other information about you or your device in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Site and elsewhere .
For more information about third party ad servers at our Sites and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third parties , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Please note that opting-out through these programs will stop certain targeted advertising , but will still allow the collection of usage data for some purposes , including research , analytics and internal operations .
We provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving certain marketing communications from us or from unaffiliated third parties .
If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us but no longer wish to receive them , you can manage your preferences either through your device or app settings , depending on the type of device .
Uninstalling a Mobile Application .
If you no longer wish to have any information collected by the Site , you may uninstall the application by using the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network .
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident , you may request information about our practices related to disclosing your personal information to certain third parties and/or opt-out of our sharing of your information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes .
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Cookies and Web beacons .
We , and our affiliates , third party service providers , and our business partners may send `` cookies '' to your computer or use similar technologies to enhance your online experience at our Sites .
`` Cookies '' are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information ( including click through and click stream data ) .
Cookies manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through us and/or other networks or sites .
Cookies can either be persistent ( i.e. , they remain on your computer until you delete them ) or temporary ( i.e. , they last only until you close your browser ) .
Some of our Sites may use locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as `` Flash cookies '' ) to provide certain content , such as video on demand , video clips , or animation .
Adobe 's Flash player and similar applications use this technology to remember settings , preferences , and usage similar to browser cookies .
Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser , but you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's web site .
We may also use `` Web beacons '' that monitor your use of our Sites .
Web beacons ( or Web bugs ) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data , such as the IP ( Internet Protocol ) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears , the URL ( Uniform Resource Locator ) of the page on which the Web beacon appears , the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed , the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server .
When corresponding with you via HTML capable email , Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our email .
On their own , cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information .
However , if you choose to furnish personally identifiable information , this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/Web beacons .
Managing cookies and Web beacons and Do Not Track .
By accepting this Privacy Policy , you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein .
You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site .
Additionally , by setting your Web browser to display HTML emails as text only , you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons .
Please consult the `` Help '' section of your browser for more information .
However , certain areas of our Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content or Site features .
We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed .
We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created .
OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
We have put in place reasonable physical , electronic , and managerial procedures designed to safeguard the information we collect online at the Sites .
However , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be used or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION
To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections .
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY
Visitors to this Site may participate in many activities without providing any personally identifiable information .
However , in some cases if a user wants to participate in certain of our interactive features , we ask the user to register and provide us with the following information : the user 's email address and age information .
When the person who registers indicates that he or she is under 13 years old , we will either ( i ) collect no or limited personally identifiable information ( e.g . e-mail address only ) from that individual , ( ii ) inform the child that a parent 's verifiable consent is required , or ( iii ) collect the email address of the user 's parent in addition to the user 's email address .
We use the parent 's email address to seek the parent 's verifiable consent or notify the parent of his/her child 's online activities and enable the parent to unsubscribe his/her child from a newsletter or other similar activity .
If a user is under 13 , we will not condition his/her participation in an online activity on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity .
We do not share children 's information with outside third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy for their own marketing purposes .
Advanced Digital Services , a division of Warner Bros .
Technical Operations Inc. , Attention .
Chief Privacy Officer , 4000 Warner Blvd. , Bldg . 168 , Burbank , CA 91522 , ( 818 ) 977-0018 .
As we operate internationally , and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States , your personally identifiable information will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If you create a user account with our Sites as a visitor from outside the United States , you consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your personally identifiable information , which includes the use of cookies as described above .
Companies within the Warner Bros .
Entertainment Group have certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program to address data transfers from the European Union and Switzerland .
For a list of these companies , please click here .
From time to time , we may update this Privacy Policy .
We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our Sites or by sending you an email message .
We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know our current privacy practices .
HOW TO CONTACT US
Advanced Digital Services , a division of Warner Bros .
Technical Operations Inc. , Attention : Chief Privacy Officer , 4000 Warner Blvd. , Bldg . 168 , Burbank , CA 91522 .

University of Washington Online Privacy Statement
Welcome to this website ( website ) which is published by a University of Washington education , research , patient care , or service area ( internal or external to University of Washington ) .
Use of this website is voluntary .
By using this website , you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information ( PII ) and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement .
This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website .
University of Washington Collects From You .
University of Washington automatically collects information about your Internet connection , including but not limited to :
The Internet Protocol ( IP ) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet ;
The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to a University of Washington website ;
The date and time you accessed a University of Washington website ;
The pages you visited ; and
The web browser and operating system you used to access a University of Washington website .
This information ( non-personal information ) does not identify you personally .
University of Washington uses this non-personal information to monitor the effectiveness of this website and to consider potential improvements to this website .
University of Washington Might Collect From You .
University of Washington may request that you voluntarily provide certain personally identifiable information ( PII ) to participate in the password-protected areas , download information , join University of Washington mailing lists , engage in payment transactions , or for other purposes ( as defined in the Website Terms and Conditions of Use ) .
University of Washington does not collect any PII about you when you visit this website unless you give University of Washington that information .
You may choose not to provide PII via this website .
University of Washington is a state agency , and as such , subject to the laws governing the Preservation and Destruction of Public Records ( RCW 40.14 ) .
As University of Washington determines is appropriate , University of Washington will maintain or destroy PII you voluntarily provide .
Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Unless there are restrictions on use of your PII or unless University of Washington tells you otherwise , University of Washington ( or third parties engaged by University of Washington ) may use your PII to :
Administer your participation in this website ;
Communicate information University of Washington thinks may be of interest to you ;
Fulfill your requests for services or materials ;
Conduct research or surveys ;
Respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ; and
Establish or exercise University of Washington 's legal rights or defend against legal claims .
Through display , University of Washington may disclose your PII to other authorized users of this website .
University of Washington may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate this website and the services University of Washington provides , and they may have access to PII .
Authorized users are University of Washington employees or third parties who have been granted access and have a need to know the information collected in order to fulfill University of Washington 's mission .
University of Washington may disclose PII to other affiliated institutions and/or if University of Washington is required to do so by law .
University of Washington is a state agency , and as such , University of Washington is subject to the Washington Public Records Act , RCW 42.56 .
As University of Washington determines it is appropriate to do so , University of Washington will disclose PII requested pursuant to this law .
Use of Cookies and Applets
University of Washington sometimes transfers cookies and applets to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser to collect non-personal information about your visit to this website .
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that University of Washington uses to identify your computer .
Applets are small computer applications that relate information back to University of Washington .
University of Washington may use information from cookies and applets for purposes such as website administration or assessing the technical function of this website .
University of Washington may also use cookies and applets to track information about which pages you visit within this website to help University of Washington gauge the effectiveness of this website or University of Washington content .
The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , but this may limit your ability to use some features of this website .
University of Washington may provide links on this website to other sites of interest .
Your use of such linked websites is subject to the privacy statements of the providers of those websites .
University of Washington encourages you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit .
University of Washington works hard to protect the security of the information that you provide to University of Washington .
While University of Washington strives to protect your information through measures that protect University of Washington systems , such security can not be guaranteed .
Consequently , University of Washington does not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit , and you do so at your own risk .
You may contact us via one of the contact methods described in the Website Terms and Conditions of Use if you wish to discuss any issues regarding your PII .
University of Washington may change this Online Privacy Statement from time to time .
If University of Washington does make a change , University of Washington will post the revised Online Privacy Statement on this website .
University of Washington encourages you to review this Online Privacy Statement periodically .
Questions , comments or complaints about the University of Washington Online Privacy Statement should be submitted to University of Washington via the methods described in the Website Terms and Conditions of Use .

At the same time that The Washington Post Company and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs , we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information .
In adopting this privacy policy , our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy .
Please note : this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online , as specified below , and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Washington Post Company or its affiliates through other means
What personally identifiable information do I provide to washingtonpost.com ?
Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site .
During registration , washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name , e-mail address , year of birth , gender , Zip code , country , street address , Job Title , Primary Responsibility , Job Industry and Company Size .
The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize your experience .
We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion , when you post an online ad , when you participate in our message boards , or when you order products from us .
Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us , we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy .
See below about cookies and what other information is collected .
How does washingtonpost.com use my personally identifiable information ?
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you , the user , with a customized experience on our network of sites .
This includes personalization services , interactive communications , online shopping and many other types of services , most of which are completely free to you .
Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways .
Some examples follow .
A user 's personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey .
Additionally , we may also use the information provided by you to : 1 ) contact you with legal notices , 2 ) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions , and 3 ) account status ( including confirmation of registrations ) .
If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site , please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted .
Once your account has been deleted , you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com , however , you may reregister at any time .
We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates .
However , if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing , please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list .
Further , if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us , we will send you those e-mail subscriptions .
Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences , we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy ( e.g. , to notify you about changes or additions to our Service , such as new features ) .
In order to provide services free of charge , we display advertisements .
washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers .
Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , females over 25 years old ) .
We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria .
In this process , the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account .
Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration , on order forms , during a promotion , as well as from our server log files or from surveys .
We do this to better understand and serve our users .
This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses .
In addition , under confidentiality agreements , washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data .
Do other companies or people have access to personally identifiable information I provide to washingtonpost.com ?
When you are on an area of washingtonpost.com and are asked for personally identifiable information , you are providing that information to The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or vendors providing contractual services for washingtonpost.com ( such as hosting vendors and list managers ) .
If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these , our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer .
If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference , if requested .
Additional information about personally identifiable information follows .
Promotions : Promotions that run on washingtonpost.com may be sponsored by companies other than washingtonpost.com or may be co-sponsored by washingtonpost.com and another company .
Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor .
If information will be shared , we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer .
You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do n't want your personally identifiable information to be shared .
In certain circumstances , you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information .
Currently , most washingtonpost.com promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents .
Advertisers and Links : washingtonpost.com advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our site , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you .
The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to washingtonpost.com are not covered by this privacy statement .
Marketplace : If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Marketplace , the information you provide for that transaction ( as well as tracking information and cookies as described below ) is provided directly to the Marketplace business .
Businesses listed in washingtonpost.com Marketplace have separate privacy and data collection practices .
washingtonpost.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies .
For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy , go to that business ' home page and click on the appropriate link .
Other : If we run competitions or contests on the site , you may be required to provide additional information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate .
The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used .
If you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us , we may send you e-mails about washingtonpost.com products , promotions , or services as well as on behalf of other companies .
You can change your account preferences at any time .
In addition , in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the advertiser .
We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers , sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access .
Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies .
Washingtonpost.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others .
Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection , a user 's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer .
washingtonpost.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement , may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) washingtonpost.com 's rights or property , other washingtonpost.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities , pursuant to a request from law enforcement , a subpoena , or a court order , or when otherwise may be required by law .
Data Security : We have in place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online .
However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet .
What information do web servers collect ?
Web servers serving washingtonpost.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors .
This information is used for various purposes including internal review , to tailor information to individual visitors and other users , for traffic audits , and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy .
We also provide this information ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) about our users on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our advertisers .
What are cookies and how does washingtonpost.com use them ?
Washingtonpost.com places a cookie on the browser of a washingtonpost.com user 's computer to store and sometimes track information about you .
A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site ; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns .
For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit .
We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service .
Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies .
You may opt out of those cookies as described below .
You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by washingtonpost.com by changing the setting on your browser .
Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by washingtonpost.com .
How can I opt out of online advertising cookies ?
Online advertising for washingtonpost.com is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick .
DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads for instance , to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before , and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements .
In some cases , we and advertisers on washingtonpost.com and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests .
These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant .
Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads .
In this case , an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers ' hosting service for a particular advertisement .
In that case , an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service .
We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship .
Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name , address or e-mail address .
In general , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 .
If , in limited circumstances , we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection .
In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible .
Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace , and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena .
If we need to change our policy in the future , we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect .
Copyright 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2010 WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post

The Washington Times LLC ( TWT , we or us ) recognizes the importance of protecting the information it collects from users in the operation of its Web site , washingtontimes.com ( TWT 's Web site ) as well as other activities .
As such , TWT takes reasonable steps to maintain the security , integrity and privacy of this information .
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information we gather falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to the site when they register , sign up to receive our email newsletters , subscribe to the print editions , post comments in any of the public posting areas on our site , respond to user surveys , participate in interactive activities such as polls , or view more information about a story , and the like ; and ( 2 ) anonymous tracking information that is automatically gathered as visitors navigate through our site and review our email newsletters and other email messages .
This information may be collected directly by us or it may be collected by third-party partners or service providers on our behalf .
Third parties featured on or linked to by our Web site , such as advertisers and others that display promotional messages on our site or offer products and services through our site ( Advertisers ) , may be gathering information as well , through processes we do n't control .
Information You Voluntarily Supply to Us
We may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while on our site .
This may include personally identifying information if you choose to provide it .
In accessing and using TWT 's Web site , you may have the opportunity to voluntarily submit some or all of the following types of information :
Contact information , such as your name , telephone number , postal mailing address and email address ;
Delivery information , such as your newspaper delivery address ;
Demographic information , such as gender , country ( and , where applicable , your postal code ) ;
Login information , such as a username and password ;
Communications preferences , such as which email messages you would like to receive from us ;
Payment information ( such as a credit card number or bank account information ) necessary to process a requested transaction ; and
Information posted in public posting areas and other interactive areas of our site .
You are not required to provide information about yourself to visit our site .
However , if you wish to receive any of our newsletters , you will be required to provide us the email address to which you want us to send the newsletters as well as your name , the country in which you reside , and , where applicable , your postal code .
If you wish to participate in any of the interactive features of our site for example , by posting comments , voting in a poll , viewing additional information about a story , or viewing premium content , you may be required to register with Disqus .
When you register with Disqus , you 'll be asked you for your email address or Web site address .
You 'll also have to provide a username and a password .
Information That Is Collected Automatically
We also may collect and store , and permit our service providers to collect and store , information that does not identify you personally that is generated automatically as you navigate through the site .
For example , we and our service providers may collect limited information about the configuration of your computer or other device through which you visit our site , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you 're running , the resolution of your computer monitor , the Web site that referred you , the type of mobile device you 're using to access our site ( for example , iPad , iPhone , BlackBerry , Android device , tablet , etc . ) , and your IP address .
( Your IP address is a numerical address that is usedby computers connected to the Internet toidentify your computer so that data such as the Web pages you want to view can be transmitted to you .
We also use IP address information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes . )
We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible .
Cookies and Pixel Tags
We may use cookies , a standard feature found in browser software , to enhance your experience on the site .
Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes .
We also may use pixel tags ( sometimes referred to as clear GIFs or Web beacons ) to collect non-personally identifying information about how our visitors use our site .
By showing how and when visitors and registered users use the site , cookies and pixel tags help us deliver more relevant content to users , identify how many unique users visit our site and various pages within our site , and anonymously track user interests , trends and patterns .
For example , we may use these technologies to collect aggregate information about the time visitors spend on each page of our site , the number of visits made to each page or section of our site , and the content that visitors select and copy using the standard copy and paste tool provided in standard Web browsers .
Providers of web analytics services may use cookies and pixel tags to gather this sort of information on our behalf .
And Advertisers that display ads or other promotional messages ( Ads ) on our site ( and their providers of ad serving and other advertising services ) may use cookies and pixel tags of their own in connection with Ads displayed on our site , as described below under the heading Data Collected in Connection with Ads .
Providers of email transmission services use pixel tags to record whether an email is opened and whether you click on any of the links in the email , as described below under the heading Data Collected in Connection with Emails .
We also may use cookies to record certain preferences that you enter or set while using the site .
For example , if you are a registered user and you opt to have the site remember you , we 'll use cookies to automatically store your log-in information so that you wo n't have to re-enter it the next time you visit .
The help function on most Web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely .
However , if you do n't accept cookies , you wo n't be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors .
For example , we wo n't be able to store your log-in information , so that you do n't have to log in each time you visit , unless you accept cookies .
TWT 's Web site use services provided by AP News Registry .
AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity .
Your continued readership of TWT 's Web site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry .
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the site in a variety of ways , including , for example , to process your registration , to provide you with services and communications that you have requested , to send you email updates , newsletters , and other communications which you have elected to receive , to deliver our site content to you , to measure site traffic , to measure user interests and traffic patterns , and to improve the site and the services and features offered via the site .
In addition , we may use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes , to inform you of important changes or additions to our site or the services offered over our site , to send you administrative notices and other information about our site , and to tell you about other products or services offered by TWT , or other companies , that we think may be of interest to you .
If you subscribe to any of our newsletters , we 'll use your email address to send the newsletters to you .
Although we hope you 'll find these communications informative and useful , if you do n't , you can always unsubscribe to either type of message by following the simple instructions included in each email .
Information You Provide When Making a Purchase
When you purchase any product or service on our site , we collect the information necessary to process the requested transaction , such as your name , email address , mailing address , billing address , and credit/debit card information .
Your credit/debit card information is sent to our third-party credit card processor and is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer ( SSL ) encryption .
Our credit card processor is authorized to use your credit/debit card information only to process your requested transaction , and for no other purpose .
Data Collected in Connection with Ads
Advertisers that display Ads on our site ( and other advertising services ) may use cookies and pixel tags of their own to record your Web browser 's interaction with a given Ad .
This technique allows the Advertiser ( and its providers of ad serving and other advertising services ) to track how Ads are displayed , and which are clicked on , and to limit the number of times a given Ad is shown to you .
The use of cookies and pixel tags may also enable these Advertisers ( and their providers of ad serving and other advertising services ) to serve ads to our users based on their perceived interests as gleaned from their visits to this and other Web sites .
For example , DoubleClick , a provider of ad serving and other advertising services , may set cookies in connection with Ads displayed on our Web site through our relationship with Google .
For a detailed description of Google 's interest-based advertising program , or to opt out of receiving interest-based ads from Google , click here .
Similarly , quadrantONE , another provider of advertising services , may set cookies in connection with Ads displayed on our Web site , and may use behavioral targeting methods to select which ads to display .
To see an explanation of their data collection and usage and to opt out of such behavioral targeting , see this site .
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events .
The Washington Times LLC , Attn : Privacy Policy , 3600 New York Avenue , NE , Washington , D.C. , 20002
Data Collected in Connection with Emails
Email newsletters you elect to receive from us are transmitted through PulseConnect .
PulseConnect uses pixel tag technology to determine whether an email has been opened .
In addition , when you click on any link in an email newsletter or marketing message you have elected to receive , PulseConnect recognizes that fact .
This information is used in the aggregate to measure the rate at which emails are opened and various links are clicked , to measure user interests and traffic patterns , and to improve the content of the email newsletters and the services and features offered through the email newsletter and marketing messages .
Because some of this information is linked to individual email addresses , it is personally identifiable .
Our email newsletters contain advertisements , some of which are supplied by a company named LiveIntent , and company that complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance Principles and the Newspaper Association of America , as well as the Network Advertising Initiative and the Online Behavioral Advertising self-regulatory program .
LiveIntent is the first email ecosystem company to implement AdChoices .
AdChoices is a self-regulatory system that gives the user the ability to :
See who served the ad
Read the LiveIntent Privacy Policy
Opt-out of cookie based portion of LiveIntent 's advertising program
To see LiveIntent 's privacy policy , click here .
Disclosure to Third Parties
To help Advertisers ( and their ad agencies ) understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on TWT 's Web site , we may present them with aggregate information on our audience and how our audience uses our site ( for example , information on traffic to various pages within our site ) .
This information does not identify you personally .
We may share the information that is collected through this site with our third-party service providers for purposes related to site administration and operation .
In some cases , we may permit our third-party service providers to collect such information directly , on our behalf .
For example , this Web site may use third-party Web analytics services to help analyze how users use the site .
These services may use cookies and pixel tags to collect non-personally identifying tracking data directly from our site on our behalf , and then use that data to provide us with statistical reports on Web site activity .
If you use a credit or debit card to complete a transaction on our site , your personal information and credit card number will be sent directly to our credit card processing service provider to complete your transaction .
We also may share your email address and name with third-party email services providers that send newsletters and other communications on our behalf .
We also may occasionally release information about our visitors and registered users if required to do so by law or if , in our judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process , or to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of visitors to our site , our employees , our donors , sponsors or Advertisers , or others .
In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , information about visitors to our site may be among the transferred assets .
Information You Post to Public Areas of Our Site
If you post a comment on our site or otherwise submit content for display in a public posting area of our site , we will identify you as the author of your posts by your username only .
Please keep in mind that whenever you make your personal information or other information available for viewing by other users online whether in comments posted to our site , or in other public posting areas of our site that information can be seen , collected and used by anyone with access to the Internet ; we are not able to control how they may use this information .
We can not be responsible for any use of such information by third parties .
We also reserve the right to eliminate any offensive or inappropriate comments you may post .
The information that we collect through TWT 's Web site is stored within databases that we control ( or databases hosted on our behalf ) on servers maintained in protected environments within the United States .
Any credit card information you provide on our site is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer ( SSL ) encryption .
However , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable .
We can not guarantee the security of our servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us or our third-party service providers over the Internet .
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves ( such as their names , email addresses , and phone numbers ) over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
Our Web site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we wo n't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us any personal information .
If you 're under 13 , please do n't provide any information about yourself on this Web site .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Web is an evolving medium .
If we need to change this Privacy Policy in the future , we will post the revised Privacy Policy on our site and update the Effective Date , above , to reflect the date of the changes .
By continuing to use this Web site after we post such changes , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , as modified .

EFFECTIVE AS OF December 6 , 2013
The Weather Channel , LLC ( `` The Weather Channel '' ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information .
`` Services '' include The Weather Channel 's weather.com website ( the `` Site '' ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which The Weather Channel provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , software applications ( including The Weather Channel Desktop ) , mobile web sites , mobile applications , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , message boards , SMS messaging , and delivery of The Weather Channel content to you at your request .
`` Services '' also includes alert products .
`` Services '' do not include , however websites of The Weather Channel and its affiliates that primarily serve international markets ( e.g . weather.co.uk ) , or any other products or services of The Weather Channel .
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in The Weather Channel 's products and services .
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site and mobile applications , and does not cover information that may be collected through other software downloaded from the Site .
The Weather Channel has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software , other than mobile applications .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us .
If you are not satisfied with our response or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within five business days you can contact TRUSTe here .
When you visit a Web site or mobile application displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; what organization is collecting the information ; how the information is used ; with whom the information may be shared ; what choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and how you can make changes to the information .
Information Collected by us within the Service
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , The Weather Channel may collect personally identifiable information ( `` PII '' ) from you , including your name , e-mail address , billing address , phone number , and credit card information .
For example , we collect PII when you make a purchase from us or sign up for one of our premium or enhanced services .
Some other examples of instances when we collect PII include when you subscribe to NOTIFY ! by The Weather Channel ( weather information delivered to you via phone , e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel Alerts , ( weather information delivered to you via e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , and The Weather Channel Desktop Max ( a software application which you can download to your desktop to receive weather information ) .
Other examples of when we collect PII are when you :
Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes
Make a purchase from our online store
Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information
Submit a photo or video
Participate in an online forum or community , or
Customize the Services .
We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :
Specific geographic location where you are currently located
Information about your device and device capabilities
Information about your device operating system
Information about the applications on your device
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions .
In the case of participation in a chat session , we require you to select a user name .
Please be aware that chat sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Site for access by other users .
Any information , including PII , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo and video submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the information , including PII , you choose to submit in these forums .
If you upload , rate or share videos or photos , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a user name and email address or you can log in through your social media provider .
If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content may become publicly available .
In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location .
For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state or zip code .
To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services .
You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your device .
If you have The Weather Channel mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the `` Settings '' menu in the application and toggling location services off .
Toggling location services off will also disable certain services in the application , including severe alerts .
Alerts and notifications .
In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates .
To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered .
When you log in to Session M 's mPOINTS in our mobile applications that contain mPOINTS , Session M will provide us with your email address .
How We Use and Share Your Information
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you .
Except as described below The Weather Channel does not rent , sell or share PII about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies .
The Weather Channel and its Affiliates
We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services .
We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive special offers from The Weather Channel and its affiliates .
If you choose to opt in , The Weather Channel and its affiliates will use your PII to inform you of other products or services available from The Weather Channel and its affiliates , including WSI Corporation , The Weather Underground LLC , and Weather Central , LP .
These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel .
Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors .
With your permission , The Weather Channel will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile .
In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them .
You will always have the opportunity , to opt-out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email .
In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services .
In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer .
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested .
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties .
You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying PII to them .
When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( `` Third Party Processors '' ) .
These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online store , that process credit card information or handle shipping for The Weather Channel , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them .
We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services .
Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for The Weather Channel .
We require that the third party processors securely store the PII we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential .
Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links
Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities .
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer .
In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting .
In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities .
These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices .
The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of PII .
Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook , Twitter , and SessionM 's mPOINTS .
You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services .
By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use .
Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services .
Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services .
The Weather Channel does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information .
For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services .
As The Weather Channel does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements .
E. Use by Us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies
The Weather Channel and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful .
These Internet technologies include :
IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet .
Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device .
Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags .
HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device .
Information that The Weather Channel collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you .
The Weather Channel uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services .
In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties .
For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below .
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage , or visit the `` Managing cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage on your browser '' article in the Support area of the weather.com site .
If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly .
The Weather Channel contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies .
These Third Party Processors include Adobe and its Omniture product .
To obtain information about the privacy and security practices of Adobe 's Omniture Product , use the following link :
This opt-out is device specific and may not work on all devices .
F. Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers , and Analytics Companies
The Weather Channel works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users .
These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit .
This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services .
You should be aware that The Weather Channel does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them .
These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices .
You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out .
You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application .
G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses
The Weather Channel continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company .
If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale .
If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information .
If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Other Limitations on Privacy
We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Channel believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; ( iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use ; or ( iv ) where otherwise required by law .
If you choose to use a feature that allows you to e-mail parts of the Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e-mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements .
This information is not used for any other purpose .
Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list .
If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available .
We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose .
Opting-Out , Corrections and Cancellations
If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
Data Retention of Account Information
Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
The Weather Channel is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet .
We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any PII .
The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children .
The linked sites and services are not under the control of The Weather Channel .
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children .
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services .
The Weather Channel , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen .
By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States .
Our Commitment to Security
Keeping the information you provide to The Weather Channel secure is important to us .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data .
Of course , although The Weather Channel uses standard industry practices to protect your PII , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your PII will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Weather Channel reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
All changes to this policy will be posted on this site prior to the time they take effect .
If we make material changes to the way we use PII , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .

Weather.gov > Privacy Policy
This policy covers user privacy , system security , and National Weather Service information collection practices .
This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to National Weather Service web sites .
Some organizations within NOAA may have other information collection practices .
You are encouraged to check Privacy Policies when going to another web site .
These World Wide Web pages are provided as a public service by NOAA 's National Weather Service ( NWS ) .
Information presented on these pages is considered public information and may be distributed or copied .
Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested .
Use of `` cookies ''
Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing
How e-mail is handled
How information is used
How long information is retained
Privacy Act System of Records
Conditions under which the information may be shared with other Federal agencies
Your Rights Under the Privacy Act
For each HTTP ( which is what your Web browser generates when you request a page or part of a page from a Web site ) request received , we collect and store only the following information :
the date and time
the originating IP address
the type of browser and operating system used ( if provided by the browser )
the URL of the referring page ( if provided by the browser )
completion status of the request
We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites , and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors .
This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest .
The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers .
The use of `` cookies ''
To better serve our visitors , we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website .
These small files are commonly referred to as `` cookies . ''
Our cookies do n't not contain any personally-identifiable information .
Our customized Weather.gov tool gives visitors the option of customizing and storing a location to be remembered on subsequent visits to Weather.gov .
Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive .
They can serve several functions :
they allow the Web site to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ;
they track what information you view at a site ( important to the Department of Commerce to ensure visitors find what they are looking for ) ;
in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many Web sites but not the whole Web ;
businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ;
advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many Web sites ; and
they can be used to help a Web site tailor screens for each customer 's preference .
We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable .
If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie .
Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing
All the information users submit to NWS is done on a voluntary basis .
When a user clicks the `` Submit '' button on any of the Web forms found on NWS 's sites they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy .
We do not collect personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , phone number , e-mail address ) unless you provide it .
In all cases , the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users .
Any information provided through one of our Web forms is removed from Web servers within seconds , increasing the protection for this information .
How e-mail is handled
We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted ( e.g. , to answer a question , to send information ) .
In addition , if you do choose to provide information , it is only used to respond to your request ( e.g. , addressing a package to send you pamphlets or booklets ) or to provide a service you are requesting ( e.g. , email notifications ) .
Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information .
However , information submitted to NWS becomes an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request .
How information is used
The information NWS collects is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , E-spotter forms , product user survey forms ) .
We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our Web site visitor to determine whether they wish to provide the information .
How long information is retained
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute , policy or both .
The NWS offers educational content to children under 13 .
No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services .
The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users .
Privacy Act System of Records
The NWS does not maintain and retrieve information submitted to it based upon personal identifiers ( name , email addresses , etc . ) .
Consequently , NWS Web sites do not use or collect information for any Privacy Act System of Records .
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites .
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act .
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits .
Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20 .
Conditions under which the information may be shared with other Federal agencies
NWS may share information received from its Web sites with other Federal agencies .
For example , if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur , the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement and homeland security officials .
Your Rights Under the Privacy Act
Privacy Act Reference Materials and NOAA Freedom Of Information Act .
If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies , they will be corrected .

InfoSpace , Inc .
( `` InfoSpace '' ) owns and operates a number of different sites on the Web ( each , an `` InfoSpace Site '' ) .
InfoSpace is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its user community .
The intent of this privacy policy is to detail the information InfoSpace may gather about individuals who visit the InfoSpace Sites , how that information is used , and InfoSpace 's disclosure practices .
Please note that this policy applies only to the InfoSpace Sites , and not to the Web sites of other companies or organizations to which we provide links or to any software that may be downloaded from the InfoSpace Sites .
InfoSpace collects some anonymous information each time you visit an InfoSpace Site so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience .
We collect your IP address , referral data , and browser and platform type .
You do not have to register with InfoSpace before we can collect this anonymous information .
The InfoSpace Sites do not require you to share information that identifies you personally , such as your name or e-mail address , in order for you to use the InfoSpace Sites .
The InfoSpace Sites assign an anonymous ID number to your requests and links the following additional data to that number : the date and time you visited the InfoSpace Site , your search terms , and the links upon which you choose to click .
Like most standard Web site servers , we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information .
InfoSpace analyzes the information to examine trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
From time-to-time the InfoSpace Sites request information from you that may identify you personally in addition to the anonymous information described above .
The requested information typically includes contact information ( such as name , e-mail address , shipping address , and zip code ) , and demographic information ( such as age , gender , occupation , and household income ) .
InfoSpace will not use or disclose your individual user information except as described in this privacy policy .
InfoSpace collects individual user information in the following ways from different InfoSpace Sites :
From time to time , InfoSpace may conduct surveys or contests on an InfoSpace Site .
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose individual user information to the InfoSpace Site .
Contest information will be shared with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes .
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the InfoSpace Site .
We may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests .
These companies may use your personal information to help the InfoSpace Site communicate with you about offers from the InfoSpace Site and our marketing partners .
Such third parties do not have InfoSpace 's permission to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose .
InfoSpace offers certain personalization services within its directory services ( i.e. , White Pages and Yellow Pages ) that enable you to give us your geographic location so we can remember it for you when you return to use our service .
For example , if we know that you are searching from Bellevue , Washington for a particular company , we will pre-populate the city and state fields with Bellevue and Washington .
While you are not required to use this feature of the directory services , the information enables us to provide you with a more efficient experience on the InfoSpace Sites .
In addition , InfoSpace allows you to update , correct any errors in the listings , or include yourself in the directory services .
In order to make these modifications , you may provide InfoSpace with certain individual user information that InfoSpace will use , along with its affiliates and third party service providers , to modify and update your information in the directory services database .
Yellow Pages listings are supplied by Verizon SuperPages .
To delete your listing , please call the customer service department at 1-800-428-8722 , stay on the line without pushing any prompts , and a representative will assist you .
You may update or delete your White Pages listing by searching the White Pages to find your listing .
Once you have located it , simply click the update or remove link .
To verify your request , InfoSpace will send an e-mail message to the address that you provide .
Once you confirm the request , your listing will be updated or deleted .
Please allow approximately 24 hours for the update to become active after we receive your confirmation .
If you elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about any of our sites , we ask you for your friend 's name and e-mail address .
InfoSpace will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the InfoSpace Site .
InfoSpace does not store the information related to your friends and the one-time e-mail sent pursuant to your input will be our only contact with that person for such input .
If you contact InfoSpace , we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your e-mail address .
Third Party Information Gathering
The InfoSpace Sites include content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein .
For more information about each third party content provider , cookies , and how to `` opt-out '' , please refer to such third party advertiser 's privacy policy .
The InfoSpace Sites contain links to other sites on the Web .
Please be aware that InfoSpace is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site .
InfoSpace may set and access InfoSpace or partner cookies on your computer .
A cookie is a small data file that a Web site may send to your browser and which may then be stored on your system .
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies .
For the session cookie , once you close the browser , the cookie simply terminates .
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions .
We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on the InfoSpace Sites our visitors view and which Web browsers our visitors use .
We may also use cookies to help us provide personalized features and preferences to you within various InfoSpace Sites in a way that may be linked to individual user information that you elect to share with us .
We also use `` action tags '' to assist in delivering the cookie .
These action tags allow us to compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregate basis , by embedding a random identifying number on each user 's browser .
Then we track where that number shows up on our site .
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy , we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a criminal investigation , a court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of InfoSpace 's or such InfoSpace Site 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
InfoSpace Sites may use third party service providers to serve ads and e-mails on our behalf .
These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and e-mails and use information about your visits to the InfoSpace Site so that we can provide a better search experience to you .
For this purpose , we may also provide these third party service providers anonymous information about your site navigation .
Mergers ; Business Transitions
In the event InfoSpace goes through a business transition , such as a merger , being acquired by another company , or selling a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred .
We desire to keep you in control of your personal information .
Accordingly , you can review , correct , change or remove your personal registration information and elect not to receive future communications from us by sending us an e-mail at Contact us
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement in places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If , however , we are going to use Individually Identifiable Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days .
Special Notification with respect to Children 's Privacy ( Users under the age of 13
In response to concerns about protecting children 's privacy online , Congress enacted the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( `` COPPA '' ) , which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Web sites may collect , use and disclose any personal information for children under the age of 13 .
In accordance with InfoSpace policy and COPPA regulations , we DO NOT :
Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of age ; or
Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with third parties ;
It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information given to us or pertaining to children under 13 .
If we are notified of this , as soon as we verify the information , we will immediately delete the information from our servers
Questions regarding children 's privacy should be directed to :
InfoSpace , Inc .
10900 NE 8th Street , Ste . 800
Bellevue , Washington 98004 USA
+ ( 1 ) 425.201.6100 phone
+ ( 1 ) 425.201.6150 fax
E-mail : Contact us
Policy effective January 1 , 2005

QuinStreet , Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the website owned and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy ( the `` Site '' ) .
By using our Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information is information that identifies you as an individual , such as :
Credit or debit card number
In some cases , we may collect information , such as your age , weight , health conditions , insurance type , and whether you 're a non-smoker , combined with your Personal Information .
We will treat all such information as Personal Information as long as it is combined with Personal Information .
We collect Personal Information when you interact with us on the Site .
We may associate Personal Information you provide through the Site with Personal Information collected from other sources .
We will use the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as long as it is combined .
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information :
When you request , to connect you with vendors who will provide you with information about products and services .
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests , such as to send you newsletters .
to send you important information regarding the Site , changes to our terms , conditions , and policies and/or other administrative information .
to send you surveys and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you .
to personalize your experience on the Site and our other websites by presenting advertising , products and offers tailored to you .
to allow you to participate in sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities .
Some of these activities have additional rules , which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information , so we suggest that you read these rules carefully .
to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address .
for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products , enhancing our website , improving our services , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
if you purchase a product or service from us , to complete and fulfill your purchase , for example , to have your payments processed , communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service .
How Personal Information is Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed :
to our affiliates , including but not limited to QuinStreet Media , Inc. and WorldWideLearn , Inc. , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
QuinStreet , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
to our third party service providers who provide services such as contact information verification , payment processing , order fulfillment , customer service , website hosting , data analysis , infrastructure provision , IT services , email delivery services , auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services .
if you request information from vendors so that they can provide you with information about their products and services .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR VENDORS ' USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
if you choose to download a white paper , eBook , or other resource , to our clients , partners and current and future sponsors of that resource .
If you do not want to be contacted by these third parties , please do not download , view or otherwise access the white papers , eBooks and other resources .
if you post your resume on the Site and elect to permit it to be searched by potential employers and staffing agencies , to these potential employers and staffing agencies .
We do not control the use and disclosure of Personal Information by these potential employers and staffing agencies .
While it is our goal that only employers or staffing agencies will gain access to Personal Information in resumes , we can not guarantee that no other persons or entities will gain such access .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE BY OTHERS OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE IN YOUR RESUME .
to third parties to permit them to send you marketing communications , including third parties who may provide similar services as the original service about which you requested more information .
to third party sponsors of sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions .
to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Site .
by you , on message boards , chat , profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information , and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public .
to a third party in the event of any reorganization , merger , sale , joint venture , assignment , transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business , assets or stock ( including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) .
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate : ( a ) under applicable law , including laws outside your country of residence ; ( b ) to comply with legal process ; ( c ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence ; ( d ) to enforce our terms and conditions ; ( e ) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates ; ( f ) to protect our rights , privacy , safety or property , and/or that of our affiliates , you or others ; and ( g ) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
`` Non-Personal Information '' is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as :
Information collected through cookies , pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you
We and our third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information from you , including your MAC address , your computer type , screen resolution , OS version , Internet browser , as well as demographic data , for example , your location , educational degree , balance on mortgage , value of real estate , income , age , weight , type of insurance , diabetic or smoking-related statistics .
We also aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site , for example , by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code .
We may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of cookies , pixel tags , web beacons , and other similar technologies for example to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status or to measure the effectiveness of e-mail communications .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies .
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information
Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you , we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information ( such as combining your name with your geographical location ) .
If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information , the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined .
Your `` IP Address '' is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site , along with the time of the visit and the page ( s ) that were visited .
Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites .
How We Use and Disclose IP Addresses ?
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels , helping diagnose server problems , geographic mapping and administering the Site .
We may also use and disclose IP Addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
Please note that we treat IP Addresses , server log files and related information as Non-Personal Information , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
This Privacy Policy does not address , and we are not responsible for , the privacy , information or other practices of any third parties , including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link .
The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates .
We also work with vendors and partners in operating and improving the Site .
These vendors and other partners include advertisers ( including both banner and text advertising ) , retargeters and web analytics companies .
These partners and vendors use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited at the Site and at times other third party sites ) in order to : help manage ad campaigns , understand user interests and trends and deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on the Site or on other sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTY VENDORS .
We use reasonable organizational , technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Contacting Us section below .
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :
Receiving electronic communications from us and our affiliates : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe .
Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties : If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at as further explained in How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information below and requesting that we suppress all of your Personal Information on a going-forward basis .
Please note that if you opt-out of such sharing , we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information ( i.e. , to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request ) .
If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties , please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails .
We will seek to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you important administrative messages , and you can not opt-out from receiving administrative messages .
How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information
For your protection , we will only implement such requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request , and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request .
In your request , please make clear what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
USE OF SITE BY MINORS
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities , and by providing any PII to us , you consent to the transfer of such Personal Information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules from your country of residence .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. , Social Security number , driver 's license number , credit card number ( unless necessary to make a purchase ) , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Site or otherwise to us .
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy .
Please take a look at the LAST UPDATED legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
950 Tower Lane , 6th Floor
Foster City , CA 94404

WebMD Privacy Policy Summary
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices .
This summary of our privacy policy is intended to give you an overview of :
What information we collect about you
What choices you have about your information
How we use your information
How and with whom we may share the information we have about you
How we protect your information
How to contact us with questions or concerns
We urge you to take the time to read our entire Privacy Policy for complete detail about our privacy practices and your information .
Information Collected About You
We may collect Personal Information about you such as your name , address , telephone number , email address or health information in the following ways :
When you register for or update an existing profile on our web sites or Apps or register for the WebMD Health Manager ;
When you use certain interactive tools and services ( e.g. , the Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar or Symptom Checker ) ;
When you sign-up for newsletters or other communications from WebMD ;
When you use our Email a Friend service ;
When you participate in an online survey ; or
When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum .
We may collect Non-Personal Information information that can not be used to identify you via Cookies , Web Beacons , WebMD mobile device applications and from external sources , even if you have not registered with or provided any Personal Information to WebMD .
Read more about Information Collected About You
What Choices Do I Have ?
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You may correct , update or review Personal Information you have submitted through registration , tools and applications by signing in and updating your registration information .
If you have registered and no longer want WebMD to use your Personal Information , you should delete your information as described in this Policy .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies , and you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site .
You can click on the Ad Choices logo at the bottom of every page of the WebMD web sites to stop tailored advertising from WebMD .
Read more about `` What Choices Do I Have ? `` , `` Cookies '' and `` TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices ''
How Information Collected About You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you to :
Administer your account ;
Provide you with access to particular tools and services ;
Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications ;
Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings ;
Statistically analyze user behavior and activity ;
Provide you with more relevant content and advertisements ;
Conduct research and measurement activities ; or
Send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
We may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
Third parties may also use Non-Personal Information in order to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Read more about How Information Collected About You Is Used
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless specifically agreed to by you or :
To comply with legal requirements , such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena , or court order ;
To our vendors and suppliers in the course of their provision of products or services to WebMD ;
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a merger , a sale of assets , or bankruptcy ; or
In special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others .
WebMD does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes .
Read more about With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ?
We have put in place technical , physical , and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information that we collect .
Read more about How Do We Secure Your Information ?
Please send us an email using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Read the complete WebMD Privacy Policy .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or `` App '' ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to `` WebMD '' mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the `` from '' email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums
WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have ?
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may `` Opt-out '' of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled `` Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites . ''
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :
administer your account ,
provide you with access to particular tools and services ,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services ,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings ,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened ,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and
conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an `` opt-in '' authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( `` Third Party Web Sites '' ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as `` Powered by '' or `` in association with '' followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ?
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD
TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date : May 06 , 2013
2013 WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .
What We Do For Our Users
Terms and Conditions of Use
Important Information & FAQs
How We Protect Your Information
How to Change Your Profile Settings
Is Your Eczema Under Control ?
Avoid Teeth Brushing Mistakes
Eating Out ? Cut Calories , Heartburn
16 Tips for Clear Skin
Top 12 Dog Behavior Problems
Generic Drugs : What You Need to Know
Causes and Cures of Bad Breath
Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ?
How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth
Ulcerative Colitis : Check Your Symptoms
Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or `` App '' ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to `` WebMD '' mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the `` from '' email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums
WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have ?
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may `` Opt-out '' of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled `` Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites . ''
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :
administer your account ,
provide you with access to particular tools and services ,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services ,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings ,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened ,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and
conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an `` opt-in '' authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information ?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( `` Third Party Web Sites '' ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as `` Powered by '' or `` in association with '' followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information ?
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD
TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date : May 06 , 2013
2013 WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .
What We Do For Our Users
Terms and Conditions of Use
Important Information & FAQs
How We Protect Your Information
How to Change Your Profile Settings
Is Your Eczema Under Control ?
Avoid Teeth Brushing Mistakes
Eating Out ? Cut Calories , Heartburn
16 Tips for Clear Skin
Top 12 Dog Behavior Problems
Generic Drugs : What You Need to Know
Causes and Cures of Bad Breath
Depression , Pain & Anxiety : What 's the Link ?
How Diabetes Affects Your Teeth
Ulcerative Colitis : Check Your Symptoms
Find out how WebMD ensures the quality , accuracy and security of our information .
WebMD understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users .
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of WebMD and its services .
It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by WebMD that are intended for use by consumers ( non-professionals ) for non-commercial personal , family or household purposes , including WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , RxList.com , and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites ( we refer to these sites collectively as the WebMD Web Sites ) .
This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the WebMD Health Manager Product .
However , if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at WebMD.com by registering at your employer 's or health plan 's website , the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer 's or health plan 's website remains applicable to your personal health record at WebMD.com .
If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan , you will continue to have access to your health information from WebMD.com , using the same username and password , but will be subject to this Privacy Policy .
Except where noted , statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the WebMD Web Sites also apply to the WebMD Mobile Device Application ( or `` App '' ) including the WebMD Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone , the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system .
References to `` WebMD '' mean WebMD LLC , including any company that WebMD , LLC controls ( for example , a subsidiary that WebMD , LLC owns ) .
WebMD may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls , but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Information Collected About You
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with WebMD or access certain functionality on the WebMD Web Sites , you may be required to submit Personal Information .
Personal Information means information that we can use to identify or contact you , such as your name , address , telephone number or email address .
Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information , which would also be considered Personal Information .
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to WebMD .
Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the WebMD Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Access to some WebMD interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered .
Some of our tools ( such as certain quizzes or calculators ) do not retain your Personal Information , while others ( such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar ) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool .
WebMD Health Manager , which allows you a secure place to gather , store , manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family , requires additional registration .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
However , WebMD does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the WebMD Health Manager .
Furthermore , WebMD does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the WebMD Web Sites .
If you download the WebMD Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to WebMD , your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy .
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the WebMD Web Sites , you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition via email from WebMD and/or directly from third parties .
From time to time WebMD makes subscriptions to our newsletters available on third party websites .
If you sign up for one of our newsletters on a third party site the site will provide us with your Personal Information such as your email address and we may use that information as described in this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to WebMD .
In the WebMD Health Community , you can also click the Watch This Discussion link in any Health Community posting , and WebMD will send you an email summary of each day 's postings in that Community .
When you sign up for our email newsletters on the WebMD Web Sites or at any time , you can choose to opt out of receiving additional promotional newsletters from WebMD or our Sponsors .
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by :
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter .
Logging in to the WebMD Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the My Profile section .
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the WebMD Web Sites or a newsletter , we will ask you for your name , your email address and your friend 's email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the `` from '' email address .
WebMD does not use your friend 's email information for any other purpose .
We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend .
From time to time , WebMD may conduct online research surveys through email invitations , pop-up surveys and online focus groups .
When participating in a survey , we may ask you to enter Personal Information .
The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by WebMD for research and measurement purposes , as described below , including to measure the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13 .
Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of WebMD will contain a link to this Privacy Policy .
Community , Health Communities , Blogs and Other Public Forums
WebMD features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer .
We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts .
Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private .
Any information ( including Personal Information ) you share in any online community area including a chat room , Health Community , Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private .
You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum .
What you post can be seen , disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we can not control or predict , including to contact you for unauthorized purposes .
As with any public forum on any site , the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines .
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed , you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the Contact Us link on every page of the WebMD Web Sites .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your Personal Information .
Emails You Send to WebMD
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information , content , business information , ideas , concepts or inventions that you send to WebMD by email .
If you want to keep content or business information , ideas , concepts or inventions private or proprietary , do not send them in an email to WebMD .
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to WebMD , we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites .
Non-Personal Information means information that we can not use to identify or contact you .
We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources .
While you may use some of the functionality of WebMD without registration , many of the specific tools and services on the WebMD Web Sites require that you register with WebMD .
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the WebMD Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons .
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site .
Every computer that accesses the WebMD Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by WebMD .
Web Beacons are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server ( which can belong to the host site , a network advertiser or some other third party ) information from your browser , such as the IP address , the URL of the page on which the beacon is located , the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server .
Third parties under contract with WebMD may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the WebMD Web Sites , including which health topics you have viewed .
These third party advertising service providers may use this information , on our behalf , to help WebMD deliver advertising on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites .
WebMD may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by WebMD or these third parties .
Mobile Device Applications ( Apps ) and Mobile Optimized Sites
When you download and install one of our WebMD Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation .
This number can not be used to identify you personally , and we can not identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App .
We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy .
Unlike Cookies , the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser , because the App does not work through your browser .
Therefore the random number can not be removed through settings .
If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies , please do not use the Mobile Device Apps .
Also , due to technical limitations , our TRUSTed Ads program is not implemented on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an IOS device , on our mobile optimized sites .
Because some of the content on our Mobile Device Apps direct your mobile device to our website you will be exposed to the cookies that we use and to third party cookies that may be contained in advertisements that we do not control and will be unable to delete any of these cookies with your mobile device .
Therefore , if you do not want to use these cookies when you use your mobile device you should not use our Mobile Device Apps and you should set your mobile device to reject cookies when you use our mobile optimized sites .
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on WebMD 's Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community .
Sponsors or advertisers on the WebMD Web Sites may use their own Cookies , Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the WebMD Web Sites and in emails , special promotions or newsletters we send you .
Their advertisements may be displayed on the WebMD Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the WebMD Web Sites .
Some advertisers use companies other than WebMD to serve their ads and to monitor users ' responses to ads , and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the WebMD Web Sites .
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the WebMD Web Sites .
However , we do require sponsors , advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the WebMD Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the WebMD Web Sites without your consent .
They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the WebMD Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program .
What Choices Do I Have
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by WebMD as provided in this Privacy Policy , you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information .
You can correct , update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application , logging-in and making the desired change .
You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below .
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below .
Upon your request , we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the WebMD Web Sites from our servers .
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the WebMD Health Manager tool , you may `` Opt-out '' of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email .
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
If you reject our Cookies , certain of the functions and conveniences of the WebMD Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the WebMD Web Sites .
It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below , such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program , you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function .
The opt-out Cookies are placed , for example , in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising .
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies .
In order to do so , you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site .
This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server 's privacy policies .
You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the World Privacy Forum 's Site .
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites .
Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests .
To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the WebMD mobile sites see the section of this policy named TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices below .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads program from TRUSTe .
At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo , ( which looks like this : Ad Choices Logo ) .
By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window ( the TRUSTe Window ) that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you , both on the WebMD Web Sites as well as on third-party sites .
If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD , you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window .
By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements .
The WebMD Web Sites do not respond to web browser `` do not track '' signals .
The TRUSTed Ads Program is not available on our Mobile Device Apps and if you are using an iOS device on our mobile optimized sites .
Please see the Section entitled `` Mobile Device Applications ( `` Apps '' ) and Mobile Optimized Sites . ''
Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system , including iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch .
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by WebMD about you is used by WebMD to :
administer your account ,
provide you with access to particular tools and services ,
respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the WebMD Web Sites or services ,
obtain your feedback about the WebMD Web Sites or our offerings ,
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened ,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the WebMD Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the WebMD Web Sites ; and
conduct research and measurement activities , including those described below .
WebMD may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by WebMD about you , and may combine this information with information from external sources .
WebMD Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages .
During registration or at any time , you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests , including news , announcements , reminders and opportunities .
The WebMD Health Manager email service requires an `` opt-in '' authorization from you .
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers .
These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions .
We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey .
If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys .
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that WebMD collects about you may be combined by WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes , including measuring the effectiveness of content , advertising or programs .
This information from other sources may include age , gender , demographic , geographic , personal interests , product purchase activity or other information .
We may report aggregate information , which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the WebMD Web Sites , to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners .
We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties , except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf .
With Whom Do We Share Your Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , WebMD will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the WebMD Web Sites .
We may only release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as in response to a physical threat to you or others , to protect property or defend or assert legal rights .
In addition , we may disclose Personal Information as described below .
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from , for example , a sale to , or merger with , another entity , or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy , WebMD reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets .
In the event of such a change , your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses Changes to This Privacy Policy .
Disclosures to WebMD Operations and Maintenance Contractor
WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to WebMD .
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology , services , data analysis , research , advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the WebMD Web Sites .
We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors : 1 ) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2 ) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for WebMD .
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content , services and advertisements offered to you through the WebMD Web Sites are served on , or contain links to , web sites hosted and operated by a company other than WebMD ( `` Third Party Web Sites '' ) .
WebMD does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent , but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
WebMD does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites .
You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information .
WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site , either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site .
In addition , if you see a phrase such as `` Powered by '' or `` in association with '' followed by the name of a company other than WebMD , then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than WebMD .
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information .
Despite WebMD 's efforts to protect your Personal Information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
When you enter Personal Information ( including personal health information in various tools on our website ) , we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services .
At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it , but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to WebMD from our servers .
WebMD tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct , update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool , logging-in and making the desired changes .
We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations , resolve disputes and enforce our agreements .
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
The WebMD Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13 .
The WebMD Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
A parent or guardian , however , may use WebMD Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a WebMD Health Manager home page for a minor .
The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor 's use of WebMD Health Manager .
The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate .
The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through WebMD Health Manager for the minor .
Contacting WebMD About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you .
You can also contact WebMD 's Privacy Office at :
Attn : Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street , NE
400 Colony Square , Suite 2100
Atlanta , GA 30361
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise .
If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified when you register ) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices .
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy , we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the WebMD Web Sites .
Please exit the WebMD Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
URAC : Accredited Health Web Site WebMD has been awarded e-Health accreditation from URAC , formerly the American HealthCare Accreditation Association .
URAC is an independent accrediting body that has reviewed and approved WebMD 's WebMD.com Web sites for compliance with its more than 45 quality and ethics standards .
To verify our compliance click the URAC logo .
To read more , visit the URAC Center on WebMD
TRUSTe online privacy certification WebMD has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please email us by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of each page of our site .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Please bear in mind that TRUSTe 's Watchdog service and certification is for the WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and the WebMD Health Manager sites and does not cover information that may be collected through other WebMD websites , mobile applications or mobile websites .
Only information collected by WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , or WebMD Health Manager should be reported in a TRUSTe Watchdog complaint .
HONcode Seal WebMD.com , MedicineNet.com , and eMedicineHealth.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information , which can be verified here .
Effective Date : May 06 , 2013
2013 WebMD , LLC .
All rights reserved .

LAST UPDATED : October 22 , 2010
QuinStreet , Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the website owned and controlled by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy ( the `` Site '' ) .
By using our Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information is information that identifies you as an individual , such as :
Credit or debit card number
In some cases , we may collect information , such as your age , weight , health conditions , insurance type , and whether you 're a non-smoker , combined with your Personal Information .
We will treat all such information as Personal Information as long as it is combined with Personal Information .
We collect Personal Information when you interact with us on the Site .
We may associate Personal Information you provide through the Site with Personal Information collected from other sources .
We will use the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as long as it is combined .
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information :
When you request , to connect you with vendors who will provide you with information about products and services .
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests , such as to send you newsletters .
to send you important information regarding the Site , changes to our terms , conditions , and policies and/or other administrative information .
to send you surveys and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you .
to personalize your experience on the Site and our other websites by presenting advertising , products and offers tailored to you .
to allow you to participate in sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities .
Some of these activities have additional rules , which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information , so we suggest that you read these rules carefully .
to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Site .
By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address .
for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products , enhancing our website , improving our services , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns .
if you purchase a product or service from us , to complete and fulfill your purchase , for example , to have your payments processed , communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service .
How Personal Information is Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed :
to our affiliates , including but not limited to QuinStreet Media , Inc. and WorldWideLearn , Inc. , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy .
QuinStreet , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information .
to our third party service providers who provide services such as contact information verification , payment processing , order fulfillment , customer service , website hosting , data analysis , infrastructure provision , IT services , email delivery services , auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services .
if you request information from vendors so that they can provide you with information about their products and services .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR VENDORS ' USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION .
if you choose to download a white paper , eBook , or other resource , to our clients , partners and current and future sponsors of that resource .
If you do not want to be contacted by these third parties , please do not download , view or otherwise access the white papers , eBooks and other resources .
if you post your resume on the Site and elect to permit it to be searched by potential employers and staffing agencies , to these potential employers and staffing agencies .
We do not control the use and disclosure of Personal Information by these potential employers and staffing agencies .
While it is our goal that only employers or staffing agencies will gain access to Personal Information in resumes , we can not guarantee that no other persons or entities will gain such access .
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OR DISCLOSURE BY OTHERS OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE IN YOUR RESUME .
to third parties to permit them to send you marketing communications , including third parties who may provide similar services as the original service about which you requested more information .
to third party sponsors of sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions .
to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Site .
by you , on message boards , chat , profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials .
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information , and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public .
to a third party in the event of any reorganization , merger , sale , joint venture , assignment , transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business , assets or stock ( including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) .
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate : ( a ) under applicable law , including laws outside your country of residence ; ( b ) to comply with legal process ; ( c ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence ; ( d ) to enforce our terms and conditions ; ( e ) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates ; ( f ) to protect our rights , privacy , safety or property , and/or that of our affiliates , you or others ; and ( g ) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
`` Non-Personal Information '' is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as :
Information collected through cookies , pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you
We and our third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information from you , including your MAC address , your computer type , screen resolution , OS version , Internet browser , as well as demographic data , for example , your location , educational degree , balance on mortgage , value of real estate , income , age , weight , type of insurance , diabetic or smoking-related statistics .
We also aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site , for example , by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code .
We may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of cookies , pixel tags , web beacons , and other similar technologies for example to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status or to measure the effectiveness of e-mail communications .
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies .
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information
Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you , we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose .
In some instances , we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information ( such as combining your name with your geographical location ) .
If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information , the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined .
Your `` IP Address '' is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site , along with the time of the visit and the page ( s ) that were visited .
Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites .
How We Use and Disclose IP Addresses ?
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels , helping diagnose server problems , geographic mapping and administering the Site .
We may also use and disclose IP Addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information .
Please note that we treat IP Addresses , server log files and related information as Non-Personal Information , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law .
This Privacy Policy does not address , and we are not responsible for , the privacy , information or other practices of any third parties , including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link .
The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates .
We also work with vendors and partners in operating and improving the Site .
These vendors and other partners include advertisers ( including both banner and text advertising ) , retargeters and web analytics companies .
These partners and vendors use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited at the Site and at times other third party sites ) in order to : help manage ad campaigns , understand user interests and trends and deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on the Site or on other sites .
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS OF THIRD PARTY VENDORS .
We use reasonable organizational , technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information under our control .
Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the Contacting Us section below .
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes .
You may opt-out from :
Receiving electronic communications from us and our affiliates : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe .
Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties : If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at as further explained in How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information below and requesting that we suppress all of your Personal Information on a going-forward basis .
Please note that if you opt-out of such sharing , we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information ( i.e. , to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request ) .
If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties , please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails .
We will seek to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable .
Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us , we may still send you important administrative messages , and you can not opt-out from receiving administrative messages .
How you can access , change or suppress your Personal Information
For your protection , we will only implement such requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request , and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request .
In your request , please make clear what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information .
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law .
USE OF SITE BY MINORS
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) , and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site .
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities , and by providing any PII to us , you consent to the transfer of such Personal Information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules from your country of residence .
We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. , Social Security number , driver 's license number , credit card number ( unless necessary to make a purchase ) , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Site or otherwise to us .
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy .
Please take a look at the LAST UPDATED legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised .
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy .
950 Tower Lane , 6th Floor
Foster City , CA 94404
Property of Quinstreet Enterprise .
Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise
Copyright 2014 QuinStreet Inc .
All Rights Reserved .

What This Privacy Policy Covers
We are not in the business of selling information about you : we use information shared with us for the sole purpose of running and improving our services .
This notice tells you what information we collect , steps we take to protect and secure it , how we use and share information , and finally , how you can contact us with questions or concerns .
Weebly collects personal information when you register with us , use Weebly products or services or post content on a Weebly web site or blog .
This information is limited to your email address , username , and any information you post on your site .
Your password is stored securely using a salted , variable work factor , one-way hash function .
Weebly may also collect personal information if you enter into promotions or sweepstakes .
Weebly automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser , including your IP address , cookies , and the pages you request .
We also collect other use information as part of our analytics services , in order to improve the service .
However , we do not link such information to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
Weebly may collect billing information if you sign up for a paid service , which may include your name , address , telephone number , credit card details , and other information that is necessary in order to process the transaction .
Under no circumstance do we store any of your sensitive billing details .
When signing up for the affiliate program , Weebly may collect additional details in order to process payments and comply with tax law , which may include your social security number or EIN , your address , and other information as appropriate .
Weebly uses information for the following general purposes : products and services provision , identification and authentication , services improvement , support , contact , research , and anonymous reporting .
This website uses Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
( `` Google '' ) .
Google Analytics uses `` cookies '' , which are text files placed on your computer , to help the website analyze how users use the site .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website ( including your IP address ) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website .
By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
Our third party partners employ clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) , images , and scripts that help them better manage content on our site .
We do not tie the information gathered to our Users ' personally identifiable information .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , also use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies .
Should you sign up for a Weebly pro account or register a domain through us , we require your billing information in order to process the transaction .
We will retain the last 4 digits of your credit card number and credit card type , so that you may identify that card used in the future .
We do not store any other billing information , as this information is discarded after your transaction has been processed .
If your subscription is auto-renewing , a recurring subscription will be created at our payment gateway , Authorize.net .
Authorize.net will store your billing information on their secure payment gateway for as long as necessary to carry out the terms of your subscription .
Should you cancel your subscription , your billing information will be immediately removed by Authorize.net
All transactions are processed over an industry standard SSL/TLS connection , with a minimum of 128-bit encryption .
Weebly occasionally obtains IP addresses from users depending upon how you access our web sites .
IP addresses , browser and session information may be used for various purposes , including to :
Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP .
Estimate the total number of users visiting Weebly 's web sites from specific geographical regions .
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content , services or resources that we offer .
Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse .
A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
If you reject all cookies , you may not be able to use Weebly services or products that require you to `` sign in '' and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings .
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set .
Weebly uses its own cookies for a number of purposes , including to :
Require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents .
Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Weebly Sites , Products and Services .
Estimate and report our total audience size and traffic .
Conduct research to improve the content and services provided on the Weebly Sites , Products and Services .
We also use cookies to improve the performance of our advertising on other websites .
Although you may not opt out of receiving online advertisements generally , you may control the collection of data on our site used for targeted weebly.com advertising during your visits to other websites .
To opt-out of weebly.com data collection for targeted advertising on other sites , click here : Opt Out Now .
Information Relating to Children
Individuals under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating or using accounts through Weebly.com .
Students under the age of 13 may , however , use Weebly through special student accounts created by their teachers through education.weebly.com , provided the teacher has obtained signed parental consent from the student 's parents .
Information Use , Sharing and Disclosure
Weebly does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of the Weebly web sites , products and services with others except as described in this policy .
We do not share , sell , rent or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes .
Weebly may use or share your personal information where it is necessary to complete a transaction , to operate or improve the Weebly products and services , or to do something that you have asked us to do .
We use other third parties such as a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services .
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes .
From time to time , Weebly or a partner may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on Weebly .
You may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate .
This information will be used strictly for the purpose of notifying and arranging delivery of promotional items to the person selected .
When you register for Weebly , we collect user-submitted account information such as username and email address to identify users and send notifications related to the use of the service .
When you post content on a Weebly web site or blog , you have the ability to post content which may include personally identifiable information about yourself .
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
Weebly stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
Weebly may share personally identifiable information about you under the following circumstances :
We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , to establish or exercise our legal rights or , defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate .
We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our various terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
As we continue to develop our business , we may also buy or sell all or part of our business .
In such transactions , personally identifiable information you have shared with us is generally one of the business assets that will be transferred .
The transferred personally identifiable information will remain subject to the promises made in this privacy policy or subsequent policies to which you have consented .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Weebly may revise , modify or update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your particular Weebly account or by placing a prominent notice on our site prior to the change becoming effective .
Widgets may support functions that require that you disclose certain personally identifiable information given the user 's choice of participation .
This information is collected in many different ways such as : forms , surveys , contests , forums , subscribing or unsubscribing to mailings and correcting or updating personally identifiable information and are only used for the purpose in which they were collected .
Forms which require sensitive information such as financial information ( credit card ) to process purchases for products or services are SSL encrypted to protect your sensitive information .
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Weebly , Inc .
If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies .
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit .
You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk .
Once we receive your transmission , we make efforts to ensure security on our systems .
We use physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you .
Your account information is password-protected .
Additionally , your account 's password is stored using a salted , variable work factor , one-way hash algorithm .
In certain areas , Weebly uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions .
However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software .
If Weebly learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
By using Weebly or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of those sites , products and services .
We may post a notice on our applicable web sites if a security breach occurs .
If this happens , you will need a web browser enabling you to view the applicable web sites .
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
Changing your Preferences and Personal Information
You can edit your account information with Weebly at any time .
You can delete your applicable account by visiting the applicable account deletion page ; we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , however , please note that some personal information , primarily your contact information , may remain in our records to the extent necessary to protect our legal interests or document compliance with regulatory requirements .
Weebly , Inc .
San Francisco , CA 94133
Weebly , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Last updated on August 9th 2013 .

THE WEEKLY STANDARD ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting WeeklyStandard.com , ( the Site ) .
This Site is owned and operated by The Weekly Standard LLC ( TWS ) , located at 1150 17th Street , N.W. , Suite 505 , Washington , D.C. 20036 .
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) and all applicable laws .
The terms TWS , we , us and our when used in this Privacy Policy means TWS , its parent company , Clarity Media Group , Inc. and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates .
The terms you and your when used in this Privacy Policy means any user of this Site .
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us , and we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe .
This Privacy Policy describes how we protect your privacy when you use the Site .
This Privacy Policy applies only to information , including personally identifiable information , collected through our Site .
PII means personally identifiable information , which is information that identifies you personally , either alone or in combination with other information available to us ( including without limitation you name , address , email address , telephone number , age , or other personal information ) .
Non-PII means non-personally identifiable information or other information which alone does not identify you ( however , in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual ) .
This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site .
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By using our Site , you are agreeing to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy .
If you do not consent to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII or Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy , you may not use our Site .
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR SITE
We or our third party service providers may collect and track the following types of information about users on our Site :
Optional Voluntary Information .
In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site , you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII .
The use of these services or capabilities is purely optional , so you are not required to submit any PII to TWS if you do not wish to use them .
Some of these capabilities include subscribing to our print magazine ; subscribing to our email newsletter ; making a purchase in our online store ; requesting information from us ; submitting feedback to us ; using our Site to e-mail an article ; participating in surveys , polls , contests , or sweepstakes on our Site ; or requesting customer service or technical support through our Site .
Some of the PII you provide for these purposes is sent directly to our third party service providers rather than being collected by TWS .
For example , if you make a purchase in our online store , subscribe to our print magazine , request information regarding our cruise , or use our article email function , your data is transferred directly to the third party service providers with whom TWS has contracted to handle these services on our behalf .
TWS tracks user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site .
However , we do not correlate this information with data about personally identifiable individual users .
TWS sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms users of our Site enter in our Search function , but this tracking is not associated with individual users .
Collecting usage information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience .
In addition , certain third party service providers may track usage and Non-PII of our users .
This is described further below .
Cookies , pixels , and other technologies .
In order to improve your experience when using our Site , we , our third party service providers , or advertisers may place a text file called a `` cookie '' in the browser files of your computer , which stores preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience .
A cookie ca n't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites .
We , our third party service providers or advertisers may also use web beacons , pixel tags , or other technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page or embedded in emails sent to users .
More information about third party advertising and ad targeting is below .
TWS uses cookies to track user traffic patterns , to enhance your experience when using our Site , to persist information through your session , and to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections .
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser .
If you 've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies , you will receive the warning message with each cookie .
Disabling cookies may result in errors while using the Site .
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser .
TWS collects certain Non-PII sent to us automatically by your web browser , such as your IP address , the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site , information on your operating system and browser , and the date and time of your visit .
In addition , we may review our server logs for security purposes , such as detecting intrusions into our network .
If we suspect criminal activity , we might share our server logs -- which contain visitors ' IP addresses -- with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals .
ADVERTISING AND AD TARGETING
We generally use third party advertising companies to serve ads when users visit the Site .
In the course of serving advertisements to this Site , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser .
These companies may use Non-PII collected regarding user visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to our users .
The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere , provides a website offering more information about this practice and your choices about not having this information used by these companies , as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general .
We use certain third parties to serve ads on our Site , to provide us with data collection and ad response measurement .
These third parties may view or set their own cookies , web beacons , pixel tags or use similar technologies subject to their own privacy guidelines .
In addition to the NAI site , which provides general information about third party ad servers , you may visit the websites of the third parties listed below to see the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners .
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITE
TWS may use PII collected on our Site : to enhance your experience using our Site ( whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the Site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users ) ; to process your order , subscription , or other request for information or products ; to maintain your registration on the Site ; to improve our Site or for other purposes related to the business of TWS ; for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise as we may disclose to you from time to time .
We may also use Non-PII sent to us by your web browser or by cookies to perform statistical analyses of our server logs in order to study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site .
We also review IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience .
TWS creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners .
This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs .
We will not collect ( nor provide to an advertiser or sponsor ) information that a specific identifiable user clicked on any particular ad .
However , by clicking on , otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad , and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites .
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
We may inform advertisers of the results of our analyses of our server logs , including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience , however , such disclosures will refer only to general , aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information .
We may share your PII with : ( i ) our current or future affiliates , subsidiaries , parent company , or other related entities ; ( ii ) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf , for example , companies that provide support services to us ( such as data storage and web hosting services ) ; and ( iii ) carefully selected third parties for marketing or other purposes not expressly described herein .
In addition , in many circumstances , your data is provided directly to our third party service providers rather than being provided to TWS ( for example , when you subscribe to our print magazine online , when you make a purchase in our online store , when you email an article through our Site , or when you sign up to receive information about a cruise ) as all of these functions are handled by third parties on behalf of TWS , and these entities may in turn share your PII with TWS .
We may disclose the PII we collect through our Site when we , in good faith , believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ( or a court order or subpoena ) ; to prevent or investigate a possible crime , such as fraud or identity theft ; to enforce the terms of use or other agreements that govern your use of our Site ; to protect the rights , property or safety of TWS , our users or others ; or to protect your vital interests .
Information submitted to our Site is an asset of TWS and will become part of our normal business records .
Your PII may be transferred to another company that has acquired the stock or assets of TWS , for example , as the result of a sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or liquidation .
If such a transfer occurs , the acquiring company 's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy , and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us .
Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section , by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy , and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosure described in this Privacy Policy .
Third party sites , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices .
Through the Site you may be introduced to , or be able to access , information , third party sites , content , advertisements , features , contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties .
TWS is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites .
You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party 's information on a feature or page operated by a third party .
INTERNATIONAL USERS - TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
TWS is headquartered in the United States , and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to TWS in the United States and may be shared with entities related to TWS wherever they may be located .
You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by TWS and any TWS related entities , or any of the other parties described in this Privacy Policy , whether located in the United States or any other countries , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or for any other specific purposes to which you consent .
If you are located in a country other than the United States , you should note that , at present , the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing adequate protection for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries .
Please know , however , that no matter where your personal information is collected , used , transferred or stored , if it was collected through the TWS Site , it will be protected by the terms o of this Privacy Policy .
Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent .
The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , do not provide us with any PII .
If we learn that someone under 13 has provided Personal Information to the Site , we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases .
TWS operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems .
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary .
Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site 's users .
MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect , use and disclose your PII .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy , at any time and without prior notice , by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site .
Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all PII or Non-PII collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy .
You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked `` Privacy Policy '' at the bottom of each page of our Site .
To the extent rules or guidelines affecting your use of the Site are found on other pages of the Site , those rules and guidelines are hereby incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 25 , 2011 .

Your privacy and the security of your personal information are very important to us .
We want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our Website and using our Online Products .
We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of those who visit our Website and use our Online Products .
This Privacy Policy governs our United States weightwatchers.com websites ( collectively our `` Website '' ) and our Online Products , and explains how we collect your personal information on our Website or through the Online Products , how we protect such information , and the choices you have concerning the use of such information .
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully .
Except as WeightWatchers.com , Inc. and Weight Watchers International , Inc. ( collectively , `` we '' , `` us '' , or `` our '' ) disclose in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , license , trade , or rent your personal information to others .
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time .
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone .
Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis .
By using our Website or any of our products , offerings , features , tools or resources that we provide on our Website ( collectively , our `` Online Products '' ) , including our products or offerings for personal digital assistants or other handheld or mobile devices ( collectively , our Handheld Products ) , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Please remember that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products .
We are not responsible for the privacy of any information you reveal or post in any public forum ( e.g. , message board , blog , personal page , etc . ) or through the `` Public Profile '' feature available on our Website , or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties .
TRUSTe Click to verifyWeight Watchers.com , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by visiting this page
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ?
WHERE AND WHEN IS INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ( INCLUDING THROUGH THE USE OF COOKIES AND ACTION TAGS ) ?
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE ?
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ?
WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES ?
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY WHEN YOU LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES ?
IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT SECURE ?
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION , DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ?
CAN YOU UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ?
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY ?
WHOM DO YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE ANY PRIVACY QUESTIONS ?
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS
We collect two types of information : personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information .
Personally Identifiable Information .
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you ( `` Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
Such Personally Identifiable Information may include your name , address , email address , telephone number , birth date ( primarily for eligibility purposes ) and billing and payment information .
We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register on our Website , subscribe to our Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time .
In all of these cases , we will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us .
Unless you give us permission to do so , we will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy .
You do not have to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website .
However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections of our Website or use all of our Online Products , such as subscribing to our online weight-loss tools or posting content to any Community Area on our Website .
A `` Community Area '' means any blog , personal page , group page , chat room , message board , bulletin board , recipe swap , or similar activity .
In addition , we may not be able to provide you with some of the other Online Products dependent upon the collection of such information , such as a personalized WeightWatchers.com home page .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information .
When you become a registered user of our Website , subscribe to one of our current Online Products , or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time , we also may collect information that by itself can not be used to identify or contact you , such as demographic information ( like age , profession or gender ) and health information ( like current weight ) ( `` Non-Personally Identifiable Information '' ) .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website .
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and our Online Products in particular .
Information from Other Sources .
We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving our Website and Online Products , to determine your preferences so that we can tailor our Website and Online Products to your needs , and/or to study nutritional , weight-loss , behavioral and fitness questions in general .
WHERE AND WHEN IS INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH OUR ONLINE PRODUCTS ( INCLUDING THROUGH THE USE OF COOKIES AND ACTION TAGS
We may collect information ( including information that is Personally Identifiable Information ) from you in different manners and at different places and times on our Website , such as when you register for our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products .
We also may collect information from you in connection with , or through , other Online Products we may make available on our Website from time to time .
The following is a description of the areas and/or manners in which we primarily collect information about you .
Becoming a Registered User and Subscription .
In order to access certain Online Products on our Website , such as our Community Areas , weight-loss tools and food database , you must first complete certain steps to become either a registered user or a subscriber .
During these steps , you may be required to provide us with information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) such as name , zip code and email address , and , if you subscribe to one of our Online Products , payment and billing information .
This information is used to help us understand who uses our Website , to improve our Website and our Online Products , to contact users about requested Online Products and/or for subscription billing purposes .
It is optional for you to provide demographic information ( such as profession and number of children ) , but providing this information is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our Website .
Cookies and Action Tags .
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information passively using `` cookies '' and `` action tags . ''
`` Cookies '' are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device in order to identify ( i ) your Web browser , ( ii ) the activities of your computer on our Website and ( iii ) your activity in connection with our advertisements and other marketing and promotional efforts .
Cookies may be used to :
personalize your experience on our Website ( e.g. , to dynamically generate content on webpages specifically designed for you ) ,
assist you in using our Online Products ( e.g. , to save you time by not having to reenter your name upon each visit to our Website ) , and
allow us to statistically monitor how you are using our Website for purposes of improving our online offerings .
We also may use cookies to conduct marketing and promotional efforts , tailor certain advertisements to your browser that we think may be of interest to you , or to determine the popularity of certain content .
We may link the information stored in cookies to Personally Identifiable Information you provide us , and to personalize your Website experience we may store Personally Identifiable Information you provide us in an encrypted form in temporary or session cookies , which are erased when you close your browser .
In addition to cookies that we place on your computer , cookies may also be placed on your computer by third parties that we use to display or serve advertisements or to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide advertising-related services .
For example , in the course of serving advertisements , our third-party ad servers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
We have selected DoubleClick Inc .
( `` DoubleClick '' ) ( owned by Google , Inc. ) and Razorfish , LLC , ( owned by Microsoft Corp. ) which employs Atlas DMT ( Atlas ) technology , as our third party ad servers .
Neither DoubleClick , Atlas nor their cookies collect Personally Identifiable Information on our Website , and we do not share Personally Identifiable Information with them without your permission .
DoubleClick 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can `` opt-out '' of certain tracking by DoubleClick .
Atlas 's privacy policy describes its data collection practices and explains the way in which you can `` opt-out '' of certain tracking by Atlas .
You may also `` opt-out '' of certain tracking on our Website and other websites by various advertising companies through the Network Advertising Initiative .
You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website , however , you may not be able to use certain products , offerings , features , or resources of our Website ( including our Online Products ) if you do not accept cookies .
Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar .
`` Action tags , '' also known as web beacons or GIF tags , are a web technology used to help track anonymous website usage information , such as how many times a specific page has been viewed .
Action tags are invisible to you , and any portion of our Website , including advertisements , or e-mail sent on our behalf , may contain action tags .
Unlike cookies , action tags are not placed on your computer .
For example , third-party ad servers such as DoubleClick and Atlas may track anonymous website usage through action tags on our Website and other websites .
They do this by setting a cookie ( or reading a cookie previously placed by them ) on users ' computers to track the activities of users who view a web page that contains action tags .
DoubleClick and Atlas may use information about your visits to this Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Periodically , upon our request , DoubleClick and/or Atlas may report the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy .
Similarly , we use Adobe Site Catalyst to help us track and analyze usage of our Website , using cookies and action tags .
All data collected by Adobe on our behalf is owned by us and used to better understand our users and improve our Website .
More information can be found in Adobe 's Privacy Policy .
By using cookies and action tags together , we are able to gain valuable information to improve our Website and our Online Products and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns .
We do not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information to our advertising partners through the use of cookies or action tags .
Finally , please note that advertisers and other third parties may also use their own cookies or action tags when you view or click on their advertisement or link to their website or service , on or from our Website .
This Privacy Policy does not govern the use by such third-party websites or providers of third-party advertising .
Social Media ( Features ) and Widgets
Our Website includes social media features , buttons and widgets provided by third party social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter ( collectively , the Features ) .
A Feature may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
This cookie may allow the social media platform to link the foregoing data with your user profile .
The Features are either hosted by the third party platform or directly on our Website .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the relevant platform .
Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider
You can log in to our Website using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity .
Through third party referral program operators and others , we offer referral programs whereby referral websites can earn commissions through the referral of subscribers or other purchasers to our Website .
To track the earning of such commissions , and to determine the effectiveness of the referral programs , the users who become subscribers to our Online Products or purchasers through such referral websites are tracked using technologies that do not include Personally Identifiable Information ( such as cookies and/or action tags ) .
Our program operators and the referral websites themselves can only access non-Personally Identifiable Information such as data relating to the number of impressions served , the number of transactions completed , and their resulting earnings .
They can not access our customers ' personal data .
If you choose to apply to be a referral website , we use the data you provide strictly for conducting business with you .
We have entered into certain agreements with third party program operators for the purpose of administering our referral programs .
Should you become a referral website of ours through one of our third party program operators , any information you provide to them is subject to their privacy policies .
We collect information , some of which may be Personally Identifiable Information , that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of our Online Products ( available either for free or on a subscription basis ) such as the `` Favorites '' feature , the PointsPlus Tracker tool , the `` Weight Tracker '' tool and the Community Areas .
We also collect information that you provide voluntarily through responses to special Online Products such as surveys , questionnaires , self-assessment quizzes , contests and the like .
Some of these Online Products may ask you for health related information .
We collect this information in order to personalize your online experience .
Information is also collected when you use our Handheld Products , including the software application needed to utilize the Handheld Products on your handheld device ( the Application ) .
During the installation of the Application and subsequent synchronizations , we collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information concerning your device ( such as the specific type of operating system and hardware you have , and the amount of free and total memory ) and the Application 's files on your device .
Our Handheld Products also collect information about your usage of the Application ( such as the dates you last synced with the Internet or the dates you last used certain features ) .
When you sync your device with the Website , we store some of this information .
Public Forums and the Public Profile Feature .
We feature public forums such as those contained in the Community Areas where you and other users of our Website can communicate with one another .
In addition , we offer both the `` Public Profile '' and Account Settings features of our Website to permit you to share information about yourself ( including , if you elect , Personally Identifiable Information ) with others .
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT PROTECT YOU WHEN YOU USE OUR PUBLIC FORUMS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION ( INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ) ABOUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE OR THROUGH ANY COMMUNITY AREA AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE .
You should be aware that any information shared in a public forum such as a message board , blog , personal page , posting , group , bulletin board or recipe swap or through our Public Profile feature is public information and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy , although the availability of personal pages or groups identified as private may be limited to certain permitted users .
However , even information marked private may be viewed by our staff .
You should think carefully before disclosing any information in any public forum , or through the Public Profile feature , on our Website .
For example , you should not select a username that includes personal information.To request removal of your personal information from our Community Areas , contact our Privacy Coordinator at the address indicated below .
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files , which record data such as user IP addresses , browser types , domain names , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website .
This information may be used to analyze trends , to administer the Website , to monitor our Website 's use , and to gather general demographic information .
We may link this information to Personally Identifiable Information for these and other purposes such as personalizing your experience on our Website and evaluating our Online Products in general .
Email or Refer a Friend .
Through our referral tools for informing a friend about our Website , or one of our Online Products , we will automatically send your friend a one-time email containing the information you request to be sent .
If you elect to use these referral tools , we will collect from you certain Personally Identifiable Information about your friend such as your friend 's name and email address .
We may store that information for purposes of sending the one-time email and as necessary to operate and track the success of our referral program .
We will not use your friend 's information for any other purpose .
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children .
Our Website and Online Products are not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13 .
We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 .
We urge all parents or guardians to participate in their children 's exploration of the Internet , and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online .
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In general , we use the information collected on our Website and through our Online Products to help us understand who uses our Website and Online Products and how they are used , to personalize your experience , to assist you in using our Online Products , to improve our Website and Online Products , and for subscription billing purposes , if applicable .
With respect to our Handheld Products , for example , we may use such information , among other things , to ensure that your handheld device is supported and that it has enough room for the Application , and to confirm which versions of the Application 's files are installed on your device .
If you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products , we may use your information to send you a welcoming email that may confirm your username .
If you `` opt-in '' ( for example , if you check a box , or if the box is pre-checked , you do not opt out by unchecking the box ) we may send you electronic newsletters , contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you , and provide you with targeted feedback .
If you no longer desire to receive these communications , we will provide you with an option to change your preferences .
In addition , if you identify yourself to us by sending us an email with questions or comments , we may use your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to respond to your questions or comments , and we may file your questions or comments for future reference .
We may also use the information collected to contact you about important service announcements and updates regarding our Website or Online Products or , if you are a subscriber , about your billing account status .
You will not be able to opt-out of these service announcements and updates as they contain important information relevant to your use of our Website and/or our Online Products and are not promotional in nature .
( If you do not wish to receive these service announcements , you may cancel your account with us and delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below . )
In addition , we may use your information to contact you about Weight Watchers products , services , information and news that may be of interest to you by postal mail if you become a registered user of our Website or subscribe to one of our Online Products after April 23 , 2004 and/or by phone if you become a subscriber to one of our Online Products after October 25 , 2012 , unless you notify us that you no longer desire to receive these communications .
We may also use the information gathered on our Website and through our Online Products to perform statistical analysis of user behavior , to analyze and evaluate issues relating to nutrition , weight-loss , behavior and fitness , or to evaluate and improve our Online Products .
We may link some of this information to Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only or to assist you in your personal weight-loss efforts .
WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you , we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Website .
We may disclose information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) about you to our Affiliates .
For purposes of this Privacy Policy , `` Affiliate '' means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls , is controlled by or is under common control with WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. , whether by ownership or otherwise .
Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We may share your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) with franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc. , but only where we indicate to you at time of information collection that such information will be provided to a franchisee , or if we otherwise obtain your permission .
Laws and Legal Rights .
We may also disclose your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute , regulation , rule or law , a subpoena , a search warrant , a court or regulatory order , or other valid legal process .
We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions , or our Subscription Agreement or to protect the safety and/or security of our users , our Website or the general public .
Third Parties Generally .
We may provide to third parties information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted , including where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our Website .
For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website , the demographic breakdown of the registered users of our Website , or the activities that visitors to our Website engage in while on our Website .
The third parties to which we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers , providers of advertising services ( including website tracking services ) , commercial partners , sponsors , licensees , researchers and other similar parties .
We may employ independent contractors , vendors and suppliers ( collectively , `` Outside Contractors '' ) to provide specific services and products related to our Website or Online Products , such as providing payment processing and fraud screening , and developing applications for our Website and e-mail services .
These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected on our Website , including your Personally Identifiable Information , in the course of providing products or services to us .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us .
We also require that these Outside Contractors ( i ) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy , and ( ii ) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted .
Third Party Sellers .
In addition , through our Website , you may be given the opportunity to purchase ( or to obtain more information regarding ) certain content , products or services which are sold through a person or company other than us or our Affiliates ( collectively , `` Third Party Sellers '' ) .
We will attempt to make it clear to you when you are dealing with a Third Party Seller by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website .
For example , if you see a phrase such as `` powered by '' or `` brought to you by '' followed by the name of a person or company other than Weight Watchers , then you are likely on , or about to enter , a website hosted or operated by a person or company other than us .
Third Party Sellers may request that you submit certain information to them in order to purchase their products or services or to obtain additional information from them .
You do not need to submit this information or purchase any products or services from Third Party Sellers to access our Website .
By submitting the requested information , you affirmatively consent to have that information shared with the Third Party Seller .
This information is used by the Third Party Seller and may be subject to a different privacy policy .
We do not otherwise share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to Third Party Sellers .
Sale of Business .
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale , merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of WeightWatchers.com , Inc. or Weight Watchers International , Inc. provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
We will notify users of any such transfer through notice on our site and through email .
The ActiveLink Website shall be considered a Website for purposes of this Privacy Policy , and the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply to the collection , use and treatment by us of your personal information in connection with the ActiveLink Website as set forth herein .
In the course of hosting and supporting ActiveLink , Philips may have access to information collected on our Website ( including on the ActiveLink Website ) , including your Personally Identifiable Information and Non Personally Identifiable Information .
Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by Philips is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for Philips to support ActiveLink .
Philips has agreed to protect the privacy of your data consistent with the Philips ActiveLink Privacy Policy
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY WHEN YOU LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Website contains links to other websites not owned or operated by WeightWatchers.com , Inc. ( for example , if you `` click '' on a banner advertisement , you will likely be taken off our Website ) , including links to websites operated by franchisees of Weight Watchers International , Inc .
We will attempt to make it obvious to you when you leave our Website and enter these websites by opening a new browser or otherwise notifying you that you are leaving our Website .
However , please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites .
We encourage you to be aware when our Website links to other websites and to read the privacy policies or statements of each and every website .
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Website or through our Online Products .
IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT SECURE
We want your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) to remain as secure as possible .
We strive to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques .
To help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us via the Internet at the time you elect to become a registered user or subscribe to our Online Products , we use Secured Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in transmitting such Personally Identifiable Information over the Internet to our servers .
We secure the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers located in controlled , secure environments , protected from unauthorized access , use , or alteration .
Only employees who need access to your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information .
In addition , all WeightWatchers.com employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices .
Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination .
Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information ( including Personally Identifiable Information ) from loss , misuse or alteration by third parties , you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet .
There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems .
As a result , while we strive to protect your information , we can not ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION , DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy , we will only use Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes described above or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you .
You must `` opt-in '' and give us permission to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose .
If you no longer wish to receive communications from us via postal mail , you may notify us by calling us at ( 800 ) 651-6000 or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
You may change your preference and `` opt-out '' of receiving other communications by changing that option in the Communication Preferences feature of our Website , following the directions provided in association with the communication , or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
Users of our Website are notified when Personally Identifiable Information is being collected by third parties on our Website .
We do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether you should disclose information to a third party .
In addition , as noted above , you may `` opt-out '' of certain data tracking practices by our advertising partners .
For more information about the data tracking practices of various third-party advertising companies , including their privacy practices and `` opt-out '' procedures , please go to the website operated by the Network Advertising Initiative
CAN YOU UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You can always contact us in order to ( 1 ) update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information , ( 2 ) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us , or ( 3 ) delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems , by accessing Account Settings or contacting our Privacy Coordinator at the address set out below .
Such updates , corrections , changes and deletions will not have an effect on other information that we maintain , or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update , correction , change or deletion .
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our systems .
The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate .
We promise that promptly after receiving your request , all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed or deleted , as appropriate , We will respond to your request within 30 days .
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will post those changes on our Website so you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
If at any point we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy , or otherwise disclosed to you , at the time it was collected , we will notify you by email or otherwise , and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personally Identifiable Information in the new manner .
We may also make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect our use of your Personally Identifiable Information .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you should not use our Website .
WHOM DO YOU CONTACT IF YOU HAVE ANY PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of our posted Privacy Policy , please contact our Privacy Coordinator in any of the following ways :
Email our Privacy Coordinator at :
Or , write to our Privacy Coordinator at :
WeightWatchers.com , Inc .
675 Sixth Avenue , 6th Floor ,
New York , NY 10010
Attn : Privacy Coordinator
Or , fax our Privacy Coordinator at :
( 212 ) 589-2601
Attn : Privacy Coordinator
We comply with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of data from the European Union .
More information can be found in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement
BY USING OUR WEBSITE , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE .
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES .
Last modified as of July 29 , 2013

Your privacy is extremely important to Wellness.com .
We want you to feel as comfortable as possible visiting our website and using its services .
This Privacy Policy and Agreement ( `` Privacy Policy '' ) tells you what information Wellness.com , Inc .
( `` The Company '' ) collects about you and your use of this website .
This policy also explains how The Company protects that information and what choices you have about how it is used .
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you will understand clearly both our commitment to you and your privacy , and how we may collect and use information .
By using the Wellness.com site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
In this privacy policy , we will inform you of the following :
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected
What organization is collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available regarding collection , use and distribution of the information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy applies only to Wellness.com online services , specifically relating to the Free E-News subscription form and the Free Membership enrollment form in which a person may enter their personal information to become an E-News `` Subscriber '' or a `` Member '' of the Wellness Community .
Some of the links on this website connect to information hosted by other third-party websites .
When you navigate to content that comes from another website ( whether through an advertisement , co-brand , service , or content link ) , be aware that any information you disclose on or through those sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy .
Wellness.com does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of the third party websites to which we link .
You should always review the privacy policy for those sites to understand how they treat your personal information .
Within the Site , this Privacy Policy applies only to the information described below .
If you enrolled for any Wellness.com Subscription Services , please review the applicable provisions of the separate Subscriber Agreement , as well as the Wellness.com Web Site Use Agreement , to understand how we treat the information you enter when using those services .
Information Collected by This Website
Personal Information is information that can be used to identify or contact you .
You may use this website without submitting personal information .
By entering your personal information into a Wellness.com free E-News subscription form or becoming a Member , you consent to the company 's use of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
Your personal information will not be shared with any third-party companies or advertisers out of our control .
Wellness.com may use the information you enter to contact you by email .
Email communications may include information related to specific conditions or topics that interests you , as well as general health and wellness information , wellness tools , surveys and news .
In most cases , the company will not contact subscribers or members more than once per week .
The website may collect anonymous , non-Personal Information about your use of the website through the use of `` cookies . ''
Cookies are small computer files that are transferred with your permission to your computer 's hard drive .
This cookie file recognizes your computer ( not your personal information ) as a repeat visitor and allows the website operator to record how often each computer visits the website and the particular pages viewed by the computer .
Every computer is assigned a different cookie by Wellness.com .
The information collected by cookies can also help the company dynamically generate content on web pages specifically designed for your interests and also allows the company to statistically monitor how many people are using the site and for what purpose .
Cookies also help authenticate users as to not require a password every time the user visits the site from the same PC .
Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies if desired .
However , users must at least allow for session-based cookies to use the basic website features .
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the `` Help '' section of the toolbar if interested .
Sponsors , partners , advertisers , or other third parties on Wellness.com may also use their own cookies when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service .
Some advertisers use companies other than Wellness.com to serve their ads and these companies ( `` Ad Servers '' ) may also collect non-Personal Information through the use of cookies on the website .
Wellness.com does not control these third parties ' use of cookies , or how they manage the non-Personal Information they gather through them .
However , we do require Ad Servers to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from user 's visit to a third party advertisement without your consent and to agree they will not link any non-personal cookie information collected by their advertisement to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other websites .
You should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from Wellness.com to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies on their own sites .
This Privacy Policy can not protect you when you use any public discussion forum , discussion group or web blog such as the community features hosted on Wellness.com .
As a service to our users , Wellness.com may feature bulletin boards or online discussions .
Any information shared in a bulletin board or online discussion is public information and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy .
You should think carefully before disclosing any Personal Information you do n't want others to read in any public forum .
Disclosure of Your Information
Except as set forth in this Article or as specifically agreed to by you , Wellness.com will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you on the Website .
The company may release Personal Information to third parties : ( 1 ) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law , regulation , search warrant , subpoena or court order ; or ( 2 ) in special cases , such as a physical threat to you or others .
In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party , we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order .
Disclosure for Marketing Purposes
Wellness.com may disclose your contact information to its marketing and sales staff for the purpose of contacting you to offer additional services your use of the Website indicates an interest in .
Disclosure in the Context of Linked Websites
Wellness.com will not disclose your Personal Information to the owners and operators of third-party websites linked to the Wellness.com .
Please remember that this Privacy Policy no longer applies once you view content hosted by a third party website .
Disclosure of Aggregate Information
Wellness.com may provide to third parties non-Personal Information about its website usage statistics that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that is combined with the non-Personal Information of other users ( `` Aggregate Information '' ) .
For example , the company might inform third parties regarding the number of users of the Website and the activities they conduct while on the website .
Depending on the circumstances , the company may or may not charge third parties for this Aggregate Information .
The company also may not limit the third parties use of the Aggregate Information , except that we do require third parties to whom we disclose Aggregate Information to agree that they will not attempt to make this information personally identifiable by combining it with other databases or otherwise .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address , or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
Google , as a third party vendor , uses cookies to serve ads on your site .
Google 's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and * other sites on the Internet .
ValueClick , as a third party vendor , users cookies to serve ads on this site and across the web .
You may opt-out here .
Users will occasionally be presented with the option of receiving informational emails or newsletters from Wellness.com .
Users may exercise these options by indicating their email preferences for receiving these communications .
In most cases , at the bottom of any email sent from Wellness.com , if you wish to unsubscribe from the list , click on the `` UNSUBSCRIBE '' link at the bottom of the email to automatically have your information removed from our that newsletter 's database of recipients .
Your information will be removed immediately upon your completion of the automated unsubscribe process .
Protecting your Personal Information
Wellness.com , Inc. takes reasonable technological and physical security measures to protect each user 's Personal Information ; however , users must protect their own passwords and log-in information themselves .
The Company can not protect a user 's Personal Information from a third-party who has obtained their log-in and password credentials legally or illegally .
Users are cautioned to take great care to protect their own passwords .
Some recommended strategies to help protect passwords are as follows :
Always select a password that is a mixture of at least 7 letters and numbers that can not be easily associated with your known personal information .
Never enter your password in the presence of another person who could watch you type it .
Never use the same password on different websites that are insecure or possibly run by companies which do not protect your Personal Information .
Updating Your Personal Information and Contacting Wellness.com
Such changes will not have any effect on other information that Wellness.com maintains .
You may not delete your Personal Information if you wish to continue access to the Website and/or our Wellness.com members-only services .
It is not technologically reasonable to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to Wellness.com from our computers servers .
The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for the company to locate .
Nevertheless , upon receiving your request , all Personal Information stored in the live active databases we host will be removed .
Privacy as it applies to the Internet is a dynamic , rapidly developing area .
In the future , the company may make significant changes to its privacy policy affecting the use of the Personal Information it collects .
The company will notify users by email of any significant material changes to its privacy policy and obtain your `` opt-in '' consent to any significant new uses of your Personal Information , if it was collected from you prior to a significant change in this policy .
The company may also make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect the use of your Personal Information .
You should also check this posted Privacy Policy for any future changes .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy , please exit the site immediately and terminate your membership in Wellness.com .
Revised August 20 , 2012 Copyright 2012 Wellness.com .
All rights reserved .

This policy is effective as of November 1 , 2013 .
WHAT DOES WELLS FARGO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information .
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing .
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect , share , and protect your personal information .
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do .
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us .
This information can include :
Social Security number and employment information
Account balances and transaction history
Credit history and investment experience
All financial companies need to share customers ' personal information to run their everyday business .
In the section below , we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers ' personal information ; the reasons Wells Fargo chooses to share ; and whether you can limit this sharing .
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Wells Fargo share ?
Can you limit this sharing ?
For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions , maintain your account ( s ) , respond to court orders and legal investigations , or report to credit bureaus
For our marketing purposes with service providers we use to offer our products and services to you ( please see below to limit the ways in which we contact you )
For joint marketing with other financial companies
We do n't share
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences
For our affiliates ' everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness
For our affiliates to market to you
For nonaffiliates to market to you
We do n't share
To limit our sharing
Call 1-888-528-8460 our menu will prompt you through your choices .
Online banking customers log on to a secure session at wellsfargo.com , and choose Change Privacy Preferences under the Account Services tab .
If you are a new customer , we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice .
When you are no longer our customer , we can continue to share your information as described in this notice .
However , you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing .
To limit direct marketing
To limit our direct marketing to you by mail or telephone , call 1-888-528-8460 our menu will guide you through your choices .
Online banking customers log on to a secure session at wellsfargo.com , and choose Change Privacy Preferences under the Account Services tab .
A Do Not Call election is effective for five years , or while you are an active consumer customer , if longer than five years .
The Do Not Mail election is effective for three years .
You may continue to receive marketing information in regular account mailings and statements when you visit us online or at an ATM .
You may also be contacted to service your account or participate in surveys .
If you have an assigned client manager or team , they may continue to contact you to assist you in managing your portfolio or account relationship .
Call 1-800-TO-WELLS ( 1-800-869-3557 ) or go to wellsfargo.com/privacy-security
Who is providing this notice ?
Wells Fargo U.S. companies that use Wells Fargo in their names and other companies listed in the Wells Fargo U.S. legal entities section below .
How does Wells Fargo protect my personal information ?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use , we use security measures that comply with federal law .
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings .
For more information , visit wellsfargo.com/privacy-security
How does Wells Fargo protect my personal information ?
We collect your personal information , for example , when you :
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your accounts
Apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
Seek advice about your investment
We also collect your personal information from others , such as credit bureaus , affiliates , or other companies .
Why ca n't I limit all sharing ?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only :
Sharing for affiliates ' everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing .
See below for more on your rights under state law .
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else ?
Your choices will apply individually unless you tell us otherwise .
Any account holder may express a privacy preference on behalf of the other joint account holders .
Companies related by common ownership or control .
They can be financial and non-financial companies .
Our affiliates include financial companies with Wells Fargo in their name such as Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. , Wells Fargo Insurance , Inc. , and Wells Fargo Advisors , LLC .
Companies not related by common ownership or control .
They can be financial and non-financial companies .
Wells Fargo does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you .
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you .
Wells Fargo does not jointly market .
Important notice about credit reporting : We may report information about your account ( s ) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies .
Late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account ( s ) may be reflected in your credit report and/or consumer report .
Do Not Call Policy : This Privacy Policy constitutes Wells Fargo 's Do Not Call Policy under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act for all consumers .
Wells Fargo maintains an internal Do Not Call preference list .
Do Not Call requests will be honored within 30 days and will be effective for at least five years from the date of request .
No telemarketing calls will be made to residential or cellular phone numbers that appear on the Wells Fargo Do Not Call list .
Nevada residents : We are providing you this notice pursuant to state law .
You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by following the directions in the To limit direct marketing section .
Box 5277 , Sioux Falls , SD 57117-5277 .
Vermont : We automatically treat customers with a Vermont mailing address as having limited sharing with our affiliates as provided on page one .
Trust or fiduciary accounts : Trust or fiduciary accounts for which Wells Fargo is the trustee or service provider , including employer-sponsored retirement accounts , are protected under special rules of confidentiality .
Information on these accounts is not shared for marketing purposes without specific consent .
Wells Fargo Advisors financial advisors : If your financial advisor 's affiliation with Wells Fargo Advisors ends and they join a non-affiliated securities broker-dealer , your financial advisor may be permitted to use limited information to contact you to join their new firm , as a usual means to continue to service and maintain your accounts .
The information they may use is limited to your name , address , email address , phone number , and account title .
Wells Fargo U.S. legal entities and businesses covered by this notice
Wells Fargo U.S. banks and companies with Wells Fargo in their names , including Wells Fargo Advisors , LLC ; Wells Fargo Bank , N.A . doing business as Flatiron Capital ; as well as American Mortgage Network , LLC , doing business as Vertice ; and Abbot Downing , a Wells Fargo Business .
This Privacy Disclosure also describes the privacy practices of First Clearing , LLC ( First Clearing ) , which is an affiliated clearing firm of Wells Fargo Advisors , LLC .
First Clearing does not market to holders of accounts carried by First Clearing or provide information regarding such accounts or regarding your creditworthiness to other Wells Fargo companies for their own marketing or everyday business purposes , and the choices in this notice do not apply to First Clearing .
The following legal entities and businesses are not covered by this notice and have separate privacy notices :
Wells Fargo Financial National Bank
The Wells Fargo Advantage Funds
Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network , LLC
Any insurance company , insurance agency , or insurance brokerage or other company , which has its own privacy disclosures
Businesses which have provided a separate privacy notice governing specified accounts or relationships

The White House is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing the personal information made available to us when you visit WhiteHouse.gov , as well White House pages on other sites ( such as official White House profiles on social networks ) .
This privacy policy describes what information is made available to the White House and third parties when you visit WhiteHouse.gov or official White House pages on other sites , and how the White House uses and stores that information .
If you have questions about this policy or suggestions for its improvement , please let us know .
This policy is organized into the following sections :
Information received and stored when you visit WhiteHouse.gov
Website Measurement and Customization Technologies ( E.g. , Cookies )
First-party ( WhiteHouse.gov ) website measurement and customization technologies
Third-party website measurement and customization technologies
How you can control website measurement and customization technologies
1.3 Personal information that you voluntarily submit to WhiteHouse.gov
1.4 WhiteHouse.gov User Accounts
2.Links on WhiteHouse.gov to external sites
3.Visiting official White House pages on third-party websites
4.Email subscriptions and updates
5.Children and privacy on WhiteHouse.gov
7.Updates to this privacy policy
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
We will revise or update this policy if our practices change , or as we develop better ways to keep you informed about them .
You should refer back to this page often for the latest information and the effective date of any changes .
If we decide to change this policy , we will post a new policy on our site and change the date at the bottom .
Changes to the policy shall not apply retroactively .
We will revise or update this policy if our practices change , or as we develop better ways to keep you informed about them .
You should refer back to this page often for the latest information and the effective date of any changes .
If we decide to change this policy , we will post a new policy on our site and change the date at the bottom .
Changes to the policy shall not apply retroactively .
1.Information received and stored by the White House when you visit WhiteHouse.gov
When a computer is used to access information on WhiteHouse.gov , the following basic information is automatically received and stored by the White House web servers hosting WhiteHouse.gov :
Internet Protocol ( IP ) Address .
A computer 's IP address establishes its location on the internet and allows other computers , such as those hosting WhiteHouse.gov , to send it content and other information ;
The internet domain name when a computer accesses the internet through a domain , such as from a corporation ( xcompany.com ) or university ( `` yourschool.edu '' ) ;
The date , time , and duration of a website visit ;
If a computer accesses a page on WhiteHouse.gov via a link on another page , the URL of that referring , non-WhiteHouse.gov page ;
Information about the computer set-up , such as the type and version of web browser ( e.g. , Internet Explorer 8.0 , Mozilla Firefox 5.0 ) , operating system ( e.g. , Unix , Mac OS , MS Windows ) , Java support ( yes or no ) , Flash version ( e.g. , 10.1 r85 ) , screen resolution ( e.g. , 1280x800 ) , and connection speed ( e.g. , DSL , T1 ) ;
The specific pages a computer accesses when it requests information from WhiteHouse.gov ; and
The amount of data ( measured in number of bytes ) transmitted from WhiteHouse.gov to a computer .
The White House does not use this information to identify or track the browsing of individual users .
We do use it to generate aggregate statistics about how WhiteHouse.gov is used .
We retain this information for a yearfor example , server logs from June 2011 will be deleted in June 2012 .
We do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
In some cases , we may share the information with other federal agencies in response to lawful law enforcement requests or to protect WhiteHouse.gov from security threats .
Website Measurement and Customization Technologies ( E.g. , Cookies )
First-party ( WhiteHouse.gov ) Website Measurement and Customization Technologies
The White House uses web measurement and customization technologies to make WhiteHouse.gov function better for visitors and to better understand how the public is using the website .
This means that when you visit a page on WhiteHouse.gov , the internet browser on your computer may download and save a small file from WhiteHouse.gov ( commonly called a cookie ) so that our website can recognize your specific computer and browser when you use WhiteHouse.gov in the future .
The White House does not use technologies that track your interactions on non-WhiteHouse.gov websites .
Information on how to control these web measurement and customization technologies can be found in Section 1.2.3 : How you can control website measurement and customization technologies .
These technologies fall into two categories , based on the length of time they remain active :
Single-session cookies last only as long as a web browser is open .
Once the browser is closed , the data files on your computer are deleted .
Multi-session cookies last beyond a single session of browsing a website ; this allows a website to recognize a computer or user for defined amount of time .
WhiteHouse.gov uses the following web measurement and customization technologies ( defined and organized per the Office of Management and Budget 's Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies ( OMB M-10-22 ) ) :
Session cookies are used for technical purposes , such as enabling better navigation through the site , facilitating the use of user accounts ( see Section 1.4 ) , and generating aggregated statistics about how the website is used .
Under the framework of OMB M-10-22 , this qualifies as a Tier 1 use .
Persistent cookies are used to recognize a computer that has previously visited WhiteHouse.gov , which can improve a user 's experience , for example by continuing preference settings from previous visits .
WhiteHouse.gov currently uses the following first-party persistent cookies : When a visitor views a welcome , or splash , ' page , WhiteHouse.gov sets a persistent cookie to prevent them from seeing that page repeatedly .
This cookie does not collect personal identifying information .
WhiteHouse.gov sets three persistent cookies to measure website metrics , such as which pages are popular and how often people visit the website .
These cookies do not collect personal identifying information .
Under the framework of OMB M-10-22 , this qualifies as a Tier 2 use .
The White House uses a third-party analytics provider ( currently Google Analytics ) to analyze the data collected through the session and persistent metrics cookies .
The third-party analytics provider does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and does not combine , match , or cross-reference WhiteHouse.gov information with any other information .
Please review the third-party analytics provider 's privacy policy for additional information .
These cookies collect information similar to that automatically received and stored on the servers hosting WhiteHouse.gov ; they do not collect personal identifying information .
The White House generally does not access or store the raw information collected through these cookies .
We do view aggregate statistical analyses prepared by our third-party analytics provider , but these analyses do not include any personally identifiable information .
We do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
In some cases , we may share information with other federal agencies in response to lawful law enforcement requests or to protect WhiteHouse.gov from security threats .
As explained in section 1.2.3 , you can control website measurement and customization technologies on WhiteHouse.gov .
Third-party website measurement and customization technologies
Some pages on WhiteHouse.gov may include web content or functionality from third parties , such as embedded videos hosted by non-WhiteHouse.gov services .
For example , as of July 16 , 2012 , content or functionality from the following third parties may be present on some WhiteHouse.gov pages :
For your convenience , this list will be updated on a regular basis to reflect the third party providers of content or functionality that are commonly used on WhiteHouse.gov .
These third parties may use web measurement and customization technologies ( such as cookies ) in conjunction with the provision of this content or functionality .
You should consult the privacy policies of these third parties for further information .
We do not knowingly use third-party tools that place a multi-session cookie prior to the user interacting with the tool , for example by playing an embedded video .
How you can control website measurement and customization technologies
Visitors can control aspects of website measurement and customization technologies used on WhiteHouse.gov .
Visitors who choose to disable these technologies will still have access to comparable information and services on WhiteHouse.gov .
One of the most common forms of website measurement and customization technologies is the use of cookies .
You can choose not to accept cookies from any website , including WhiteHouse.gov , by changing the settings of your browser .
You can also delete cookies stored in your browser at any time .
Here is a list of the cookies that are used by WhiteHouse.gov :
Cookies that begin with wh_splash are used to prevent users from seeing welcome , or splash , ' pages repeatedly .
These cookies do not use a unique identifier .
Cookies that have a name that begin with _utm are each unique and are used for the purpose of website analytics .
Cookies with the name has_js are used to track if a user 's browser has Javascript enabled , and cookies with the name d are used to track if the website should present in a desktop or mobile format ; these cookies persist on a session basis only .
These cookies do no use a unique identifier .
This list will be updated frequently with other cookies used by WhiteHouse.gov .
This list does not include cookies associated with third-party content or functionality included on WhiteHouse.gov ( see section 1.2.2 . ) .
For more information about cookies , including how to delete them from your computer and configure your browser to refuse them from WhiteHouse.gov or any other site , visit the following resources :
Another form of website measurement and customization technology is the use of flash cookies which are created by Adobe Flash , a technology that powers web content such as videos .
To manage these , visit the Website Storage Settings Panel on Adobe.com .
WhiteHouse.gov does not currently use first-party flash cookies , but they may be used by third party technologies included in WhiteHouse.gov ( see section 1.2.2 . ) .
Personal information that you voluntarily submit to WhiteHouse.gov
If you choose to provide us with personal information , for example by completing a Contact Us form , signing up for our email list , or leaving a comment , we may use that information to respond to your message and/or to help us get you the information or services you requested .
Submitting this personal information ( name , address , telephone number , email address , etc . ) is voluntary and is not required to access information on WhiteHouse.gov .
This information will likely be retained by the White House until the end of the current Administration , at which time it will be transferred to the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) in accordance with the Presidential Records Act ( PRA ) .
NARA may eventually release this material to the public , but is required , in accordance with the PRA and the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , to withhold any information that would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy if released .
NARA may also dispose of this information if it determines it to lack value , in accordance with the PRA ; the White House may also dispose of it on the same grounds after notifying NARA in accordance with the PRA .
Access to this information may be requested under FOIA five years after the end of the current Administration .
Information you voluntarily submit through WhiteHouse.gov , such as your name , city , state , and comments on public issues , may be treated as public information .
We may , for example , publish compilations of comments collected through WhiteHouse.gov or provide them to national leaders , members of the press or other individuals outside of the federal government .
We exercise discretion to protect voluntarily submitted information if its disclosure would raise privacy concerns .
Except as described above , we do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
In some cases , we may share information with other federal agencies in response to lawful law enforcement requests or to protect WhiteHouse.gov from security threats .
Additionally , if you seek assistance on a matter within the jurisdiction of a federal agency , we may share your information with that agency for the limited purpose of addressing your request for assistance .
WhiteHouse.gov includes features , such as We the People , that may require users to create a user account in order to access their full functionality .
Setting up an account requires the user to provide a valid email address and a first and last name .
We use this information to communicate with you and to identify content you create with the account .
The features that require a user account may set first party session cookies to maintain a user 's login .
Some of the information provided to set up a user account ( your name and zip code ) and user-generated content created with the account may be treated as public information ( see Section 1.3 ) .
We will not disclose , sell , rent , or exchange the email address you use to create your account to individuals or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
Data from White House user accounts are not associated with server logs or website analytics .
While users may be unable to contribute content to some features on WhiteHouse.gov without an account , they are free to view the site and content generated by others .
Those who wish to communicate with the White House but do not wish to create a user account may do so via the Contact the White House page .
Links on WhiteHouse.gov to external sites
WhiteHouse.gov may contain links to web sites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations and individuals .
WhiteHouse.gov provides these links as a service to our users .
When you follow a link to an external site , you are leaving WhiteHouse.gov and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the external site .
WhiteHouse.gov does not control or guarantee the accuracy , relevance , timeliness , or completeness of information contained in a linked site .
We also do not endorse the organizations or individuals maintaining sites that we link , any views they express , or any products/services they offer .
Visiting official White House pages on third-party websites
The White House maintains official pages or accounts on several third-party web sites in order to better engage with the American public ( a current list is below ) .
Your activity on those third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third party sites .
Users of third-party sites are often sharing information with the general public , user community , and/or the third-party operating the third-party site .
These actors may use this information in a variety of ways .
Consequently , you should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them and ensure that you understand how your information may be used .
You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences .
The White House archives some information that users submit or publish when engaging with the White House through official White House pages or accounts .
The White House archives this information to comply with the Presidential Records Act ( PRA ) .
This information may contain PII , such as an individual 's username and any PII they elect to submit or publish .
In some cases , public account information ( e.g. , name and/or handle ) about users who follow , friend , or take a similar action with respect to an official White House page or profile on third-party sites may be automatically archived .
This information may be retained by the White House until the end of the current Administration , at which time any archived information will be transferred to the National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) in accordance with the PRA .
NARA may eventually release this material to the public , but is required , in accordance with the PRA and the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , to withhold any information that would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy if released .
Access to this information may be requested under FOIA five years after the end of the current Administration .
Information , including PII , that you voluntarily submit to or publish on a White House page on a third-party site may be treated as public information .
We may , for example , publish compilations of comments collected through these White House pages or provide them to national leaders , members of the press or other individuals outside of the federal government .
We exercise discretion to protect voluntarily submitted information if its disclosure would raise privacy concerns .
Except as described above , we do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose this information to persons or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
In some cases , we may share information with other federal agencies in response to lawful law enforcement requests or to protect WhiteHouse.gov from security threats .
Additionally , if you seek assistance on a matter within the jurisdiction of a federal agency , we may share your information with that agency for the limited purpose of addressing your request for assistance .
In some instances , a first-party session cookie may be set via third-party websites that feature embedded content served by WhiteHouse.gov ( see Section 1.2.1 ) .
The White House has conducted and published a Privacy Impact Assessment of Third-Party Sites , which includes more information about these issues and can be accessed here .
Below is the current list of official White House pages on third party websites .
For more information , read our blog post on these sites :
Facebook ( Privacy )
Race to the Top
White House Live application
Twitter ( Privacy )
MySpace ( Privacy )
LinkedIn : ( Privacy )
The White House Group
Digg : ( Privacy )
GitHub : ( Privacy )
Foursquare : ( Privacy )
Google+ : ( Privacy )
iHispano.com : ( Privacy )
AMightRiver.com : ( Privacy )
Quora : ( Privacy )
Aneesh Chopra ( Deactivated )
SoundCloud : ( Privacy )
Thunderclap : ( Privacy )
Tumblr : ( Privacy )
The Official White House Tumblr
YouTube ( Privacy )
Vimeo ( Privacy )
Hulu ( Privacy )
President Obama 's Weekly Address
Speeches of President Obama
Inside the White House
Music and the Arts
White House White Board
Flickr : ( Privacy )
iTunes : ( Privacy )
UStream : ( Privacy )
Pinterest : ( Privacy )
Vine : ( Privacy )
Instagram : ( Privacy )
First Lady Michelle Obama
Avue : ( Privacy )
White House Internship Program
Socrata : ( Privacy )
SlideShare : ( Privacy )
Scribd : ( Privacy )
Email subscriptions and updates
The White House maintains several lists of subscribers who have asked to receive periodic email updates .
Any recipient of a White House email may unsubscribe from future messages via a link at the bottom of each email message .
We do not sell , rent , exchange , or otherwise disclose our list subscribers to persons or organizations outside the Executive Office of the President .
Messages sent from the White House to email subscribers may include a tracking pixel to provide basic aggregate analytics such as the percentage of recipients who opened an email or clicked on a link in an email , the percentage of subscribers using various email clients , and the number of times an email was forwarded or printed .
Our email analytics providers , GovDelivery and Litmus , also offer the capability to view some data , such as whether a mass email was opened , at an individual level for 30 days after an email was sent ; as a matter of policy and practice this data is only viewed on an aggregate basis .
Children and privacy on WhiteHouse.gov
We believe in the importance of protecting the privacy of children online and do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13 .
Our site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13 .
To notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13 , please contact us through the Privacy Feedback form .
We take reasonable precautions to protect our site and information automatically collected by WhiteHouse.gov or voluntarily submitted to WhiteHouse.gov or an official White House page on a third-party site .
For example , we restrict access to information collected by or submitted to WhiteHouse.gov or official White House pages of on third-party sites to employees who access it to perform their official duties .
Access to official White House accounts on third-party sites is limited to the staff who administer those accounts , and all official White House accounts are clearly labeled .
We also utilize commonly used practices and technical controls to protect this information , along with WhiteHouse.gov itself .
These practices and controls include , but are not limited to , encrypting the transfer of personal information over the Internet via Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , using high-strength firewalls and intrusion detection systems ( IDS ) to safeguard personal information and maintaining strict technical controls and procedures to ensure the integrity of all data on WhiteHouse.gov .
We periodically review our processes and systems to verify compliance with industry best practices and ensure the highest level of security for our website .
Updates to this privacy policy
Updated : September 19 , 2013

Last updated on April 9 , 2013 .
This policy is designed to provide you with information regarding data collection and use in connection with our products and services .
If you have questions about your listing , please click here .
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Why do we collect information
We collect information in order to provide useful products and services to you and others .
We also use this data to improve the quality of those products and services .
What kinds of information do you collect
We collect information that ( i ) you provide to us or authorize us to collect as a result of using our products ( e.g . social media accounts , call and text logs , etc . ) and ( ii ) information about your use of our products and services ( e.g. , browser type , search categories , location ) .
How do you use the information you collect
We use information to ( i ) provide useful products and services , such as WhitePages.com , WhitePages PRO , LOOKUP , caller ID applications , and customer support , to our users ; ( ii ) verify public information and information obtained from other sources ; and ( iii ) help us analyze usage and effectiveness of our products and services .
With whom do you share the information you collect and why
Besides the consumer users of our products and services , we provide access to information to our business users ( e.g. , customer support centers , corporate fraud departments ) so that they may identify and verify their customers .
We provide access to information to third party partners of ours in order to provide our products and services to you .
Further , we also provide access to non-personally-identifiable information to our third party advertisers so that they can deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you ( more information about third party advertising is provided below ) .
How do I stop the collection of my information
In order to stop further collection of information by us , you will need to stop using our products and services .
How do I stop third-party advertising
See Section B.5 and B.6 below for advertising opt-out information .
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
What information is collected by third parties
Third parties may collect information during your visits to our websites and use of our mobile products and services .
Such information includes searches you perform ( e.g. , category of business , location ) and general information about you ( e.g. , browser type , mobile device type , unique user ID , mobile carrier , IP address , date and time of your visits , locality , pages viewed ) .
Certain products and services may collect specific information such as your name , phone number , IP address , etc. , but unless you provide specific details about yourself , information collected by such third parties will generally be limited to non-personally-identifiable information .
How is information collected by third parties
Third parties may collect information by using cookies , web beacons , performance-measuring phone numbers , or GPS information .
A cookie is a small file that contains a unique ID tag and stores information ( e.g. , pages visited , information voluntarily provided ) .
A web beacon is a small graphic file used to identify if a page has been viewed .
A performance measuring phone number involves collection of call-related information such as originating phone number and call duration .
GPS information may include city , state and other information when you use our products or services on a GPS-enabled mobile device .
Why do these third parties collect information
Third parties may collect information in order to ( i ) deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you both on and off our sites ; ( ii ) help us provide or analyze usage and effectiveness of our products and services ; and ( iii ) for their own business purposes ( e.g. , such as to report aggregate , non-personally identifiable information about the use of their services and technologies ) .
How will they use the information they collect ? Will they share it
Collection and use of data is subject to the privacy policies of those third party companies , such as the privacy policy of AdMarvel or Google .
Accordingly , please review those policies for specific information .
How do I stop the collection and use of my information by third parties
To stop collection of information in connection with the use of our products and services , you will need to stop using them .
To opt-out of WhitePages mobile app marketing program tracking , click here .
To stop collection of browsing information via supporting web browsers , click here .
To stop information collection for purposes of relevant online advertising , click here .
At this time , there is no industry solution to opt-out of receiving relevant mobile advertising .
To opt out of tracking on Whitepages ' mobile app marketing programs , go to our third party provider 's website by clicking here .
What about interest-based advertising
We follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising ( about the collection and use of data for interest-based advertising ) and expect third parties to comply with the disclosure and notification program specified by principles .
This means that third parties collecting and using this data are asked to provide a standard icon/link in or near their advertisements that will provide you with additional data about their privacy and advertising practices , as well as with the opportunity to directly opt-out of having your information collected .
To stop receiving interest-based advertising , click here .
What about children 's privacy
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 13 .
We do not knowingly publish information for anyone under the age of 13 .
How can I tell if this statement gets updated
Please see the date at the top of this statement for information about when it was last updated .
How do I contact you

Your privacy on the Internet is of utmost importance to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
This privacy statement describes WHO 's policy concerning the gathering and sharing of visitors ' information through the WHO web site .
It applies to all WHO sites that is , all sites within the who.int domain name .
What information does WHO collect
Normal web site usage
In general , you can browse the WHO site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself .
The only information we gather during general browsing is from standard server logs .
These include your IP ( Internet Protocol ) address , domain name , browser type , operating system , and information such as the web site that referred you to us , the files you download , the pages you visit , and the dates/times of those visits .
Collection of personally identifiable information
If you register for a newsletter , log on to certain WHO sites , order a book , request information , provide feedback , apply for a job , join a discussion group or join an electronic mailing list , you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name , postal address and e-mail address .
This information is collected only with your knowledge and permission , and is kept in various WHO databases and mailing lists .
If you are purchasing something using the web , you may be asked to provide your credit card details .
These details are transferred to a secure , online payment service , hosted outside WHO .
Credit card information is not retained by WHO .
WHO sites with specific requirements to collect personal information may publish a privacy policy specific for that site .
In these cases , the site-specific policies will be complementary to this general WHO privacy policy , but will give additional details for that particular site .
For certain WHO sites , registering or supplying personal information sets a cookie* .
By setting this cookie , WHO will remember your details the next time you visit , so you do n't have to re-enter the information .
This helps us to provide you with a better service .
Joining electronic discussion groups may mean that other participants of the discussion group ( including non-WHO employees ) will see personal information that you have volunteered .
For open discussion groups , this information will be public .
What does WHO do with the information it collects
Normal web site usage
The information gathered during general browsing of the who.int domain is used to analyse trends and usage of the WHO site and to improve the usefulness of the site .
It is not connected with any personal information .
WHO may use the personal information you provide to :
Contact you either in response to a query or suggestion , or to mail newsletters , documents , publications etc . to you ;
Manage and process your job application ;
Confirm your purchases and registrations on the site ;
Obtain payment for purchases through the site ( via credit card ) ;
Remember your online profile and preferences ;
Help you quickly find information that is relevant to you based on your interests , and help us create site content most relevant to you ;
What if I do n't want to provide personal information
Providing personal information on the WHO site is optional .
If you choose not to provide personal information , you can still browse and use the WHO site , but you will not be able to carry out certain actions such as purchase items , register for a newsletter or apply for a job .
Opting out and changing your information
At any time , you can cancel or modify your information by returning to the web page where you first provided the information and contacting the focal point for that page/WHO department .
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the WHO site to any third party .
Any information provided to WHO by users of the WHO site is held with the utmost care and security , and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy , or in any site-specific policies , or in ways to which you have explicitly consented .
WHO employs a range of technologies and security measures to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss , misuse , unauthorized access or disclosure , alteration , or destruction .
All our employees who have access to , and are associated with the processing of personal data , are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters , including personal data .
The WHO site contains links to sites external to the who.int domain .
WHO is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser .
It is normally used to assign a unique identification to your computer and securely store information such as user IDs , passwords , preferences , and online profiles .
It is stored on the hard drive of your computer .
You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings .
Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer .
To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites .
You can choose not to have cookies delivered by WHO sites by changing your browser settings .
Different web sites can send their own cookies to your computer .
To protect your privacy , your browser only allows a web site to access the cookies it has already sent you , not the cookies sent by other sites .

Date of Last Revision : March , 2012
This policy outlines the information Wikia collects , how we use that information , and how you can control how your information is shared .
This policy applies only to Wikia ( the Site or Service ) and services that are owned and operated by Wikia , Inc ( `` the Company '' ) .
Please be aware that when you follow a link to another site , this privacy policy does not apply , and Wikia has no control over what information they collect from you .
Please further note that in the event that this policy conflicts with our terms of use , the terms of use controls .
The Information We Collect , And What We Do With It
In order to sign up for a Wikia account , your chosen username , a valid email address , password , and date of birth are required .
Optional information that we request you provide may include your first name , last name , and your gender .
We may also request that you provide additional optional information such as your interests and hobbies for purposes of enhancing your profile among the Wikia community .
Any optional information you choose to provide may be made public .
We use this information to improve your experience with the Service , including the proper targeting of advertisements .
If you request the creation of a wiki at Wikia , all details submitted in regard to this may be made public .
Wikia also may send one or more cookies - a small file that lives in your web browser that helps the Service operate with full functionality ( such as keeping you logged into the service ) .
Most web browsers allow you to disable cookies , and you are welcome to continue to use the Service if you choose to do so .
However , some of the Service 's features may not function properly if cookies are disabled .
Wikia uses some of those cookies and the data tracked by some of those cookies in conjunction with various advertisers and advertising networks .
Wikia has no control over the cookies and other information collected by advertising and advertising networks which service ads on Wikia , and this policy does not apply to the information collected in regard to either of those services .
Wikia 's user data is stored in the United States , and its servers log some information whenever you access the Service ; information such as your IP address , the time of your visit , your browser type and your browser 's language setting .
If you send a communication to the Company , we may hold onto that communication so that we can respond appropriately , and so that we can incorporate your feedback to improve the Service .
You are not required to register for an account or to provide any personal information to us in order to use the Service .
Wikia collects all the information you provide when you modify the content of a page or the Service ( such as making edits , uploading images , etc . )
An indicator that you provided that information is left on the History tab associated with the edited page or appropriate special/image page ; on the Recent Changes link , in the Community box on the left side of the wiki pages , and in your user contributions .
This site works with third parties , including advertising companies and website analysis firms , who use cookies to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( `` Non-PII '' ) when you visit our Site and third party sites about your surfing activities .
This Non-PII , collected through cookies , is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you with advertisements while on third party sites tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may either visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt out , or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies .
Wikia only shares your information with others in the following circumstances :
With our subsidiaries and affiliated companies , contractors , and vendors .
We require these parties to process your information in compliance with this policy .
As required by law enforcement agencies
As we , in our sole judgment , deem necessary to investigate a breach of security
If the Company becomes involved in a merger or acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of its assets , we will provide notice to you , via an update to this policy , of any personal information to be transferred and/or subject to a different policy .
We may also share with third parties aggregated , non-personal information , such as the number of new user registrations over a specific time period or the number of users who edited a particular wiki .

WILLIAM HILL 'S PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED : April 30 , 2013
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to American Wagering , Inc. ( together , with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies , referred to as William Hill , us , our , or we ) therefore we have developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect , use , disclose , transfer and store your information .
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices so you can make an informed decision as to whether to use our Services ( as defined in our Terms of Service ) .
APPLICATION AND SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies only to William Hill .
It does not apply to the practices of companies we do not own or control , or to people that we do not employ .
Though our website may contain links to other websites we are not responsible for , nor does our privacy policy apply to , those websites operated by third parties .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Service .
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect information in order to :
Enable us to set up , operate and manage your remote wagering account so that you can make full use of our Services ;
Verify your location , age and identity when you are using your remote wagering account ;
Comply with relevant regulations regarding your registration ;
Enable us to receive questions and comments from you so we can provide technical assistance ;
Keep you informed of future events , offers and promotions .
We also collect , use , share , transfer and store information as set forth below .
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Through our website , kiosks , your wireless device utilizing the William Hill Mobile Sports App , our Ticket Writers , and the remote account wagering registration process we collect Personal and Non-Personal Information ( as defined below ) .
PERSONAL INFORMATION is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person .
When you register for or use our Services and download the William Hill Mobile Sports App , we may collect Personal Information from you , such as your name , date of birth , mailing address , email address , mobile phone number , wireless carrier , telephone number , and fax number through which you can be identified .
We may also ask you for Personal Information such as your credit or debit card number , financial account number , driver 's license number , state identification card number , Social Security number , passport number , naturalization number , and/or the beneficiary of your William Hill money bearing account ( i.e. , your William Hill remote wagering account ) , which when combined with your name is then deemed Confidential Personal Information .
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION is information about you or your activities through which you can not be personally identified .
In situations where it is possible to do so , Non-Personal Information may be linked to Personal Information .
Non-Personal Information includes :
When using our Services you may provide other information such as interests and hobbies , age , gender , relationship status , purchase information , favorite sports type and team preference , fan affiliation and wagering activity .
We call this Profile Information .
To provide our Services to you , we collect and use information related to the actual geographic location of your wireless device ; we obtain this information from your wireless carrier , certain third-party service providers , or directly from the wireless device you used to register for our Services .
Cookies and other technologies .
When you use our Services we may send and access one or more cookies ( a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier which is sent to your browser from a website or computer and stored on your hardware ) .
We use cookies to remember personal information when you use our website , online services , and applications .
We may use this information during your subsequent visits .
Please review your web browser Help file to learn how to modify your cookie settings .
Log File Information .
When you use our Services , our servers automatically gather and store certain information about your usage .
These server logs may include information such as a wireless device identification number and device identifier , web requests , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , browser language , referring / exit pages and URLs , platform type , number of clicks , domain names , search terms , ratings , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , features used in our Services , our wireless application ( s ) , alerts received , advertisements delivered , the amount of time spent on particular screens , the dates and times of your requests , and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser .
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for our own marketing purposes , including notifying you of special promotions , offers and events specifically tailored to you and your special interests via mail , email , telephone , text message , and other means .
Confidential Personal Information will not be used for our own marketing purposes without your express consent .
With your consent , we use your Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information to enable us to set up , operate , and manage your remote wagering account , and to provide to you , and maintain , all of the features ( including text invitations to private contests or tournaments , alerts to changes in the odds or close of betting session for a game , injury reports , or winning a game , a contest or a tournament , and updates to the William Hill Mobile Sports App ) and functionality of our Services .
With your consent , we also use your location information to determine whether ( i ) you are in a jurisdiction where our Services are lawful , ( ii ) your wireless device matches your account while you are in the William Hill Services approved jurisdiction , ( iii ) which of our Services alerts are relevant to you .
We reserve the right to use your anonymous location information for other purposes .
We may also use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information ( such as location and anonymous log file information ) to track and analyze your user preferences and trends to improve the quality and design of our Services and to create new features , promotions , functionality , and services .
We may further use cookies and log file information to : ( i ) remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use or visit our Services , ( ii ) provide custom and personalized content , advertisements , and information , ( iii ) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns , and ( iv ) monitor aggregate usage metrics .
We may also use a third-party data source to verify your mobile phone number is on a wireless provider we support .
If you have a supported mobile phone number and device , then we may send a text message to your phone in order to verify your custody of that handset .
If your carrier or handset is not supported , then we may store your mobile phone number and may send a one-time text message to you when our Services become available on your wireless provider or handset .
We may use your email address or mobile number from time-to-time to send you messages from us such as privacy or security related notices , notifying you of major updates to our Services , or for other customer service purposes .
WHEN WE SHARE INFORMATION
Except for Confidential Personal Information , we may share Personal Information and Non-Personal Information with our parent , subsidiaries and affiliated companies , or other businesses or persons to : ( i ) the extent necessary to permit validation of your identity , completion of a purchase or credit transaction , processing and recording of a betting transaction , or other legitimate non-marketing business purposes , ( ii ) provide certain features , ( iii ) serve relevant advertisements in support of our Services , and ( iv ) process such information on our behalf .
We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy and use appropriate confidentiality and security measures , and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information .
We may disclose aggregate , anonymous log file and usage information in reports to interested third parties to assist those parties in understanding the usage patterns and performance results of certain advertisements , content , services , promotions , or features .
For example , we may provide aggregate level reports to an advertising partner for the purpose of showing delivery and performance statistics of a specific advertising campaign .
We may release Personal Information , including Confidential Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information if required to do so by law , or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order , subpoena , or search warrant .
We may also disclose Confidential Personal Information , Personal Information , and Non-Personal Information about you if we determine , in good faith , that disclosure is reasonably necessary to : enforce our Terms of Service ; take precautions against liability ; protect users from or to investigate , prevent or take action regarding fraudulent , abusive , or unlawful uses or activities ; investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations ; assist government enforcement agencies ; protect the security or integrity of our Services ; or protect our rights , property , or personal safety or those of our users , or others .
We may share or sell your anonymous location information to third parties .
We may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company .
In this event we will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
HOW YOU CAN UPDATE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION
To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making changes .
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and to protect personal information about you , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations .
We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information that we receive on your behalf to operate our Services or that you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk .
We also can not guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards .
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps and/or post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law .
OUR COMMITMENT TO THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN AND ADULTS UNDER 21
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under 21 years of age .
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of someone under 21 years of age we will take the appropriate steps to protect this information .
Our Services are based in the United States .
You may not utilize the William Hill Mobile Sports App outside of Nevada .
If you are using any other services from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , then please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer .
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS AND AD-SERVING COMPANIES
Third-party advertisers or ad network companies may sometimes deliver ( or serve ) advertisements , that may appear on our website , directly to users .
These companies may automatically receive your IP address or other information about your wireless device or personal computer when serving advertisements .
These third parties may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and web beacons ( also known as 11 gifs ) to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements served and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows the advertiser or ad network to recognize your computer or wireless device each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of the ad and to personalize advertising content .
These companies may compile information about the sites or services visited when seeing advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked .
We do not access or have control of the cookies that these third-party advertisers or ad networks may place .
Likewise , third party advertisers and ad networks do not have access to your personal information stored with us unless you choose to share it with them .
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of tracking technologies or personal data by any such third-party advertisers or ad networks .
We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties .
IN THE EVENT OF MERGER , SALE , OR BANKRUPTCY
In the event that we are acquired by or merge with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control so that our Services can continue operations .
In the unlikely event of a bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes our current practices and may be revised from time to time without further notice to you .
Our policy indicates when it was Last Updated .
Thus , please visit our website and review this Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any changes .
Your continued use of our Services after the posting of any changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes .
HOW TO CONTACT US
Legal Department Privacy Policy Issues
6325 S. Rainbow Blvd. , Suite 100
Las Vegas , NV 89118
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
By using our Services ( including , the William Hill Mobile Sports App ) , you consent to : ( 1 ) receive text messages , ( including advertisements ) , data , emails and information sent through other data channels ; ( 2 ) pay carrier data , messaging , and other fees resulting from your usage of our Services ; and ( 3 ) the collection , use , disclosure , transfer , and storage of your Personal and Non-Personal Information ( including location information related to your wireless device ) as described in this Privacy Policy .

We are part of the Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands which includes Williams-Sonoma , Pottery Barn , pottery barn kids , PBteen , west elm , Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham .
Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us ( the phrase contact information means any information by which you can be contacted or identified , such as your name , mailing address , email address , telephone number , etc . ) .
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you , how we use such information , and the choices you have regarding our use of , and your ability to review , correct and opt out of our use of , the information .
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our websites and mobile applications .
By using any of our web sites , mobile applications , or sharing your contact information with us , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
As a part of our commitment to your privacy , Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association 's Privacy Promise to American Consumers .
We have agreed to ( 1 ) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental , sale , or exchange with other marketers ; ( 2 ) honor customers ' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers ; and ( 3 ) honor customers ' requests not to receive mail , telephone , or other solicitations from Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Collecting Information About You
There may be times ( such as when you purchase or order a product , subscribe to a service , register to receive catalogs , or to participate in contests , sweepstakes or promotions , etc . ) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself , such as your name , shipping/billing address , telephone number , email address , social media user name , credit card information , birth date , gender , occupation , personal interests , and other information .
We may also maintain a record of your product purchases .
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice .
But if you choose not to provide the information we request , you may be unable to purchase products , or access certain services , offers and content on our web sites .
In addition , we may need to contact you via phone , email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order , entry , etc. , even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us .
In general , you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself .
We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences , trends , and site usage statistics , but individual users will remain anonymous , unless you voluntarily tell us who you are .
We may also receive anonymous usage data from your mobile phone or other device you use to access our web sites or our mobile applications , including location data .
If you access any of our websites or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , facebook or twitter ) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site , we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site , in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site .
We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our stores , websites and mobile applications .
Using Information About You
We use your contact information for internal purposes only , such as :
confirming and tracking your order , subscription , or registration ;
analyzing preferences , trends , and statistics ;
informing you of our new products , services , and offers ; and
providing you with other information from and about Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you .
To the extent necessary for such purposes , we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate , complete , current , and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use .
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours .
These are known as our Select Partners .
In such cases we might rent , exchange , share and/or cross-reference information , including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you .
To serve you better , we may combine information you give us online , in our stores or through our catalogs .
We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Select Partners and others .
We use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and others with us , to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you , and for other promotional purposes .
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing , shipping , data management , promotional services , etc .
We call them our Service Providers .
We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services .
We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours .
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
We may share contact information and other data with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with any Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you , to Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands or to others .
We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it .
Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers ; Updating and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us .
If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners , or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers , please let us know .
In the U.S. , you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email .
Outside of the U.S. , you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email .
Please be sure to include your full name , email address , mailing address , and specifically what information you do not want to receive .
If you would like to update or correct your email address , mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way .
If you like , you may use either of the following statements in your message to us :
I prefer not to receive email advertisements , such as updates regarding products and services , special promotions
or upcoming events .
I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements , such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and
services , special promotions or upcoming events .
You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates .
Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to five days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request .
For international shipping orders , Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands partner with Borderfree , Inc .
( `` Borderfree '' ) .
We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy .
When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally , we work with Borderfree to complete your order .
On the checkout page , you will be required to submit credit card and contact information ( name , billing address , shipping address , email address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order .
Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify us of the approval of your order , and we will then ship approved orders to Borderfree .
Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you .
In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record .
When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered .
Once you place your order , you will be prompted to check the box to indicate if you would like to receive information from Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time .
If you check the box , Borderfree will share your information with Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands , and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
If you choose to provide Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands with your information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States .
Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands adheres to the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program .
For European Union or Swiss residents , any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands by calling us at 405.717.6139 or sending us an email .
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy .
For complaints that can not be resolved , we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles .
When you visit our web sites , we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device .
We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us .
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site .
A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session ( i.e. , close your browser ) .
A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available .
Generally , we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you .
We also use cookies to remind us of who you are , tailor our products , services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others , estimate our audience size , assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order , track your status in our promotions , contests and sweepstakes , and/or analyze your visiting patterns .
Certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf .
They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Service Providers .
However , we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services .
You may opt out of certain of these services by clicking here .
In addition , in connection with the services that they provide to us , certain of our Service Providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet .
These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you .
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether , you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it .
However , certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies .
We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us .
To guard your information delivered to us electronically , our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) .
SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only we are able to decode your information .
Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure .
As a result , while we strive to protect your contact information , to the extent permitted by law , we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites , and you do so at your own risk .
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone .
Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit .
This is to ensure that others can not access your account , especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place .
Williams-Sonoma , Inc .
Brands take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children .
Our web sites are general audience sites .
We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us .
We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 .
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online .
We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children 's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children 's access to the Internet .
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties , over which we have no control .
Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy .
You access such linked web sites at your own risk .
You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site .
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part , we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites , as applicable .
Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy .
The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent .
Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy .
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice , please give us your feedback .
In the U.S. , you can call us at 800.541.1262 or send us an email .
Outside of the U.S. , you can call us at 405.717.6139 or send us an email .
Effective Date : August 15 , 2013

Wine-Searcher 's Privacy Policy
Your security and privacy are important to us .
With Wine-Searcher 's 'Pro Version ' subscriptions , your credit card details are completely secure .
During the authorization process your number is held in an encrypted form at all times , and it is removed from our server immediately after the process is complete .
We do not store credit card numbers after payment .
We take our site users ' privacy very seriously and never pass details to third parties .
All information is held in a secure form on our server .
Email addresses collected for notifying wine availability are used solely for that purpose .
We will not sell or share our site users ' email addresses .
We never spam .
All searches on the site are recorded and we summarize that information for generating statistics ( such as our pages showing the top searches last month ) .
Within the Pro Version you can access your own recent history of contacts with wine merchants .
Price Lists and other Merchant Data
We use price data and merchant details for various additional services ; including ( but not limited to ) , calculating average prices , valuation services , `` where to buy '' links on third party websites via our wine widgets , and as data supplied to third party applications ( typically mobile phone apps ) .
We use cookies to improve usability ( e.g . to remember which currency you prefer to use ) .
If you use the Pro Version , cookies make that part of the site much easier to use .
Wine-Searcher is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.a r.l .
Associates Programme , an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.de , Amazon.fr and Amazon.it .
Also , we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies , click here .
Click for company profile
If you have any queries about our privacy conditions , please do not hesitate to ask .

To help us assess content usage and navigation patterns on the university home page and related top-level pages , University Communications and the Division of Information Technology collect and analyze overall web server data .
Individual names or usernames are not collected .
Host names and/or IP addresses are collected and only associated with individual users where required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us , to protect and defend our rights or property , or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual .
The data that is collected may be used to generate aggregate statistical reports .
University Communications may also use Google Analytics to collect site usage data and to analyze overall usage of the site .
Google Analytics uses cookies in your Web browsing software to track user sessions so that it can collect data about how users view and navigate the site .
The data collected never includes names , usernames or e-mail addresses .
Individual IP addresses are collected , but they are not associated with individual users other than as noted above .
You may prevent Google Analyics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser .
For more information on Google Analytics , please visit Google 's website .
The university homepage contains links to other independently run websites within the UW-Madison network and to some sites outside the wisc.edu domain .
The homepage is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site or your experiences with this site , contact :
Attention : Home page
711 State St. , Suite 200
Madison , WI 53703

What is the wiseGEEK Privacy Policy ?
We take our user 's privacy very seriously .
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy , please contact us .
wiseGEEK is wholly owned and operated by Conjecture Corporation .
By using wiseGEEK content , you accept our Terms and Conditions which includes this Privacy Policy .
If you do not want to be bound by wiseGEEK 's Privacy Policy , or Terms and Conditions , your only remedy is to stop using wiseGEEK 's content .
wiseGEEK takes the privacy of our visitors very seriously .
wiseGEEK does not share the information it collects , whether general or personal , in any specific way with third parties without visitor consent or as otherwise required by law .
wiseGEEK may collect ( 1 ) personal or ( 2 ) general visitor-related information :
( 1 ) Personal Information Including Email Addresses
wiseGEEK will never sell , lease or share personal information , including names and email addresses , with any third party .
Visitors will not be required to provide personal information for ordinary use of the site .
Visitors may have the opportunity to provide wiseGEEK with their personal information in response to specific services or tasks ( e.g. , signing up for wiseGEEK 's newsletter ) .
In order to receive additional services , visitors may be required to provide personal information such as names and email addresses .
( 2 ) General Information
Like many other web sites , wiseGEEK tracks general information tied to our visitors to enhance our visitors ' experiences by analyzing trends , administering the site , tracking user 's movement around the site , and gathering demographic information .
This information that is tracked , also referred to as log files , includes but is not limited to , internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser types , Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) , access times , referring web sites , exit pages , and click activity .
This information that is tracked does not identify a visitor personally ( e.g. , by name ) .
One way wiseGEEK collects this general information is through cookies , a small text file with a unique identifying string of characters .
Cookies help wiseGEEK store information about visitors ' preferences , record user-specific information about the pages users access , and customize web content based on a visitor 's browser type or other information that the visitor sends through their browser .
You can disable cookies in your web browser so that cookies are not set without your permission .
Note that disabling cookies , may limit the features and services available to you .
The cookies that wiseGEEK sets are not tied to any personal information .
More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers ' respective websites .
wiseGEEK 's Privacy Policy only applies to wiseGEEK content .
Other websites , including those that advertise on wiseGEEK , link to wiseGEEK , or that wiseGEEK links to , may have their own policies .
When you click on these ads or links , these third party advertisers or sites automatically receive your IP address .
Other technologies , like cookies , JavaScript , or web beacons , may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see .
wiseGEEK has no control over , and is not responsible for , the ways these other websites collect or use your information .
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more information on their practices as well as for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices .
Google 's DoubleClick DART Cookies
As a third party advertising vendor , Google will place a DART cookie on your computer when you visit a site using DoubleClick or Google AdSense advertising .
Google uses this cookie to serve ads specific to you and your interests .
The ads shown may be targeted based on your previous browsing history .
DART cookies only use non-personally identifiable information .
They do not track personal information about you , such as your name , email address , physical address , telephone number , social security numbers , bank account numbers or credit card numbers .
You may prevent Google from using DART cookies on your computer by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
Please note that we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time .
Users can view our latest Privacy Policy at any time by visiting : /what-is-the-wisegeek-privacy-policy.htm
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy , feel free to contact us by email , or in writing to the following address :
re : wiseGEEK Privacy Policy
Sparks , NV 89432
This page was last updated in April 2013 .

WND and the WND Superstore respect your right to privacy and treat the personal information you provide to us with the utmost care .
Unless you indicate otherwise or we state otherwise in this policy or at the time of collection , all personal information you provide to us will remain strictly between WND and yourself .
This policy is intended to explain how your personal information is collected and how it will be treated .
WND is a rapidly growing online news source .
As such , this policy will change from time to time along with our site .
WND has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , this web site has agreed to notify you of :
The organization collecting the information.TRUSTe : Click to Verify
How the information is used .
With whom the information may be shared .
What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information .
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under WND control .
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the website to resolve your concerns .
Each time a visitor comes to a WND site , our servers collect some basic technical information , including the visitor 's ISP ( e.g . AOL , Comcast , or AT & T ) , referring site ( e.g . Google , Facebook , or Yahoo ) and browser and platform type ( e.g. , a Safari browser on a Macintosh platform ) .
We also track visitors ' activity on our sites ( i.e . how traffic flows within the WND sites ) We may merge information about visitors and visits into group data , which may be shared on an
aggregate basis with our advertisers .
However , we will not disclose your individual identity or personal data to any party .
When we do present information to outside companies it will be in an aggregate fashion , that will prevent the company from identifying you or contacting you .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as needed to provide you services .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
We use cookies in a very limited manner , primarily to help deliver advertisements so that you wo n't receive the same advertisement too many times .
We use cookies to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track site navigation .
We also use cookies on our shopping site to make the ordering process more convenient for visitors .
Cookies are used with our online polls to insure accurate results by allowing only one vote per computer on the current questions .
Other sites that place advertisements on our site , or which we may provide a link referencing an article that is available to view on WND , also have the ability to assign their cookies to you .
WND does not have access or control over these third party cookies .
Cookies can not be used to identify individuals , only machines .
So these advertisers will not know who a visitor is , nor will they have any personally identifiable information about a visitor .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons )
WND employs a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons ) , that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of Web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
We do not tie information gathered by clear gifs to our customers ' personally identifiable information .
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
If you would like to opt-out of these emails , please see Choice and Opt-out .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and manner in which data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here .
We partner with a third party ad network to display advertising on our Web site .
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish not to have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads
WND News Alert feature
After signing up to receive a WND News Alert by e-mail , users will begin to receive a brief synopsis of current news events available on the WND site , delivered on a daily or weekly basis .
Additionally users may receive other announcements from WND .
We collect subscriber 's e-mail addresses in order to distribute the News Alerts and announcements and do not otherwise share them with other companies or partners .
WND respects your right to the privacy of the personal information you provide us on our site .
Unless you designate otherwise or we state otherwise in this policy or at the time information is collected , any personal information you provide will not be known to any other party except you and WND .
This policy is intended to explain how your personal information is collected and how it will be treated .
Users can choose to unsubscribe from WND News Alerts at any time by following the unsubscribe procedures found in each e-mail .
WND operates an online store , the WND Superstore .
In the course of fulfilling customer orders , we may collect and share certain personal information with third party service providers .
We will save this information as needed to keep responsible records and handle complaints .
We use third parties such as a shipping company to fulfill orders , and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services .
Your phone number is necessary only for credit card verification purposes and issues of customer service related to purchases from WND Superstore .
We do not share this information with any telemarketing firms nor are our third party service providers allowed to use your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes .
To make changes to your email address , physical address or other aspects of your WND Superstore account , login to your account and choose the My Account link at the top of the page .
To update an e-mail address on the WND News Alerts list , follow the unsubscribe procedures found on the bottom of any WND e-mail .
From time to time , WND may sponsor contests or other events that require the collection , processing and storage of individual contact and demographic information ( e.g. , email address , state of residence ) to be used for the event .
WND may also co-sponsor these events along with other companies , in which case the user 's individual contact and demographic information is likely to be shared with these other participating sponsors .
A registrant 's personal contact and demographic information will not be disclosed to third-party or non-participating organizations without the user 's prior consent , and WND will request that co-sponsors of such events uphold the privacy of the registrant 's information .
WND may from time to time conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to obtain aggregate demographic information about them .
Such information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with advertisers and other third parties , but no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific individuals .
If a user elects to use our E-mail a Friend service available on each news story and column , we ask him or her for the friend 's name and e-mail address .
WND will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site .
WND does not store this information after the e-mail has been sent .
Other disclosure of personal information
WND will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent except ( i ) as described in this Privacy Policy , ( ii ) as required by law , such as to comply with a subpoena , or similar legal process , ( iii ) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , or respond to a government request , or ( iv ) if WND is involved in a merger , acquisition , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information .
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
Unsubscribe and data removal policies
To unsubscribe from any of our email lists , please follow the procedures at the bottom of any WND email .
WND contains many links to other sites on the Web .
We can not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites .
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these linked sites , because their privacy practices may differ from ours .
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site .
Who can I ask if I have any additional questions ?
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe .
If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it .
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
If , however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection , we will notify users via e-mail prior to the changes taking effect .
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner .
However , if users have opted out of all communication with the site , or deleted/deactivated their account , then they will not be contacted , nor will their personal information be used in this new manner .
In addition , if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database , we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change .
In some case where we post a notice we will also e-mail users , who have opted to receive communications from us , notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices .
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy ,
please contact us at :
WorldNetDaily.com , Inc .
2020 Pennsylvania Ave NW , # 351
Washington , DC 20006
Privacy statement updated June 29 , 2011 .

We understand your concerns about how your information is used and shared , and we endeavor to use such information carefully and sensibly .
This page explains how the information you provide is collected and used .
What Information Do We Collect
We may collect both personally identifiable information about you and non-personally-identifiable information about your experience when you access the Wolfram|Alpha website .
The personally identifiable information we collect on our website or through our service consists of information you submit to us , including your name , email address , and other personal information that you willingly provide .
Because participation in these activities is voluntary , you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information .
In addition to information that you provide to us through forms , we receive non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with our websites , including your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type and version , geographical region , referral URLs , and other data automatically supplied by common web browsers .
What Information Do We Collect from Third-Party Sites
When you use any Wolfram|Alpha application associated with a Third-Party Site ( `` TPS '' ) , including but not limited to social networking sites such as Facebook , we may collect personally identifiable information about you from the profile you have established at the TPS .
By authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to access your TPS profile , you are authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that your privacy settings at the TPS allow Wolfram|Alpha to access through the TPS Application Programming Interface ( `` API '' ) .
The personally identifiable information Wolfram|Alpha is allowed to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the TPS .
Because the linkage between any TPS and Wolfram|Alpha is completely voluntary , and our ability to access your information at the TPS requires that linkage , you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information .
How Is Your Information Used
Information about our users is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others .
We do not sell , rent , or lease your information to third parties .
The information we obtain from Wolfram|Alpha users helps us enhance and refine our service and content .
Non-personal information collected about you through your experience and queries is used to better understand the entire population that is utilizing our website and how we might improve our services to improve the collective experience .
Except as noted below , we track and record IP addresses that access our website for internal reporting , diagnostic , and analysis purposes only .
If you choose to receive communication from Wolfram|Alpha directly or via use of any submission forms associated with the website , we may send you an email response as well as notify you of other offers or services that may be of interest .
When you send email or other communications to us , we may retain those communications to respond to you and improve our products and services .
Your IP address is used to determine , when possible , your approximate geographical location , which affects such things as your results ' default currency and units of measure , based on what country you are in .
Your browser type may be used to fine-tune the results for optimal display , for example on mobile devices or to work around limitations of a particular browser .
Referrer URLs may be used to generate usage statistics and analyze usage patterns .
Other Disclosures of Your Information
We may release personally identifying information when we believe release is necessary to comply with lawful court orders .
Any collected information associated with your use of the website ( personal and non-personal ) will be disclosed to government authorities or third parties only pursuant to a lawful request , subpoena , or other process that legally compels disclosure of that information .
We may also preserve , use , or disclose your information if necessary to enforce our Terms of Use and related agreements ; to detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , including high-volume use of the website ; to respond to support requests ; or to protect the rights , property , or safety of Wolfram|Alpha , our users , or others .
When you visit our website , we , like most websites , send one or more cookiessmall anonymous identifiersto your computer that uniquely identify you to our servers .
While we do use cookies for security and fraud investigation purposes , our primary purpose is to enhance your user experience by understanding and remembering your preferences , and by general tracking of our user trends .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies , but you can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is sent .
Please be aware that Wolfram|Alpha may not have full functionality if your browser refuses cookies .
We utilize the following types of cookies :
1 ) Strictly Necessary Cookies : These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested on our website .
2 ) Functional Cookies : These cookies support and facilitate your use of our website by enabling enhanced and personalized features .
3 ) Performance Cookies : These cookies collect information that we utilize to support the measurement of this website .
4 ) Targeting Cookies : These cookies are used by social sharing services ( such as Facebook ) , and also by various third parties to deliver messaging that may be of value or interest to you .
We do not have access to read or write such third-party cookies , nor do we directly control the manner in which they may be used .
Links to Third-Party Websites
From time to time , Wolfram|Alpha may contain links to other websites .
We do not exercise any control over these websites , and we are not responsible for their privacy practices or content .
We encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when following links from the Wolfram|Alpha website .
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Wolfram|Alpha .
Accessing Wolfram|Alpha from Third-Party Sources
Wolfram|Alpha may additionally be accessed through web widgets or gadgets that are embedded on third-party sites , such as iGoogle .
If you choose to access Wolfram|Alpha via such tools , then depending on the third-party widget technology , your personal information and queries may be passed on to the third party 's servers prior to being processed on the Wolfram|Alpha website .
We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of our website and systems .
This includes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , alteration , disclosure , or destruction of data .
Despite our efforts to protect your personal information , there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the internet may be intercepted .
Your use of the website constitutes an acceptance of such risk .
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in the future .
Any such updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their posting .
Please refer back to this page often for the latest information .
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you may email us or contact us by U.S. mail at Wolfram Alpha LLC , Attn : Legal Department , 100 Trade Center Drive , Champaign , IL 61820-7237 USA .

WordReference.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users .
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information .
WordReference.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name , address , phone number .
E-mails are only used if you register as a member of the forums .
However , WordReference.com does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet , your browser type , or the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) .
The information collected by WordReference.com is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers .
In some cases , we will also collect information on your preferred target language for translations .
This is only used for making the site easier to use and possibly ad targeting .
We use a number of third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser .
Data Collection and Opt Out
WordReference.com , as well as most sites on the Internet , use `` cookies '' to enhance your experience on the web .
WordReference.com can not use these cookies to personally identify you in any way .
If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies .
Please consult your web browser 's Help documentation for more information .
If you wish to opt out of the data collection , please refer to the link above or write us at the address below .
If you have any additional questions about WordReference.com 's dedication to consumer privacy , please write the site administrator through the `` Contact Us '' form in the WordReference language forums .

BFMG collects certain information in various ways from The Site and uses that information in various ways .
Sensitive information such as credit card numbers and account numbers are encrypted and are not intentionally shared with any other parties but BFMG will not be liable for any inadvertent disclosure .
BFMG may , however , use or provide to third parties statistics about members , traffic patterns and related information including but not limited to personally identifying information such as names , addresses , emails and the like as well as information gathered from the use of `` cookie '' or other technologies , whether from advertisements on The Site or otherwise .
However , such information will not intentionally include such credit card information or account numbers except for the limited purpose of collecting payments , communicating with credit card companies and the like but BFMG will not be liable for any inadvertent disclosure .
Such information may be used by BFMG in the aggregate or individually and may be combined with other information and may be in connection with marketing of such information or as part of a transaction related to any aspect of the business of BFMG including but not limited to sales , mergers , acquisitions , bankruptcies and the like .
You agree that BFMG may use and provide to third parties the said information that you provide except as indicated .
If you do not agree with the provisions of this paragraph , you should not provide any information to BFMG .
Partnerships , Affiliates , Advertisers and Other Links
Through BFMG you may be introduced to a variety of third-party vendors and sites .
The privacy polices of these third parties are not under BFMG 's control and may differ from BFMG 's and you should read the privacy policies of those vendors carefully .
The use of any information that you may provide to any third party , or the use of `` cookie '' technology by any third party , will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting .
In some cases these third parties may share the information that they collect about you with BFMG .
If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing on another site , BFMG recommends that you contact that site directly for more information and review their privacy policy .
BFMG is not now and never will be responsible for the actions of such third parties in any manner whatsoever , including but not limited to any violation of such privacy policies or otherwise .
BFMG may use information from or provide information to such third parties including but not limited to statistics about members , traffic patterns and related information including but not limited to personally identifying information such as names , addresses , emails and the like as well as information gathered from the use of `` cookie '' or other technologies , whether from advertisements on The Site or otherwise but will not intentionally include such credit card information or account numbers , except as set forth above but BFMG will not be liable for any inadvertent disclosure .
Such information may be used by BFMG in the aggregate or individually and may be combined with other information and may be in connection with marketing of such information or as part of a transaction related to any aspect of the business of BFMG including but not limited to sales , mergers , acquisitions , bankruptcies and the like .
You agree that BFMG may use and provide to such third parties the said information that you provide except as indicated .
If you do not agree with the provisions of this paragraph , you should not provide any information to BFMG .
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site .
These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site , other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you .
In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique `` cookie '' on your browser in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
Your Rights to Opt Out and Change or Delete Your Information
BFMG 's Rights To Change
BFMG may change this privacy statement or any aspect of it by publicly posting such changes on The Site but without any individual notice to you .
Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy statement , BFMG may release information when it believes that such release is reasonably necessary to ( 1 ) comply with law , ( 2 ) enforce or apply terms of any of agreement between you and BFMG or ( 3 ) protect the rights , property or safety of BFMG , other users , or others .
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online ( for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas ) , that information can be collected and used by BFMG and by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages .
Via email : feedback [ at ] worldcarfans.com
Black Falcon Media Group Oy

The Wowhead website is maintained by ZAM Network , LLC .
Protecting your privacy is important to us , and this statement is intended to make you aware of our commitments to you as an important visitor to our website .
This policy may change from time to time , so please check back periodically .
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies only to the collection and use of information collected online on the ZAM Network , LLC Website .
Other websites that may be affiliated with ZAM Network , LLC may have different privacy policies .
We may collect your personally identifiable information ( `` Personal Information '' ) when you visit the ZAM Network , LLC Website .
Personal Information , however , is not collected on this website unless you choose to provide it to us .
When making inquiries , ordering a product or requesting service information , participating in certain promotional activities , completing surveys , and generally corresponding with us , we may ask for certain Personal Information , including , for example , your name , mailing address , phone number and email address .
If you are on a part of our website that requires you to provide your Personal Information , it will be clear what Personal Information we are requesting .
We may also collect other information that is provided to us by your web browser .
This may include the browser you used to come to our website , the Uniform Resource Locator ( `` URL '' ) of the website that you just visited before visiting our website , which pages on our website you visit , any search terms you entered , which URL you go to next , and your Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) address .
Use of your information
Information is collected and used in various ways that will help us better serve our customers and visitors to our website , including those below .
Information collected while browsing through our website .
This information is collected to help run our site more efficiently , to gather broad demographic information , to monitor the level of activity on our site , and to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and promotion .
Product Inquiries , Placing Orders , Customer Service & Technical Support .
Information collected when you contact ZAM Network , LLC about our product and service offerings .
This information is necessary to identify your products or systems , understand the configuration of the products , diagnose your questions , and provide solutions .
Online surveys and polling .
Information collected you volunteer to complete surveys or participate in polls .
Surveying and polling is extremely important to us as we use this information to improve our product and service offerings .
When you enter a contest or other promotion , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and e-mail address to administer the program or activity , to send you promotional e-mails , notify winners and make the winners ' list publicly available in compliance with laws which may apply to such activities .
Newsletters and promotional e-mails .
As a service to our customers , we may e-mail you newsletters , promotional information and other information , using your Personal Information collected online .
These e-mails will only be sent to you if you have agreed to receive them and you have the right to opt out from further receiving them .
Contact information If you contact us , we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments , including any information therein .
We use this information to help us provide better service .
Sharing your Personal Information .
Unless we have your permission to do otherwise , we will share the Personal Information you provide online only with ZAM Network , LLC subsidiaries or affiliates or with entities that provide services to ZAM Network , LLC or are business partners of ZAM Network , LLC , and only for legitimate purposes including those described herein .
Personal Information we collect online is used for responding to inquiries , processing orders , keeping you informed about your order status , for statistical purposes , for improving our site and its performance , for developing better products and services , to serve advertisements , contests , surveys and promotions , and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you .
ZAM Network , LLC ( or part of it ) or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or their respective assets could be acquired .
Should such a combination or acquisition occur , you should expect that ZAM Network , LLC would share some or all of your Personal Information to continue serving you and other users of our website .
Occasionally , we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your Personal Information to the appropriate authorities .
We will disclose your Personal Information if required by law , upon receipt of a court order or subpoena , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation .
We reserve the right to report to law enforcement authorities any activities that we , in good faith , believe to be unlawful .
Use of cookies and web beacons .
A `` cookie '' is a small data file that a website can send to your browser , which may then be stored on your system .
We use cookies to better serve you when you return to our site .
Some of our web pages may send cookies when you visit our site , make purchases , respond to online surveys or promotions , participate in a contest , or request information .
Accepting the cookies used on our site enables our web server to identify your system by reading the cookie that has been stored on your system , but our web server can not identify you unless you enter your Personal Information .
Cookies that are placed when visiting our site can not be used to obtain your Personal Information at another site .
The information collected online permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site .
This can enable us over time to provide users with a better experience on our site by improving the content and making it easier to use .
Depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it , and you can also set your browser to turn off cookies .
However , if you do so , some areas of this site may not function properly , or you will be required to re-enter your Personal Information to use an area of this site .
We may also use web beacon technologies to better tailor the site to provide better customer service .
A web beacon is a single pixel .GIF that allows a website to count users who have visited that page or access certain cookies .
These web beacons may be placed on specific pages across this website .
When a visitor accesses these pages , an anonymous notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our vendors .
These web beacons work in conjunction with cookies .
If you do n't want to associate your anonymous cookie information with your visits to these pages , depending on the browser used , you can set your browser to turn off cookies .
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website .
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you .
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information .
If you are under the age of 18 , please make sure that you provide your Personal Information only after obtaining your parental consent .
Protecting your Personal Information
While ZAM Network , LLC does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur , ZAM Network , LLC does take care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information and in preventing unauthorized access to it .
Links to other Websites
Parts of our site contain links to our subsidiaries , affiliates and third-party websites for your convenience and information .
If you use these links , you will leave ZAM Network , LLC 's website .
When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the ZAM Network , LLC mark , please understand that we do not control the content and are not responsible for the privacy practices of that website .
We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each website you visit .
This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to our site .
These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit Personal Information .
Changes to this Statement
ZAM Network , LLC reserves the right to change this Online Privacy Statement at any time .
Any such changes will be posted in this Privacy Statement .
ZAM Network , LLC will protect your Personal Information in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Delaware .

Date of Last Revision : March , 2012
This policy outlines the information Wikia collects , how we use that information , and how you can control how your information is shared .
This policy applies only to Wikia ( the Site or Service ) and services that are owned and operated by Wikia , Inc ( `` the Company '' ) .
Please be aware that when you follow a link to another site , this privacy policy does not apply , and Wikia has no control over what information they collect from you .
Please further note that in the event that this policy conflicts with our terms of use , the terms of use controls .
The Information We Collect , And What We Do With It
In order to sign up for a Wikia account , your chosen username , a valid email address , password , and date of birth are required .
Optional information that we request you provide may include your first name , last name , and your gender .
We may also request that you provide additional optional information such as your interests and hobbies for purposes of enhancing your profile among the Wikia community .
Any optional information you choose to provide may be made public .
We use this information to improve your experience with the Service , including the proper targeting of advertisements .
If you request the creation of a wiki at Wikia , all details submitted in regard to this may be made public .
Wikia also may send one or more cookies - a small file that lives in your web browser that helps the Service operate with full functionality ( such as keeping you logged into the service ) .
Most web browsers allow you to disable cookies , and you are welcome to continue to use the Service if you choose to do so .
However , some of the Service 's features may not function properly if cookies are disabled .
Wikia uses some of those cookies and the data tracked by some of those cookies in conjunction with various advertisers and advertising networks .
Wikia has no control over the cookies and other information collected by advertising and advertising networks which service ads on Wikia , and this policy does not apply to the information collected in regard to either of those services .
Wikia 's user data is stored in the United States , and its servers log some information whenever you access the Service ; information such as your IP address , the time of your visit , your browser type and your browser 's language setting .
If you send a communication to the Company , we may hold onto that communication so that we can respond appropriately , and so that we can incorporate your feedback to improve the Service .
You are not required to register for an account or to provide any personal information to us in order to use the Service .
Wikia collects all the information you provide when you modify the content of a page or the Service ( such as making edits , uploading images , etc . )
An indicator that you provided that information is left on the History tab associated with the edited page or appropriate special/image page ; on the Recent Changes link , in the Community box on the left side of the wiki pages , and in your user contributions .
This site works with third parties , including advertising companies and website analysis firms , who use cookies to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( `` Non-PII '' ) when you visit our Site and third party sites about your surfing activities .
This Non-PII , collected through cookies , is typically used by these third party advertising networks to serve you with advertisements while on third party sites tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests .
If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may either visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt out , or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies .
Wikia only shares your information with others in the following circumstances :
With our subsidiaries and affiliated companies , contractors , and vendors .
We require these parties to process your information in compliance with this policy .
As required by law enforcement agencies
As we , in our sole judgment , deem necessary to investigate a breach of security
If the Company becomes involved in a merger or acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of its assets , we will provide notice to you , via an update to this policy , of any personal information to be transferred and/or subject to a different policy .
We may also share with third parties aggregated , non-personal information , such as the number of new user registrations over a specific time period or the number of users who edited a particular wiki .

REVISED AS OF OCTOBER 30 , 2013 About Our Privacy Statement
The Weather Underground , LLC ( `` Weather Underground '' ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy .
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information .
`` Services '' include Weather Underground 's wunderground.com website , wxquickie.com , weatherquicke.com , wundermap.com ( the `` Sites '' ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which Weather Underground provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , downloadable software applications ( including Desktop Gadget and Dashboard Widget desktop applications ) , mobile web sites , mobile downloadable applications including WunderRadio , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , SMS messaging , and delivery of Weather Underground and WunderRadio content to you at your request . )
`` Services '' also includes alert products .
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in Weather Underground 's products and services .
Information Collected by us within the Services
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , Weather Underground may collect personally identifiable information ( `` PII '' ) from you including your name , e-mail address , address , and phone number .
For example , we collect PII when you become a member , sign up your weather station or webcam or weather radio , sign up for email or text alerts , sign up for our API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , the Weather Desktop Gadget desktop application .
Other examples of when we collect personally identifiable information are when you :
Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes
Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information
Submit a photo to WunderPhoto
Report your weather conditions
Participate in an online forum or community ,
Request tweets from us , or
Customize the Services .
We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :
Specific geographic location where you are currently located
Information about your device and device capabilities
Information about your device operating system
Information about the applications on your device
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions In the case of participation in a chat session , we require that you use the handle you selected when you registered .
Please be aware that chat sessions are recorded and may be monitored .
Any information including personally identifiable information , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the information , including personally identifiable information , you choose to submit in these forums .
If you upload or rate photos in WunderPhoto or blog comments , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a handle and email address .
If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions to WunderPhoto and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content will become publicly available .
In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location .
For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state .
latitude and longitude , country , neighborhood name , beach location , or zip code .
To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services .
You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your mobile device .
If you have the WunderRadio mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the `` Settings '' menu in the application and toggling location services off .
Toggling location services off may also disable certain services in the application .
Alerts and notifications .
In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates .
To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains .
If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered .
How We Use and Share Your Information
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you .
Except as described below , Weather Underground does not rent , sell or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies .
A . Weather Underground and its Affiliates
We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services .
We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you .
If you sign up for communications from Weather Underground , they may also contain offers from third parties .
At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive special offers from Weather Underground and its affiliates .
If you choose to opt in , Weather Underground and its affiliates will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Weather Underground and its affiliates , including The Weather Channel , LLC , WSI Corporation and Weather Central , LP .
These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel .
Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services
At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors .
With your permission , Weather Underground will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile .
In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them .
You will always have the opportunity to opt- out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email .
In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services .
In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer .
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested .
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties .
You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them .
When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with a selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( `` Third Party Processors '' ) .
These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online WunderStore , that process credit card information or handle shipping for Weather Underground , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/ or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them .
We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services .
Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for Weather Underground .
We require that the third party processors securely store the personally identifiable information we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential .
Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links
Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities .
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer .
In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting .
In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities .
These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices .
The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information .
Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook and Twitter .
You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services .
By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use .
Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services .
Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy .
Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services .
Weather Underground does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information .
For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services .
As Weather Underground does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements .
E. Use by us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies
Weather Underground and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful .
These Internet technologies include :
IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet .
Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device .
Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags .
HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device .
Information that Weather Underground collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you .
Weather Underground uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services .
In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties .
For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below .
Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage .
Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage .
If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly .
Weather Underground contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies .
These Third Party Processors include Google Analytics , Paypal , and Omniture .
F. Use of Cookie , Web Beacon and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers and Analytics Companies
Weather Underground works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users .
These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads .
These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit .
This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies .
These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services .
You should be aware that The Weather Underground does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them .
For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites :
These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices .
You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out .
You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application .
G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses
Weather Underground continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company .
If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale .
If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information .
If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail , if you have provided us an email address , and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
Other Limitations on Privacy
We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Underground believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Terms and Conditions of Use ; or iv ) where otherwise required by law .
If you choose to use our service that allows you to e-mail parts of our Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e- mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements .
This information is not used for any other purpose .
Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list .
If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available .
We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose .
Opting-Out , Corrections and Cancellations
If you receive an offer or promotion from Weather Underground or a third party related to Weather Underground , you must have opted in .
To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by Weather Underground presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails .
Data Retention of Account Information
Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Weather Underground is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet .
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any personally identifiable information .
The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children .
The linked sites and services are not under the control of Weather Underground .
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children .
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services .
Weather Underground , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States .
If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen .
By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States .
Our Commitment to Security
Keeping the information you provide to Weather Underground secure is important to us .
We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data .
Of course , although Weather Underground uses standard industry practices to protect your personally identifiable information , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your personally identifiable information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Weather Underground reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone .
All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect .
In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out .
The Weather Underground , LLC
Atlanta , GA 31139
If you connect to Wunderground Data Feed , you will be able to pull and to decode weather related data from the non-public website of Weather Underground , Inc .
( `` WUI '' ) .
( the `` Site '' )
In addition , because of the special features of Wunderground Data Feed , by accessing and viewing information from Wunderground Data Feed you agree to be bound by these special terms : ( 1 ) you will not modify the data from Wunderground Data Feed in any way ; ( 2 ) you will not modify the link structure to Wunderground Data Feed ; ( 3 ) you will not modify WUI 's logo that is included in the data ; and ( 4 ) in all uses of the data , you will credit WUI by name as the source of the data .
As with all data that you access from the Site , the data that you pull from Wunderground Data Feed may only be used by you for personal , non-commercial purposes .
If you want to use that data for commercial purposes , contact us through the Site and we will supply you with rate information for commercial customers .
If you violate any of the general or specific terms applicable to Wunderground Data Feed , WUI has the right to terminate your use of the Site and the Data Feed and to take appropriate legal actions against you .
WUI reserves the right to change these general or special terms at any time by posting on the Site .
You understand and agree that your use of the Site and Wunderground Data Feed is a benefit voluntarily given by WUI and that WUI may withdraw that benefit and rescind your participation at any time for any reason in its sole discretion .
If you do not agree to these general and special terms , you can not use Wunderground Data Feed or the services and information offered therein .

World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc .
Updated January 3 , 2014
The website you have entered is owned and operated by , or on behalf of , WWE , Inc. or its affiliates ( collectively , `` WWE '' , `` we '' or `` us '' ) .
Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases .
These words and phrases are defined terms .
Their definitions are found either in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms and Conditions of Use ( `` Terms of Use '' ) .
To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use we have made some words , phrases and headings into hyperlinks .
These words , phrases and headings have color highlighting .
WWE wants to help you make the most of your visit to our websites , and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy .
Most of the features on our websites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you , however some features require you to provide your Personal Information .
For example , when you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service ( such as in the WWE Shop ) , you are required to submit Personal Information in connection with our providing various products and services to you .
You may also submit content of your own in areas of our websites and some of that User-Generated Content may contain Personal Information .
For those areas of our websites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information or allow voluntary submission of Personal Information , this Privacy Policy will offer suggestions on how to make good decisions for yourself and your family .
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect , use , share , and safeguard information from this website , and in connection with WWE Magazine subscriptions ( whether through the websites , or otherwise ) .
The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our websites or use the various products or services we offer .
This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our websites , and how to correct , change or delete information you have already provided to us .
By using this website , you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use our websites .
As used in this Privacy Policy , `` Personal Information '' means any information by which a particular natural person is reasonably identifiable .
Personal Information includes , for example a first name or initial and last name ; a home or other physical address ; a date of birth ; an email address or other online contact information ; or a telephone number .
When Personal Information is collected , you will know because you will be providing it to us ; for example , you may fill out a form on the website or submit information via your account or profile , or in connection with requesting various products or services .
When you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service , we will also collect additional Personal Information such as your credit or debit card information or information concerning any other payment mechanism we accept ( `` Payment Information '' ) .
We will use Payment Information only as described in this Privacy Policy to process and complete the transactions you have requested .
WWE is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our websites .
We encourage parents to spend time online with their children , become familiar with the features of our websites and participate in the activities offered on our websites .
For more information on getting involved in your children 's online activities , please go to our WWE Parents site .
Our protections for the privacy of children include the following :
We do not knowingly solicit , collect , use or retain any Personal Information , for any purpose whatsoever ( including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes ) , from visitors to this website who are age 12 or younger .
In addition , we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention .
We do not allow visitors who we know to be age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users , to participate in any of our chat services , to register for contests , sweepstakes , promotions , or newsletters , or to receive direct marketing from WWE or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers .
We do collect Personal Information as part of registration processes so that users can obtain certain services , such as newsletters , and so that they can set up accounts or profiles .
No person may open such accounts or profiles if he or she is age 12 or younger .
We do not knowingly allow such persons to register and our websites may employ features and procedures that are intended to help prevent under-age registrations .
If we believe that a person who is age 12 or younger has registered with us or set up a profile , account , or has otherwise violated our age-related requirements for a profile , we will terminate that registration and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to delete any Personal Information we have obtained , including all content from any profile or account .
However , in such cases we may retain a copy of the deleted content for law enforcement and regulatory purposes and to protect WWE .
We recommend that minors who are age 13 or older consult with their parents before sending any information about themselves over the internet .
Special Note to Parents
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our websites , we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services ( see Opt-Out below ) .
We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children .
Collection of Personal Information
WWE collects Personal Information from visitors to our websites in a number of ways .
These include the following :
Subscriptions to our free newsletters , which include updates , special offers and promotions from WWE 's various entities , subsidiaries , and affiliates .
Participation in contests and sweepstakes .
Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications ( e.g. , screensavers ) .
Registrations to participate in chat services ( such as WWE.com chat and Pay Per View chats ) , message boards and the gaming area .
Registrations to send electronic greeting cards .
Registrations for individual accounts or profiles .
Purchases of merchandise , magazine subscriptions , Streaming Pay Per View events , and transactions where home delivery is required .
E-mail transmitted via various links on our websites .
The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary ; however , if you do not provide the Personal Information requested , we may elect to not make the related services available for your use .
If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information , we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and , if appropriate , share it with other interested parties ( such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a website ) .
If you send us an e-mail , you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception .
So , if your communication needs to include sensitive information like your Payment Information or social security number , please contact us by postal mail or telephone ( see contact us below ) rather than e-mail .
WWE also collects Personal Information from individuals who subscribe to our magazines , whether this is done online , over the phone , by mail , etc .
We must collect certain Personal Information , such as names and addresses , to provide subscriptions .
Cookies , Locally Shared Objects , and Other Technologies
In order to track your use of our websites , `` cookies '' are employed .
We - and our affiliates and advertising partners - use two types of cookies -- so-called `` browser cookies '' and `` Flash cookies '' .
Browser cookies ( also called `` HTTP cookies '' ) are pieces of information that are sent by websites and stored in your computer 's hard drive , which provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our websites .
They also allow us and our affiliates and advertising partners to learn how visitors use our websites .
This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our websites and logging Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) addresses , browser types , general geographic origin of access to our websites and similar usage data .
Flash cookies ( also called `` Locally Shared Objects '' or `` LSOs '' ) are also used to remember settings and preferences and to track usage .
However , Flash cookies are stored differently on your hard drive and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser .
In general , Flash cookies are more persistent and can store more data that browser cookies .
Our websites may use other technologies such as pixel tags , web beacons , or other forms of local storage , including HTML5 local storage ( collectively , `` other technologies '' ) in order to collect and track information about individuals to our websites .
Information collected from these types of technologies , and from cookies and Flash cookies , is collectively referred to as `` website usage data . ''
Website usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors ' interests and to help our affiliates and advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience .
Providing website usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible .
In general , website usage data information does not identify you , although we may combine this website usage data with Personal Information under this Policy .
Our third-party advertisers also may place , access or recognize a browser or Flash cookie on your hard drive or use other technologies to collect and track information about you in order to serve the most appropriate advertisements .
Advertisers may use browser or Flash cookies and other technologies in manners that are not fully described in this policy , and we make no promises about how they use them .
If you do not want to receive browser cookies , you may be able to set your browser to reject them .
However , if you turn cookies off ( whether browser or Flash cookies ) , you may not have access to some WWE features and services .
The other technologies that our websites may not be able to be disabled ; if you are concerned about this , you should not use our websites .
Worldwide Transfers and Processing of Personal Information
All Personal Information that WWE collects at our websites is transferred to , and accessed from , jurisdictions including the United States .
By using this website and/or by submitting Personal Information to this website , you consent to having your information transferred to , and accessed from , any location worldwide , including the United States .
You also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained in any location worldwide , including the United States .
You acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that are different than the law of your home country .
How We Use Your Information
We limit the manner in which your Personal and Payment Information is used .
We will use the Personal and Payment Information you provide only in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy .
If we obtain Personal or Payment Information from a third party , such as a business partner , our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy .
We use Personal and Payment Information for purposes such as : providing you the products and services you want ; administering or enforcing transactions you have requested ; protecting your accounts from fraud , unauthorized access , or identity theft ; verifying your identity in connection with transactions you have requested ; and managing our business and protect our interests .
We also use Personal Information ( but not Payment Information ) to better understand and serve the needs of the WWE community , and to provide news and information to community members on new content , products services , and features of WWE and/or our websites including , without limitation , via direct e-mail .
If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by WWE or our advertising partners , please see Opt-Out below .
We may share Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to assist us with any of the purposes set forth above ( which , for example , might include disclosures to attorneys , accountants , auditors , credit bureaus , data processors and technical systems consultants ) to the extent necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us .
In that connection , we may report information about your account ( s ) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies .
By way of example , if you order a product or service from us or register for one of our contests , promotions , or interactive services , WWE may share Personal Information with other service providers , suppliers and other third parties ( for example , sweepstakes sponsors or delivery services ) that assist us in operating the websites or providing the products or services .
Please note that we will release your Personal or Payment Information if required to do so by law , search warrant , subpoena , court order or other legal process .
WWE may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect or prevent fraud or to protect the rights , property , health or personal safety of WWE , WWE employees , our third party licensors , customers or the public .
We may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if you or your legal representative authorizes us to so or if it is necessary to perform credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us .
WWE reserves the right to transfer any Personal or Payment Information in the event we transfer all or a portion of our business or assets , such as bankruptcy , dissolution , merger or acquisition .
If such a transfer should occur , the privacy policy of another company may supplant our policy .
However , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses Personal or Payment Information in a manner that is consistent with our policy .
Links to Third Party Websites
Our websites contain or may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites , some of which may display WWE 's logos or other WWE content .
These websites may have privacy policies ; however , all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of our websites or this Privacy Policy .
WWE is not responsible for compliance with other websites ' privacy policies or data collection practices .
You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these websites .
Third Party Ad Servers and Advertisements
Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick , or by other third party advertising companies .
Information about your visits to our websites and third party websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad , date/time at which the ads were shown , the advertisers ' cookies ( browser or Flash ) or other technologies , and the IP address of the computer you use is used to serve ads to you on our websites .
We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by our third party advertising companies .
We share website usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our purposes , and for their purposes , which include - for example - managing and targeting advertisements , measuring their effectiveness , and for market research analysis .
For these purposes , we and third-party advertising companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites .
Limitations on Use of Personal Information
We will use or retain your Personal Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy .
In general , we strive to keep personal Information only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests , support the services you have requested , process your orders , or comply with the law , although we reserve the right to keep it for a longer period of time .
Security of Personal Information
We take what we believe to be commercially reasonable physical , administrative and technical precautions to keep your Personal Information secure , including the use of Transport Layer Security technology ( formerly referred to as secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) technology ) to help protect the transmission of Payment Information and other Personal Information you provide in connection with our services as well as purchases , paid subscriptions or other similar transactions .
In general , features on our websites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving updates , special offers , promotions , marketing or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates or advertising partners by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive .
In addition , if after registering , you would no longer like to receive any such information , send an e-mail by clicking here and completing the web form .
Indicate your preference to `` unsubscribe , '' and we will remove you from our list .
Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail , so that we can remove that information from our list .
If you are a WWE Magazine subscriber and you do not want to receive updates , special offers , or promotions from WWE and third party advertising partners , please indicate this preference using the webform referenced above , and provide your name and the address at which you receive the WWE Magazine so that we can remove them from our list .
You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services .
You may be able to opt-out of some advertisers ' placement and use of cookies on your computer by visiting the NAI gateway opt-out site but not all advertisers that are used on our websites participate in the NAI opt-out program .
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site .
This site will also allow you to review some third party advertising companies ' privacy policies .
If you believe your child ( age 12 or younger ) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services , including marketing communications , we invite you to notify us via e-mail by clicking here .
We will endeavor to delete this Personal Information and/or discontinue your child 's access to the related features or services .
If you would like to know what Personal Information WWE has concerning you , send an e-mail by clicking here .
We will be in contact with you ( by mail or otherwise ) to verify your identity and provide you the information you request .
If you would like to correct , update or delete your Personal Information , including providing a new e-mail address , send an e-mail by clicking here .
Please be sure to include your old e-mail address .
However , any information that has been posted as a comment or blog , gallery , or forum entry can not be deleted by users .
WWE reserves the right to delete any User-Generated Content that it determines is no longer of relevance to the community , to free up memory or for any other reason in its discretion .
Changes in this Privacy Policy
WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here and we will change the `` Updated '' date at the top of this page .
If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed .
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail by clicking here .
You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at :
1241 East Main Street
Stamford , CT 06902
( 203 ) 352-8600
If you wish to lodge a complaint about any conduct that you believe is not consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy , please contact :
1241 East Main Street
Stamford , CT 06902
( 203 ) 352-8600
Send an e-mail by clicking here .

We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes .
If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use or access the Services .
What information is collected
We do not collect personally identifiable information except where you specifically provide us with such information .
With your consent , we may collect your full name , e-mail address , street address , telephone number , and other contact information .
We may also collect credit card information from you .
We generally collect this personal information on our registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services through our Services .
Aggregate technical information ( such as IP addresses , screen resolution , browser language , etc . ) and anonymous demographic information ( such as your postal or zip code , the web site that you came from , etc . ) is collected during your usage of the Services .
What is done with the information collected
We use personal information and other demographic or profile information you provide to us to fulfill your orders or requests , to attempt to prevent fraudulent transactions , to improve the content of our web page in order to enhance your experience , and to contact you when necessary .
Whenever possible , we use non-identifiable information ( such as IP addresses and anonymous demographic information ) rather than personal information .
Non-identifiable information is used to tailor your experiences with our Services by showing content in which we think you will be interested and displaying content according to your preferences .
We may use aggregate data for a variety of purposes , including analyzing user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in ( and use of ) the various portions and areas of our Services .
We also use the information collected to evaluate and improve our services and analyze traffic to our Services .
Personal information collected on our Services is typically stored and processed in Canada ; however , in some instances , it may be transferred , stored , and/or processed outside of Canada .
It is important for you to note that the laws on holding data in Canada ( or any other country in which we transfer , store or process your data ) may be less stringent than the laws of your country , but XE intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Policy , unless otherwise required by applicable laws .
By using our Services , you consent to the transfer of your personal information to any country in the world in accordance with the terms of this Policy .
Is information collected shared with third parties
XE may share your information with our agents , processors , or contractors in order to fulfil your purchase order .
We may also transfer information between XE affiliates and our related companies .
You should note , however , that XE is opposed to spam mail activities and does not participate in such mailings , nor do we release or authorize the use of membership data for such purposes .
We may use statistical analysis of aggregate information to inform advertisers of aggregate user demographics and behavior , as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners .
We will provide only aggregate data from these analyses to third parties .
We may share information we collect with third party service providers to manage certain aspects of the services we provide , such as maintaining our servers and processing or fulfilling orders for products and services you purchase through the Services .
We ensure that the third party service providers that we share your information with have privacy policies in place substantially similar to our own .
We may transfer your information to a third party as a result of a sale , acquisition , merger , or reorganization involving XE , its affiliates , related companies , or any of their respective assets .
We may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law , court order , or other governmental authority , or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable , such as to identify , contact , or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of XE , the Services , another user , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities ( for example , identify theft or fraud ) .
How do we advertise
Advertisements that appear in the Services are generally delivered ( or `` served '' ) directly to you by third party advertisers , and they automatically receive your IP address when this happens .
These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer or use other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
Doing this allows them to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content .
In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements were clicked .
Third party advertisers have no access to the information you have provided to XE unless you choose to provide it to them yourself directly .
We use a small number of industry-leading advertising services suppliers , each of whom has their own privacy policy in place covering the data they collect :
1.BV ! Media Privacy Policy
2.Casale Media Privacy Policy
3.Double Click Privacy Center
Do our Services use cookies
`` Cookies '' are pieces of information ( actually , alphanumeric identifiers ) generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access .
Cookies can not view or retrieve data from other cookies , nor can they capture files or data stored on your computer .
We , our partners , and our suppliers use cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Services or make a feature work better .
We also use cookies to track affiliates that refer you to our Services .
These particular cookies are saved on your computer and collect no data from you .
Generally , cookies can be disabled .
The `` help '' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether .
If you would like to use the Services , you may do so without accepting cookies .
However , you should understand that if you choose not to accept cookies , some areas of the Services may not function properly or optimally and you will not be permitted to access certain secured areas of the Services .
Do our Services use web beacons
`` Web beacons '' ( also known as `` web bugs '' ) are small images , generally a single transparent pixel , served to you as part of a web page or other document .
Web beacons may be used in parts of our Services for purposes such as site traffic reporting , unique visitor counts , advertising auditing and reporting , and personalization .
These beacons do not collect personally identifiable information , and do not transfer any personally identifiable information to third parties .
If beacons are used by any of our advertising services suppliers , that supplier 's privacy policy governs their use .
Please see the section `` How do we advertise '' above for a list of advertisers and policies .
How long is information retained
Different information is used for different purposes , and is subject to different standards and regulations .
In general , information is retained for such period of time as is felt necessary to provide you with services you request , to comply with applicable regulations or legislation , and to ensure that you have a reasonable opportunity to access the information .
Is correspondence that you send to us saved
If you send us correspondence , including e-mails and faxes , we may retain such information along with any records of your account .
We may also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence involving you , XE , our partners , and our suppliers .
We may retain these records in order to provide you with services you request , to measure and improve our customer service , and to investigate potential fraud and violation of XE 's Terms of Use .
We may , over time , delete these records .
Is information submitted in public forums confidential
The Services may offer chat rooms , forums , message boards , or news groups to our users .
IT IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER THAT ANY INFORMATION DISCLOSED IN THESE AREAS BECOMES PUBLIC INFORMATION .
Accordingly , you should exercise extreme caution when deciding to disclose your personal information and you do so at your own risk .
Is the website secure
Yes , the portions of our website ( and our other Services ) that handle sensitive confidential information are secure .
We are committed to maintaining the security of your information and have measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control .
We employ the latest and most secure techniques available for protecting our systems from intrusion by unauthorized individuals , and we are constantly upgrading our security as better methods become available .
Our data center utilizes state-of-the-art physical security measures to prevent unauthorized access to the facility .
In addition , all information is stored in a secure location behind firewalls and other sophisticated security systems with limited ( need-to-know ) administrative access .
All XE employees who have access to , or are associated with , the processing of personal information are contractually obligated to respect the confidentiality of your information and abide by the privacy standards we have established .
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable .
Therefore , although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy , we can not ( and do not ) guarantee the absolute security of personal information .
Does this Policy apply to other websites
The Services contain links to other Internet websites .
By clicking on a third party advertising banner or certain other links , you will be redirected out of the Services and to such third party websites .
We may also permit third parties to offer subscription or registration-based services promoted through our own Services .
In some instances , these other services may be co-branded or use XE 's trademarks under license ; however , others services have their own respective privacy policies .
For example , `` XE Trade '' is branded using XE 's trade marks , but it is a third party service operated by Custom House Ltd. ( not XE ) ; consequently , `` XE Trade '' is subject to Custom House Ltd. 's privacy policy , and not this Policy .
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites or services .
You should make sure that you read and understand any applicable third party privacy policies , and you should direct any questions concerns to the relevant third party administrators or webmasters prior to providing any personally identifiable information .
How can I unsubscribe
With your permission , we sometimes e-mail you in order to provide targeted marketing from our Services .
We only send such e-mails when you have specifically requested them .
All e-mails you receive from us will include specific instructions on how to unsubscribe and you may unsubscribe at any time .
Additionally , we give you the following options for removing your information from our database :
1.select the opt-out link at the bottom of any XE e-mail and follow the instructions provided ; or ,
Can personal information be updated or corrected
You may correct or update your personal information by writing to our Privacy Officer :
We value your opinion .
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy , you can e-mail or write to us at the addresses above .

Terms and Conditions on Data Protection
The additional Application Terms of Use apply when using XING Applications .
XING refers to the service provided subject to these General Terms and Conditions and/or XING AG .
The protection of your personal data is of utmost concern to XING .
In these terms and conditions on data protection XING would like to inform you about how XING treats your personal data and how you can exchange this data with other users of XING .
These terms and conditions supplement the General Terms and Conditions for using XING .
Additional Privacy Policies apply to certain XING sections :
Basic Principles of XING for handling your Personal Data
XING strictly adheres to the following basic principles in the protection of your Personal Data :
XING shall collect , process and use your Personal Data in accordance with the laws and statutes on data protection of the Federal Republic of Germany and those of the European Union .
XING shall use your Personal Data solely to provide you the XING Services on the Internet for which you have registered .
XING will never pass your Personal Data on to any third party , neither for advertising , nor for marketing or for any other purposes without your consent .
With the exception of some general information about your profession you alone decide which of the Personal Data you have made available to XING may be displayed by XING to other members of XING ( cf . Section 3 of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection ) .
Persons not registered with XING may only view your Personal Data to the extent that you enable and allow them to do so ( cf . Section 4 ) .
The following terms used in these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection shall have the following meanings :
`` Personal Data '' shall mean all data and/or information about your profession or your person .
`` XING Websites '' shall mean all websites on which XING provides the XING Services .
`` XING Members '' shall mean all registered users of XING on the XING Websites .
`` XING Services '' shall mean all registration based services provided by XING on the XING Websites .
`` Registration Data '' shall mean the Personal Data you are obliged to make available to XING in the registration process for the XING Services ( mandatory fields ) .
`` Profile '' shall mean the XING Website where the Personal Data you have made available to XING is displayed in accordance with your specifications and your consent .
What does XING know about you , what do you give XING and XING Members permission to do , and what happens with your Personal Data
In order for the XING Services to function , XING needs to collect and process certain elements of your Personal Data in the course of the registration process .
First of all , this consists of the following data :
Your password and/or your username are never visible to any XING Member at any time .
XING shall never disclose or pass your password and/or your username on to any third party .
Furthermore , you will need to fill out certain mandatory fields in the course of the registration process , such as :
First name , last name , form of address
Position ( Title )
Country , state and city of your company
The following Personal Data from these mandatory fields is accessible to other XING Members without any restrictions :
First name , last name
Position ( Title )
Country , state and city of your company
With respect to the following mandatory Personal Data , you may choose in each individual case whether the data shall be displayed to a specific other XING Member or not :
If you wish , you may provide additional information about yourself apart from the mandatory data on a voluntary basis ( hereinafter referred to as `` Voluntary Data '' ) , to allow other XING Members to get to know you better and possibly encourage them to choose you as an appropriate business contact .
At the moment , you are able to choose from the following Voluntary Data , for example : your interests , your education , companies you have previously worked for , what you have to offer to other XING Members , what you are looking for from other XING Members , etc .
You may also upload a photograph of yourself , if you wish .
The Voluntary Data you choose to provide to XING is accessible to all other XING Members , unless the data is particularly identified .
With regard to such particularly identified data you may choose in each individual case if the data shall be displayed to a specific other XING Member .
You can revoke Voluntary Data at any time by deleting the data in question from your profile .
3.3 Your Profile , Contact Management
The following sections of the Personal Data you have made available to XING is visible to all other XING Members :
First name , last name
Position ( Title )
Country , state and city of your company
All other XING Members may access your Profile and view the information displayed on the Profile , including such Voluntary Data you have specified to be made available to all other XING Members .
Certain XING Members may be able to access further of your Voluntary Data in accordance with your specifications ( chosen settings ) for the respective XING Member in each individual case .
If you send XING Members a request for personal contact , these XING Members are then saved in your Profile on a contact list .
Should a XING Member confirm your request for contact , this XING Member shall be listed as a so called `` confirmed contact '' .
Confirmed and unconfirmed contacts shall be registered separate from one another .
Other XING Members may only ever view your list of confirmed contacts .
XING has set your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' by default so that your list of confirmed contacts is displayed to all XING Members .
However , you may change this setting at any time by yourself to the effect that your list of confirmed contacts is not visible to anybody at all or only to certain of your contacts , for example to the direct contacts of your contacts ( i.e . second level contacts ) or only to third level or fourth level contacts .
The following of your personal statistics are visible to all XING Members at all times :
Number of your confirmed contacts
Number of hits on your Profile
Month and year of your membership
On your Profile you will find a so-called activity meter .
This meter indicates whether you use the XING Services regularly .
However , it does not show any details about the way or the times you use the XING Services .
The activity meter is intended as an indication for other XING Members to determine how often you use the XING Services so that the other XING Members can evaluate whether you will presumably react quickly to a request via the XING Services .
You may choose to hide the activity meter at any time in your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' so that the activity meter is not visible to other XING Members .
XING has provided a guest book on your Profile to invite other XING Members to leave a comment if they wish to do so .
Entries in the guest book are visible to all other XING Members .
XING has set your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' by default to the effect that a guest book is available and displayed to all XING Members on your Profile .
You may change this setting at any time in your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' , if you prefer not to have a guest book on your Profile .
Other XING Members may send you private messages in order to establish contact with you .
XING has set your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' by default so that all XING Members may send you private messages .
You may restrict the ability of XING Members to send you private messages at any time to the effect that either no XING Members or only selected contacts may send you private messages , for example only the direct contacts of your contacts ( i.e . second level contacts ) or only third level or fourth level contacts .
As you can see , XING gives you complete control over your own privacy at all times !
You can like , find interesting and comment on your contacts ' activity ( hereinafter referred to as `` comments '' ) .
Your comments are then visible to the network of the contact on whose activity you commented .
You can delete your comments at any time .
If you use any of XING 's paid services , XING will collect and use your billing details such as your credit card or bank details for billing and payment purposes .
To the extent required , your billing details are sent to , collected and processed by service providers such as credit card companies in order to process payments .
Your billing details are saved in order to process payments for automatic user account extensions .
Visibility of your Profile to Non-Members of XING
Under `` Privacy '' you can set the level of your privacy at any time .
This means that you decide whether to increase your level of privacy or opt in favour of more visibility online , enabling more exposure of your profile for potential business partners .
When you register , your default privacy settings rather promote the spirit of networking .
The data contained in your profile is visible to non-members of XING and traceable by search engines on the Internet .
This , however , does not include personal contact details such as e-mail addresses or phone numbers .
If you signed up to XING before 17.08.2007 the following regulation continues to apply :
Your profile is preset to be invisible to non-members of XING and not traceable by search engines on the Internet .
You can , of course , adjust these settings at any time .
However , please note that if you do release your profile to non-members or search engines , this will automatically mean that the following sections of your registration data are displayed to non-members of XING : First name , last name , professional status , position ( title ) , previous companies and positions , industry , country , state and city of your company
If your profile shall be visible to non-members of XING or traceable by search engines on the Internet , such voluntary data that you have specified in the settings under `` Privacy '' to be visible to other XING members will also automatically be visible to non-members of XING .
Finally , a maximum of four ( 4 ) of your confirmed contacts will automatically be visible , chosen at random .
You may prevent the display of these four ( 4 ) confirmed contacts at any time by changing the setting for the display of confirmed contacts under `` Privacy '' to any other setting than `` all members '' .
On the XING Websites , XING offers certain groups , forums and similar services .
Each group has one ( 1 ) or more moderator ( s ) .
The moderator decides for each group whether the group is public or whether it is only accessible to a specific group of people , as well as who has read and/or write access for each relevant group .
This information will be displayed on the XING Websites for the relevant group .
It is visible to XING Members and it may also be visible to non-members of XING , depending on the settings chosen by the moderator .
Please note : where a group is specified as `` public '' on the XING Website and in the event that the moderator has not restricted the access rights to the group , all contributions of XING Members to such a group can be read by all other XING Members , and these contributions are then also accessible to non-members of XING on the Internet without any restrictions .
You may deactivate the traceability of your contributions to a group by Internet search engines or by so-called RSS readers in your privacy settings under `` Privacy '' .
However , any contributions you posted on the group prior to deactivation will remain visible after the deactivation as well .
RSS readers are programs which trace updates of a website , providing the website technically supports the so called RSS standard .
Where Internet groups support the RSS standard , the RSS reader may track if , when and which new articles have been published .
Appointments , Activities , Event Management
On the XING Websites , XING offers you the possibility to enter your appointments , activities and events as well as similar services ( collectively hereinafter referred to as `` events '' ) .
With this function you may manage and coordinate your events with other XING Members and/or with non-members of XING , and you may also invite other XING Members and/or non-members to specific events .
Each event has one ( 1 ) or more hosts ( organizers ) .
The host decides for each event if and which information about the event is visible to other XING Members and/or for non-members of XING .
Among other things , this information may include whether the event is reserved to XING Members or whether it is a public event and as such accessible to non-members , whether the number of participants is limited , whether the guest list is visible without any restrictions or if and which restrictions should apply to the visibility of the guest list .
The above information shall be displayed on the XING Websites for the relevant event .
It is visible to XING Members , and it may also be visible to non-members , depending on the settings chosen by the host .
API and data processing on behalf of users
XING provides the XING API to selected developers and companies ( `` API Partners '' ) so that they can develop and manage applications that grant users of API Partner applications access to data and content beyond the XING platform while also allowing said users to integrate external content on the XING platform .
The aim of integrating external applications is to make XING more appealing and useful to users .
API stands for Application Programming Interface , meaning that the XING API is an interface provided by XING that allows API partners to integrate one or more applications on the XING platform provided they adhere to XING 's contractual terms .
XING Members are required to provide their consent before using any of the applications .
API Partners are required to register on XING and enter into an agreement with XING that governs both the rights and duties of both parties .
The API Partners are in particular required to give their consent in terms of accessing , saving and using personal data .
XING AG requires contractual agreements and has made technical provisions to prevent API Partners from potentially misusing personal data .
Every API Partner application that accesses the data and content of XING Members requires the prior consent of XING AG .
XING has therefore compiled a list of criteria in order to ensure that XING Member data is both safe and secure .
If an application involves personal data being processed in countries outside of the European Union ( `` third countries '' ) , XING will stipulate the privacy policy required in order to ensure that API Partners in third countries maintain an appropriate level of data protection .
If you would like to use an API Partner application , you need to grant the application access to data on XING .
Depending on the application in question , a separate declaration of consent for data processing may be required .
When API Partners process XING Member data , this is performed on behalf of the XING Member that activated the application .
XING provides its members with services allowing them to process their own data and/or that of third parties .
If you activate such a XING application or service , you are responsible for the personal data processed on your behalf .
XING provides you with features for managing and , in particular , for deleting data that XING processes on your behalf .
You have the right and option to terminate personal data processing on your behalf at any time .
As a XING Member you may invite others to join XING .
XING shall process personal data collected in the course of the invitation on behalf of the XING member solely for expanding their network , e.g . through contact suggestions , and shall not use it for any other purposes .
XING will send a reminder e-mail ( `` automatic reminder '' ) on behalf of the XING member to the recipient of the invitation 21 days after you send the invitation .
You can deactivate the automatic reminder feature in your settings .
You are also able to send out manual reminder e-mails in addition to the automatic reminder feature .
XING only saves encrypted copies of the e-mail addresses to which you send invitations .
This encryption is removed temporarily when you view these e-mail addresses in your XING account .
You can delete the data in your account at any time .
Invitation recipients have the right to revoke the use of their e-mail address for invitation purposes at any time .
Please note that the following sections of your Personal Data are displayed to the recipient of the invitation :
What does `` Clickpath '' mean
`` Clickpath '' is a function of the XING Services which registers access to XING Members ' Profiles by other XING Members or access to specific information within XING Members ' Profiles .
The information registered by Clickpath is only available to Premium Members of XING .
By using Clickpath you can see which Profiles of other XING Members you have visited .
You can also check which other XING Members have visited your Profile .
By the same token , all other Premium Members of XING can do the same , i.e . they may see whether you have visited their Profile .
This feature is an essential part of contact management on XING and as such an essential feature of the XING Services : you are not able to deactivate this feature in your privacy settings .
If you do not agree that other XING Members may see that you have visited their Profile , you should not use the XING Services .
Furthermore , Clickpath registers which XING Members have visited your XING `` About me '' page which you can set up within the framework of XING Services , and which XING Members have visited the website of one of your previous companies .
Any information registered by Clickpath is deleted by XING automatically within one ( 1 ) week after its registration .
The XING Services offer various possibilities to search for particular XING Members , including a Power Search feature and a Search Agent feature .
These various search functions may assist you , for example , in finding other XING Members with similar interests .
The search functions can also help you to initiate contact with other XING Members who offer exactly what you are looking for .
Thus , you can find the contacts you need - and systematically expand your personal network .
Newsletter , weekly status e-mails
XING regularly sends out newsletters or weekly status e-mails ( collectively hereinafter referred to as the `` newsletter ( s ) '' ) to all XING Members .
In these newsletters XING may inform you , among other things , about new features on XING , about your events in the upcoming week , and XING may also provide you with specific personal statistics from the respective past calendar week ( i.e . the number of hits on your Profile , whether you have new contacts to be confirmed and/or new private messages , etc . ) .
Finally , XING may inform you about three ( 3 ) random XING Members who have visited your Profile in the past week .
Of course , this may also apply to yourself vice versa , i.e . you may be one of those random XING Members with regard to another XING Member whose Profile you have visited in the past week .
You may choose to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by changing you notification settings on XING or by sending an e-mail to the link provided at the end of each newsletter without costs arising by virtue thereof , other than transmission costs pursuant to the basic rates .
`` Cookies '' are small files that enable us to store specific information related to you , the User , on your PC or other end device while using the XING services .
Cookies help to analyze usage frequency , the number of people who use our website , user behavior on our website , advertising effectiveness , and to increased security and tailor our service offering to your needs .
After you have logged in to the XING Services with your username and password , XING uses so-called `` session cookies '' in order to identify you during the course of your session .
Upon the termination of your session , the session cookie will be automatically deleted .
You can save session cookies on your computer to enable automatic login for subsequent sessions by activating the function : `` Login automatically on this computer '' .
Session cookies will then store parts of your login data in encrypted form .
If you select automatic login , please be aware that this will then only be possible on the same computer on which the cookie was first saved , i.e . an automatic login on two ( 2 ) different computers is not possible .
XING Services also use `` permanent cookies '' to record information about visitors to the XING Websites who repeatedly use the XING Services .
Permanent cookies are designed to help us continually improve the products and services we offer you .
Permanent cookies do not contain personal information such as your name , IP address , etc. , meaning that we do not generate profiles based on user behavior .
You can edit the settings of your browser to prevent cookies from being stored , to limit the storage of cookies to certain websites , or such that your browser informs you every time a cookie is sent .
You can also delete cookies from your PC 's hard drive at any time .
However , please note that you will not be able to take advantage of the XING Services if session cookies are deactivated .
Third-party cookies could also be stored on your PC or end device when using XING and/or XING applications which are partially or entirely provided by third parties .
You can prevent such cookies from being stored in your browser by adjusting the browser settings accordingly .
XING uses so-called pixels , Web beacons , clear GIFs and other similar mechanisms ( `` Pixels '' ) .
A pixel is an image file or link to an image file added to the Website code but not sent to your end device ( e.g . PC , smartphone , etc . ) .
Pixels are largely used for the same reasons as cookies , i.e . to analyze the number of people who use our website or , if the user 's e-mail program allows HTML , to determine whether and when an e-mail was opened .
Pixels help us to check and optimize the effectiveness of our Websites , offers and advertising campaigns .
Pixels do not provide us with personal information and do not enable us to track users .
Pixels are usually used in conjunction with cookies .
If you have deactivated the use of cookies in your browser , then the pixel will only report an anonymous website visit .
We also use pixel-based and cookie-based conversion tracking technologies in order to be able to measure the success of our advertising campaigns , for example .
To this end we use technologies provided by Google , Yahoo ! , Bing etc .
The following links contain information these providers have published with regard to cookies and opting out :
Google : How Google uses cookies
Yahoo ! /Bing : Opt out of personalized advertising
The following information also applies to users in Germany :
Our website uses the `` Scalable Centralized Measurement System '' ( `` Skalierbares zentrales Messverfahren SZM '' ) developed by INFOnline in order to enable us to gather statistical information about the use of our website .
Anonymous data is collected for this purpose .
For the purpose of recognizing computer systems , the SZM method of audience measurement either uses a cookie with the identifier ivwbox.de or a signature which is created on the basis of various data automatically relayed by your computer .
This method does not store IP addresses ; these are processed in an anonymized form only .
The audience measurement method has been developed in accordance with the data protection regulations .
The objective of audience measurement is to statistically determine the intensity of use and the number of users of a particular website .
Specific users are not identified at any stage .
Your identity always remains protected .
No advertising will be communicated to you via this system .
Websites , the operators of which are members of the Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbetrgern e.V .
( IVW German Information Association for Determining the Circulation of Advertising Media ) or which participate in the internet facts survey organised by Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V .
( AGOF German Working Group for Online Media Research ) , will have their utilization statistics published monthly by the AGOF and the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V . ( German Media Analysis Working Group ) as well as by the IVW .
Apart from publishing the recorded data , the IVW regularly reviews the SZM method to ensure that its use complies with legal and data protection regulations .
More information on the SZM method is available from the website of INFOnline GmbH , which operates the SZM method , the data protection webpage of the AGOF and the data protection webpage of the IVW .
Each time you access a website from the XING Websites , XING will save the following data in a log file ( the so called `` server log '' ) :
The time , status , and amount of the transferred data , as well as the website from which you have reached the requested page of the XING Websites ( the so-called `` referrer '' )
The product and release information from your Internet browser ( the so called `` user agent '' ) .
This log file will be stored by XING in the standardized `` combined '' log file format for the Apache web server .
XING will not store your IP address once you leave the XING Websites .
Except for legislation regarding the storage of data , Users ' IP addresses will be deleted or anonymized once they end their session on the XING Websites .
Anonymization means that IP addresses are modified in such a way that specific personal and/or factual information can not be attributed to a certain identified or identifiable person or can only be attributed by deploying a disproportionately large amount of time , effort and cost .
XING uses the data from this log file in anonymous form without reference to your person for statistical purposes .
In doing so , XING may analyze on which days and at which time the XING Websites are particularly frequented and how much data volume is created on the XING Websites .
Furthermore , by using the log file , XING can identify defects on the XING Websites , such as defective hyperlinks or program defects , and thus continually improve the quality of the XING Websites .
XING does not attribute the website demands stored in the log file to specific individual users .
However , XING reserves the right to review the log files if XING has reasonable cause to believe that the member is using XING Services and/or XING Websites in breach of contractual agreements or the applicable legislation .
In doing this , XING is protecting other XING Members , the safety of XING Members ' data , as well as XING Websites and the XING Services .
The `` Mobile Handshake '' function allows you to see if there are XING Members in your vicinity who are also using this function .
It allows other XING Members to find you if you have the `` Mobile Handshake '' function activated .
To do this , XING needs to determine your location for a short period of time .
In doing so , XING saves your position ( longitude and latitude ) and the point in time at which you used the `` Mobile Handshake '' function in its server log file .
This information is only stored while XING determines your location .
Once this process has been completed , your data will be deleted or anonymized .
Membership of XING Services is reserved for persons who have reached the legal age of 18 .
Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the protection of their children 's privacy .
Accessibility of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection
These Terms and Conditions on Data Protection are accessible from any website of the XING Websites under the link `` Data Protection '' .

This document outlines what information we collect from our users and how we use that information .
Our goal in creating this policy is to be transparent so that you can make informed decisions .
We urge you to read it , as by installing our Add-on or visiting our website , you are accepting the practices described here .
If you have questions , please visit Customer Support .
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Service .
What information does Xmarks receive
Through your use of Xmarks , we receive the following types of information :
Information you give us : When you create a web account with us , we receive and store information from you , such as your username , password , and email address ( your `` Registration Information '' ) .
We also receive and store any information that you post or disclose on our website , or in any email that you send to us .
Information generated when you visit our website : Each time you visit our website , we receive and store information associated with that visit , such as the date and time of the visit , your computer 's IP address , which pages on our site you view , which browser you are using , any cookies associated with our site , etc .
Information generated by the Xmarks Add-on : If you use an Xmarks Add-on , it will contact our servers periodically or in response to certain actions you take in your browser .
Each of those contacts generates the same kind of information generated when you visit our website , as described above .
Additionally , the Add-on will transmit whatever data is necessary to provide particular features of the Add-on and to monitor their use .
For example , to synchronize your bookmarks , the Add-on transmits your bookmarks to our servers .
To provide the Smarter Search feature , the Add-on transmits the search query you entered and any search results you receive .
We use cookies in a variety of ways to improve your experience using our site ( for example by keeping you logged in as you browse our site ) and to analyze in aggregate usage of our site .
Additionally , our advertising partners may use cookies to analyze your behavior across websites to facilitate the display of ads that are more relevant to you and your interests .
How does Xmarks use the information it receives
We use the information we receive from our users to provide our users with various services and otherwise operate our business as follows :
Registration Information : We use your Registration Information ( as defined above ) , to ensure that only authorized people can access your account .
The Xmarks Add-on uses your Registration Information to log you in automatically to synchronize your bookmarks and passwords .
We also use your Registration Information to confirm your identity when you log in manually to our website .
We may use your Registration Information to contact you to provide technical support , or , unless you opt out , to contact you regarding Xmarks services or products .
Synchronized Passwords : If you use the Xmarks Add-on to synchronize your passwords , we keep an encrypted copy of your passwords on our servers .
Because your passwords are encrypted with a PIN that you choose and we never see , we can not view your passwords .
We will never decrypt your passwords other than to provide synchronization services on a computer you are using , and we keep your encrypted passwords on our servers only to allow you to synchronize those passwords .
Synchronized Bookmarks : If you use the Xmarks Add-on to synchronize your bookmarks , we keep a copy of your bookmarks on our servers .
We use this data to provide you with backup and synchronization services .
Unless you opt out , we anonymize , aggregate , and analyze the bookmarks of our users in order to provide a range of Search and Discovery services like Smarter Search , Suggested Tags , and Top Sites .
Usage Data : When you use our website or various features in the Xmarks Add-on , we collect usage data which we analyze in aggregate to learn how our site and features are being used so we can tune and improve them .
On occasion , we may examine usage data from an individual user as required to solve technical problems .
Other Data : We use other data that the Xmarks Add-on sends us to provide specific in-browser features .
For example , in Firefox when you open the bookmark dialog , we use the web address that the Add-on sends to provide you with a list of Suggested Tags .
Does Xmarks share the information it receives
As a normal part of our business , we share information only in the ways described below :
Registration Information : We will never lease , rent , or sell your email address .
If you contribute User Content ( as described in the Terms of Service ) to a public area of our website , we may share your chosen username as the author of that content .
Synchronized Passwords : We will never share your synchronized passwords .
Synchronized Bookmarks : We may share information about our users ' bookmarks in anonymous , aggregate form only with our users , subsidiaries , and affiliates .
In doing so , we protect your privacy in two ways .
First , we share only anonymous , aggregate data .
For example , we may share a list of the most commonly bookmarked pages in the Wikipedia , or the sites most frequently bookmarked within a `` News '' folder .
Such data is never released in a form that can be associated with individual users .
Second , we only share data about bookmarks that are held by a substantial number of users .
Finally , you may explicitly opt to share all or portions of your bookmarks with other users ; you can do so by visiting my.xmarks.com and selecting `` Share . ''
Usage data : We may share aggregate usage data with affiliates , business partners , advertisers , etc .
Additionally , the following describe extraordinary circumstances in which we may also share information :
Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell part or all of our business or buy other businesses .
In such transactions , user information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy ( unless , of course , the user consents otherwise ) .
In the event that Xmarks , Inc. or substantially all of its assets is involved in an acquisition or merger , user information will be one of the transferred assets .
Protection of Xmarks and Others : We may release registration and other information when we believe such release is appropriate to comply with the law or regulation or upon the request of law enforcement or government officials , enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements , or protect the rights , property , or safety of Xmarks , our users , or others .
However , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from users for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy .
Third-Party Service Providers : We may employ or allow other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf , such as operating user support forums or providing customer service .
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes .
What choices do I have
If you do n't want us to receive the data associated with a feature in the Xmarks Add-on , you may disable that feature from the Settings dialog within the Add-on or uninstall the Add-on entirely .
For example , if you do not want us to receive queries that you conduct , disable our Search and Discovery features .
If you want to synchronize your bookmarks but do n't want us to aggregate your bookmark data , you may opt out of aggregation by disabling it in your web account .
If you do not want to receive email from us about product upgrades and other offers , you may opt out of such email contact by disabling it in your web account .
If you do n't want us to receive data generated by visiting our website , do n't visit our website .
You may delete your web account , which will delete from our servers any synchronized bookmarks and passwords stored there , as well as your Registration Information .
You may use features in your browser to disable cookies or third-party cookies .
Firefox users who wish only to synchronize their bookmarks and passwords may download and install Xmarks BYOS Edition .
This Add-on provides synchronization features similar to the standard edition , but requires that you supply your own server .
By doing so , you minimize communication with us .
What information can I access
After you have created a web account , you may log in to view and change information about your account .
Any new information you provide replaces the old information immediately .
How secure is information about me
Xmarks takes the security of your information seriously and we 've expended significant effort implementing industry best practices to help secure your data .
We ask that you work with us to ensure that no one obtains unauthorized access to any user information .
Please remember that you play a valuable part in security .
Your password to access our site , which you select at registration , should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently .
If you choose to synchronize your passwords using the Service , you must provide a PIN which is used to encrypt your passwords on our server .
By design , this PIN never leaves your computer and you must enter it on each computer you wish to synchronize .
You should treat your PIN with utmost care , never sharing it with anyone .
After you have finished using our site , you should log off and exit your browser so no unauthorized persons can use our site with your name and account information .
If you have installed the Xmarks Add-on on your computer , you should uninstall it before you sell or otherwise transfer your computer to another person .
Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us , `` perfect security '' does not exist on the Internet .
We can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you transmit such information at your own risk .
In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , we will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy , or as otherwise required by applicable law .
Terms of Service , Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to visit Xmarks.com or use the Xmarks Add-ons , your visit or use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service .
Please read this policy carefully and feel free to contact Customer Support if you have any questions or comments regarding its contents .
We may change this policy at any time to correct technical or typographical errors , to increase your rights and protections or to comply with laws .
If we change this policy in a way that reduces your rights or protections or adds new types of disclosures , we will provide notification of such changes .
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page .

We are committed to protecting your privacy at XScores.com .
We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer , and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site .
We do not sell , share , or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement .
Like many other Web sites , XScores.com uses cookies to identify visitors .
Cookies also help us improve your experience and display more prominently goods and services that might interest you .
If you do not have cookies enabled , you may experience problems in accessing all features and information presented at our Web site .
XScores.com may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors , traffic patterns , and related site information .
This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of customer visits to our Web site each month but does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual visitor/member , unless that member has given us permission to share that information .
We may also provide log files and other databases of user information to third parties for analysis , so we can get a better understanding of traffic through our site and thus improve our content offerings .
XScores.com also may use third party companies to provide delivery of e-mail newsletters and other messages over e-mail .
XScores.com uses a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our sites .
This company may use information about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you .
In addition , we share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with this company for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements on our sites .
We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose both in your browsing and your purchases and to only release this information to third parties we believe share our commitment to privacy .
However , we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties .
Our Web site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , email , postal address , etc ) .
Contact information from the registration forms is used only to get in touch with the member when necessary .
It is in the members ' best interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the member 's right to his or her account and/or services ' subscription .
By using our Web site , you give XScores.com permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics .
If you register at XScores.com for any of our subscription services , you authorize XScores.com to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data .
XScores.com may occasionally amend this policy .
We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has changed from time to time .
If you wish to change any information you have given us , or have any questions on our Privacy Policy , please do not hesitate to Contact Us

Last modified : January 15 , 2013
This privacy policy ( hereafter referred to as the `` Privacy Policy '' ) is applicable to Our websites and to all games and other activities that are offered by Us on or through Our websites .
( Our websites , all the web pages that are part of the websites , and such games and activities are hereafter collectively referred to as the `` Websites . '' )
Web Entertainment Limited ( hereafter referred to as `` WEL '' or any second-person pronoun ) , is the responsible party as referred to in the Hong Kong Personal Data Protection Act .
WEL may use affiliates ' or reputable third parties ' services for the processing of personal data collected on or through the Websites .
By using or accessing Our Websites , You are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy .
Y8 is committed to providing an entertaining , fun and educational service .
Y8.com is a property of WEL .
WEL respects the privacy concerns of visitors to Y8 network websites .
It does not target its Website or services to under 13 year olds , but does take measures to help protect those that happen to be under 13 .
We take measures to help children protect their privacy while being online .
For example , We do not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity .
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We may log IP addresses and/or drop cookies and/or flash cookies to prevent abuse of Our website and or to provide and or to enhance services .
Email addresses of persons under 13 years of age are not stored .
They are encrypted into an unrecoverable format using a one way hash .
Of those users who choose to register , You provide Us with Your date of birth , username , password and email address .
Y8 Network website does not require persons under 13 years of age to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity as a condition of participation .
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE ABOUT YOU
The information that We receive about You concerns
Data in relation to the use of the Website and Our services , such as high scores , game rankings game challenges , avatars , etc . ;
Keyword popularity reports regionally Website migration patterns ;
Technical information , including :
Your IP address ;
the Operating system You use ;
if You are logged in to id.net , Your User ID .
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We do not retain any information You provide to Us beyond the time it is needed .
We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with Our terms .
Persons over 13 years of age authorize Us to send them email notifications related to Y8.com products and services including the Y8 Newsletter .
Y8 Network may disclose information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Y8 network 's property , visitors , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities .
We may sometimes use non-personal information that We receive about You to improve the design and content of Our website , to personalize Our visitors ' experience or to offer products , programs and services .
We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyze website usage , as well as to offer products , programs , or services .
INFORMATION WE SHARE , THIRD PARTY AND SPONSORS
We do not disclose personally identifiable information of users under 13 years of age to third parties .
We use Google AdSense to serve ads when You visit Our website .
WEL may use share information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about Your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this website and other websites about goods and services that may be of interest to You .
Third parties and/or WEL may be placing and reading standard and or flash cookies on Your browser and machine , or using web beacons to collect receive information about Your use of on the website , and in the course of ads being served .
We will share Your information with Our business partners or clients , with Your consent , so that they may improve their services .
Third parties such as advertisers , games companies and or developers may ask for information from You which would be governed by the privacy policy of those other companies in which case they should provide adequate disclosure of their privacy policies to You .
We may use Your information to improve Our services and or to help serve advertising to You .
You may manage or opt out of your flash cookies here You may manage or opt out of Your standard cookies via Your web browser and if You would like more information about this practice and to know Your options in order to prevent these companies from using this information , please click here .
We have implemented appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security , and correctly use the information We receive from You .
THIRD PARTY LOGIN SYSTEM ID.NET
We offer You the opportunity to login to Our Website through the use of Your id.net identity linked to Our Website .
Id.net is a login system that allows You to create an id.net account that gathers a set of id.net identities .
The purpose of having id.net identities is so that You can determine under which one You want to access third party websites and what information You want to share .
In addition , You can review which information You share with third party websites .
Only Your information about Your id.net identity linked to Our Website , such as Your nickname , email , date of birth , country and gender from Your id.net account will be sent to Us when You use it to register or login .
We do not have access or receive any information about Your id.net account without Your consent .
For Members who are already registered and have an Account on Our Website , You agree and consent to the migration of Your account to an id.net account and id.net identity linked to Our Website .
Parents , if you would like to review your child 's personal information , ask to have it deleted , and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child 's information then please send a letter to Our Privacy Manager at Web Entertainment Limited , Room 409 Yu To Sang Building , 37 Queen 's Road Central Hong Kong SAR .
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where We can reach you .
To protect your child 's privacy and security , We will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that We collect and maintain about your child .
Changes to the privacy policy
We may change from time to time the terms of Our Privacy Policy .
The mention of the terms `` Last modified '' followed by a date shall indicate You of this occurrence .

Yale University is committed to protecting your privacy .
Any information you voluntarily provide to us through a Yale University website such as email address , name , or phone number will never be sold or traded to other colleges , universities , nonprofit organizations , or businesses .
Yale University might use this information to inform you of changes to that website or to provide you other news and information about that site that we believe would be of interest to you .
At your request , Yale University will remove any contact information you provided from its files .
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously , Yale University , similar to most institutions and organizations on the Internet , tracks web browsing patterns to inform understanding of how our sites are being used .
Generic information is collected through the use of `` cookies , '' which are text files placed on your computer , to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution .
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser , however , doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites .
The generic information we collect is based on IP address , which is the location of a computer or network , and is not linked to your specific email address in any of the reports or other material compiled by Yale University .
Yale University will not associate your IP address and web usage data with any other information held by Yale University that can specifically identify you unless required to do so by law .
Some sections of Yale University owned websites use Google Analytics , a web analytics service provided by Google , Inc .
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites .
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address .
This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers .
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website , compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage .
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law , or where such third parties process the information on Google 's behalf .
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google .
By using this website , you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above .
Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics terms of use and Google 's privacy practices .
Information you provide to us
To communicate effectively with visitors to our website , we may ask you for personally-identifiable information that can include , by way of illustration , name , email address or phone number .
Yale University will never sell or trade personally-identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us such as name , email address or phone number , to other colleges , universities , nonprofit organizations , or businesses unless one or more of the following conditions apply :
We have your consent to share the information .
We are sharing such information in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal processes
Some Yale University websites may contain links to external websites not owned by , or officially affiliated with , Yale University in any way .
Yale University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites .
Changes to this policy
When we make changes to this policy , the changes will be highlighted on the top of this page for one month before going into effect .
The highlights will then remain on top of the page for three months to keep you informed of the change .
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website , you can contact :
Office of Digital Dissemination

Last Updated : May 7 , 2006
Yardbarker is a social media network for sports fans .
The site lets people discover relevant sports content submitted by other community members .
To accomplish this , our users create their own profiles , which display some personal information to other members and visitors .
This allows our users to identify each other and expand their personal network of contacts .
Yardbarker members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them .
Yardbarker cares deeply about online privacy .
Information Collection and Use by Yardbarker
Yardbarker collects user submitted information such as name , email address , and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Yardbarker service .
Yardbarker also collects other profile data including but not limited to : personal interests , gender , age , and geographical location in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other .
Yardbarker also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address , profile information , aggregate user data , cookie information , and browser type , from users and visitors to the site .
This data is used to manage the website , track usage and improve the website services .
This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members .
User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes
User Profile information including members ' pictures , user names , and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Yardbarker social networking community .
Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Yardbarker , to add users to members ' contacts networks , and to send notifications related to the service .
With the exception of inviting friends , adding friends , and notifications , a user 's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user 's personal network .
Users within a personal network communicate on Yardbarker with each other through the Yardbarker service , without disclosing their email addresses .
Users ' full names are never directly revealed to other members .
We may also use a user 's email address to send updates , a newsletter , or news regarding the service , though users may choose not to receive email of this type .
From time to time , Yardbarker or a partner , may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on Yardbarker .
Users may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate .
We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from .
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply .
Invitations and Other Communications to Non-members
Yardbarker members can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system .
Yardbarker stores the email addresses that members provide so that the respondents may be added to the friend 's list of the member sending the invitations , and also to send reminders of the invitations .
Yardbarker does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations , invitation reminders ( up to three ( 3 ) per email address ) .
Recipients of invitations from Yardbarker may contact Yardbarker to request the removal of their information from our database .
Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block .
Yardbarker uses cookies to store visitors ' preferences and to record session information , for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same promotions and advertisements , and to customize newsletter , advertising , and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information .
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site .
You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different , so check the `` Help '' menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however , you must enable cookies from Yardbarker in order to use most functions on the site .
Yardbarker contains links to sites .
Yardbarker is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites .
When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site .
Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Yardbarker .
Chat Rooms , Message Boards , and Public Forums
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals , WebLogs , Message Boards , Classifieds or any other Public Forum that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications .
Correcting/Updating or Removing Information
Yardbarker users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info .
Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by Yardbarker or one of our Web advertising partners .
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies .
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement .
In this way , ad servers may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on .
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you .
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Yardbarker and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers .
Yardbarker member accounts are secured by member-created passwords .
Yardbarker takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private .
We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database , and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions , such as our customer service personnel and technical staff .
Please note that we can not guarantee the security of member account information .
Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time .
Sharing and Disclosure of Information Yardbarker Collects
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Yardbarker will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary : ( 1 ) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena , search warrant or other legal process received by Yardbarker , whether or not a response is required by applicable law ; ( 2 ) to enforce the Yardbarker Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights ; or ( 3 ) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service .
For more information see the `` Changes in Our Privacy Policy '' section below .
In the Event of Merger , Sale , or Bankruptcy
In the event that Yardbarker is acquired by or merged with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control .
In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used .
Special Note to International Users
Yardbarker is hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States .
If you are a User accessing Yardbarker from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure , that differ from United States laws , please be advised that through your continued use of Yardbarker , which are governed by U.S. law , this Privacy Notice , and our Terms of Use , you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer .
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes , we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and when we may disclose it .
A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If , however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days .
Contacting the Web Site

Last Updated on September 10 , 2013 .
This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for users registering accounts after that date and will become effective on October 12 , 2013 for pre-existing users .
To review the previous policy , please click here .
This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection , use , and disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our websites , emails , and mobile applications ( `` Site '' ) .
The terms `` we '' , `` us '' , and `` Yelp '' refer to Yelp Inc. , a Delaware corporation .
When you use the Site , you consent to our collection , use , and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy .
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Controlling Your Personal Data
Data Retention and Account Termination
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may store the information you submit to or through the Site , as well as information we collect in connection with your use of the Site .
We use the information to fulfill your requests , provide the Site 's functionality , improve the Site 's quality , personalize your experience , track usage of the Site , provide feedback to businesses that are listed on the Site , display relevant advertising , provide customer support , message you , back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery , enhance the security of the Site , and comply with legal obligations .
Among the information we collect , please note :
Account Information : If you create an account on Yelp , we may store and use your full name , email address , zip code and other information you may provide with your account , such as your gender and birth date .
Your first name and last initial , as well as any photo you submit through the registration process , will be publicly displayed as part of your account profile .
You can modify some of the information associated with your account here .
If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness , you can request its removal here .
Public Content : The information that you post to the Site is intended for public consumption , including your reviews , tips , photos , check-ins , comments , likes , Talk posts , bookmarks , friends , lists , compliments , and account profile .
We may display this information on the Site , share it with businesses , and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services .
Contacts : You can invite your friends to join the Site by providing their contact information , or by allowing us to use your address book from your computer , mobile device , or other sites .
If you invite a friend to join and connect with you on the Site , we may transmit your friend 's contact information to Yelp long enough to process your requests .
Communications : When you sign up for an account , you are opting in to receive emails from other Yelp users , businesses , and Yelp itself .
You can manage your email preferences here , but note that you can not opt out of receiving certain administrative or legal notices from Yelp .
If you exchange messages with others through the Site , we may store them in order to process and deliver them , allow you to manage them , and investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site .
If you send information from the Site to your phone via SMS text message , we may log your phone number , phone carrier , and the date and time that the message was processed .
Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive .
Transactional Information : If you make reservations or purchases through the Site , we may collect and store certain information about you to process your requests and populate forms for future transactions , such as your phone number , address , email , and credit card information .
This information may be shared with third parties who help process and fulfill your requests .
When you submit credit card numbers , we encrypt that information using industry standard technology .
If you write reviews about businesses with which you transact through the Site , we may publicly display the fact that you transacted with those businesses .
Site Activity : We may store information about your use of the Site , such as your search activity , the pages you view , the date and time of your visit , and the businesses you call using our mobile applications .
We also may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Site , such as your browser type , type of computer or mobile device , browser language , IP address , mobile carrier , unique device identifier , location , and requested and referring URLs .
We , and third parties with whom we partner , may use cookies , web beacons , local shared objects ( sometimes called `` flash cookies '' ) , and similar technology in connection with your use of the Site and third party websites ( `` Cookies '' ) .
Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers , and reside , among other places , on your computer or mobile device , in emails we send to you , and on our web pages .
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Site , such as your browser type , search preferences , data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on , and the date and time of your use .
Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session .
Types of Cookies used on the Site include :
Category of Use Explanation
Processes Intended to make the Site work in the way you expect it to .
For example , we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account .
Authentication , Security , and Compliance Intended to prevent fraud , protect your data from unauthorized parties , and comply with legal requirements .
For example , we use Cookies to determine if you are logged in .
Preferences Intended to remember information about how you prefer the site to behave and look .
For example , we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have declined to allow us to use your phone 's geolocation data .
Notifications Intended to allow notice of information or options that we think could improve your use of the site .
For example , we use a Cookie that allows us to stop showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it .
Advertising Intended to make advertising more relevant to users and more valuable to advertisers .
For example , we use a Cookie that tells us if you have recently clicked on an ad .
Analytics Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Site .
For example , we use a Cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interaction with the search page .
It may be possible to disable some ( but not all ) Cookies through your device or browser settings , but doing so may affect your ability to use the Site .
The method for disabling cookies may vary by device and browser , but can usually be found in preferences or security settings .
We may share information about you with third parties as follows :
Advertisers : We may allow third parties to use Cookies on the Site to collect the same type of information for the same purposes as Yelp does for itself .
They may be able to associate the information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources .
We do not necessarily have access to or control over the Cookies they use , but you may be able to opt-out of some of their practices by visiting the following links : Network Advertising Initiative , Omniture , Aperture , Digital Advertising Alliance and PrivacyChoice .
Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of advertisements to you .
Service Providers : Some of the services that are offered through the Site , such as dinner reservations and food delivery , may be provided by third-party providers .
We also outsource some of Yelp 's functions to third-party providers , such as technical and customer support , tracking and reporting functions , quality assurance testing , payment processing functions , and other services .
We may share information from or about you with these third-party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests .
Aggregate Information : We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties , such as advertisers and content distributors .
For example , we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to , or clicked on , advertisements .
Business Transfers : We may share information from or about you with subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy .
If another company acquires Yelp or all or substantially all of our assets , that company will possess the same information , and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy .
Businesses on Yelp : We may share information from or about you ( such as your age and gender ) and your use of the Site ( such as which businesses you bookmark or call ) with businesses on Yelp .
You may adjust your settings to increase or decrease the amount of information we share .
You can view these settings and find more details about what information may be shared here .
Investigations : We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure is ( a ) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders , such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , judicial proceeding , or other legal process served on us ; ( b ) helpful to prevent , investigate , or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site ; or ( c ) protect our rights , reputation , property , or that of our users , affiliates , or the public .
Links : The Site may contain links to unaffiliated third party websites .
Except as set forth herein , we do not share your personal information with them , and are not responsible for their privacy practices .
We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites .
Facebook and Twitter : If you are logged into Facebook , and you access but are not logged into the Site , we may receive information from Facebook to make it easier for you to create an account on the Site and show you relevant content from your Facebook friends .
This information personalizes your experience and helps you create a Yelp account .
To learn more about this feature and how to block aspects of it , please click here and here .
You can also connect your Yelp account to your accounts on third party services like Facebook or Twitter , in which case we may collect and store information identifying your account with the third party service .
We use the information to help you connect and share public content with your friends and followers .
You can manage these settings here .
Controlling Your Personal Data
Other users may be able to identify you , or associate you with your account if you include personal information in the content you post publicly .
You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Site pseudonymously , though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Site .
Users can also use the Member Search feature to find one another based on their names or email addresses .
You can opt-out of this feature here .
Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the Site are only private to the extent that both you and the sender/recipient keep them private .
For example , we do not have any control over whether a recipient of one of your messages publicly posts it or its contents .
Similarly , Yelp may also access such messages in the course of investigations relating to Site use .
Data Retention and Account Termination
You can close your account by clicking here .
We will remove your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile , but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law .
For example , we may retain information to prevent , investigate , or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations .
Please note that businesses can not remove their business listings , ratings or reviews by closing their accounts .
The Site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13 .
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 .
If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent , please contact us here .
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent , we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child 's account .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
However , no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure .
Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security .
If you believe that Yelp has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may contact us online by clicking here or write to us at the following address :
Attn : Privacy Officer
140 New Montgomery 9th Floor
San Francisco , California 94105
United States of America
We have been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements , including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions .
TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal covers the U.S. version of the website only .
Please direct your privacy questions here .
The information we obtain from or about you may be processed and stored in the United States , which may provide for different data protection rules than the country in which you reside .
We comply with the EU & Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Frameworks as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland .
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
We will respond to requests relating to personal data within 30 days .
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time .
The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you and will be located here .
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes .
By continuing to access or use the Site after those changes become effective , you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy .

Yola , Inc .
Last updated January 1 , 2013
Yola is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program .
TRUSTe is an independent , organization whose mission is to build user 's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices .
Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe .
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should contact TRUSTe .
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns .
Please note that this Policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible in any manner for , any information you provide to third parties in connection with web sites hosted by Yola ( `` User Sites '' ) or how the third parties who operate such User Sites may use the personal information you provide to them .
Such information is subject to the privacy practices of such User Site , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to them .
Registration forms contain both mandatory fields ( as indicated ) and non-mandatory fields ; if you choose not to complete the mandatory fields then Yola may not be able to respond to your request or activate your option choices .
By using the Yola Toolset and/or the Yola Web Site , you consent to any transfer of personal information , collected by Yola , outside your country for the purposes of storing the information where Yola and/or its agents maintain their facilities .
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time .
If we make any material changes to the way we use your personally identifiable information , we will notify you here , post a new policy on our Site and update the last updated date set forth above , or by email .
Therefore , we encourage you to check our Policy whenever you use the service to see if it has been updated since your last visit .
Your use of the Site after the revised Policy has been posted will constitute your consent to such revised Policy .
This will not prevent Yola from using your personal information for the administration or operation of the Site or other nonmarketing purposes described in this Policy .
Our Postal Address is :
201 Mission St , Suite 2250 , San Francisco , CA 94105
We collect two basic types of information with our service , namely personal information and aggregate information .
As used herein , the term personal information means information that specifically identifies an individual ( such as a name and e-mail address ) , and demographic and other information about an individual when directly linked to personally identifiable information .
A user name may be personal information if it includes personally identifying information such as a first and last name .
Our definition of personal information does not include aggregate information .
Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed .
In other words , information on how you use our service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the service , but no personal information will be included in the resulting data .
Aggregate data helps us understand trends in our users ' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our service .
This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information , and we may share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes , including to help us better understand and improve our service , and for advertising and marketing purposes .
Updating/Accessing/Amending Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may update your profile or delete it by clicking on the Profile link after you log in and then clicking the Delete Account link at the bottom of the page .
Google Apps users : Deleting the Yola app from your Google Apps Control Panel DOES NOT delete your Yola account .
To delete your Yola account , please follow the instructions provided above .
Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site .
We may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information .
For example , we may collect your name , address , email address , user name and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account or contact us by e-mail or other means for any reason .
We may also collect payment information if applicable .
If In addition , from time to time we may collect demographic , contact or other personal information you voluntarily provide to us , such as in connection with your participation in surveys , sweepstakes , contests , games , promotional offers , and other activities on the Site .
For each registered user of the Site ( each a `` Registered User '' ) to the Yola Web Site , our Web server automatically recognizes any header information that is shared with our Web server .
Yola collects the IP address and header information , and may collect the following :
The e-mail address of Registered Users of our Web Site and the Yola Toolset ;
The e-mail addresses of Registered Users who post messages to our bulletin board , communicate with us via e-mail , and/or make postings to our chat areas ; Aggregate information on what pages Registered Users access or visit ; Registered User-specific information on what pages Registered Users access or visit ; and Personal information may also be collected if you leave comments or other communications on the Site , such as on the Yola Bulletin Board and/or chat areas , and/or send email directly to Yola .
By doing so your name and the content of your communication may be made public and can be read , collected , or used by other users of these forums , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums .
As mentioned above , we automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us .
For example , when you use the Web site , our systems may automatically collect your IP address and the type of operating system or browser you use .
We may also collect information pertaining to your account activity , and standard access information , such as the time and date of your accessing the service and your usage of the service .
We use such information for purposes such as compiling aggregated statistics about service usage .
We may also use cookie technology to collect information .
Among other things , the use of cookies enables us to :
Store Registered User 's preferences ;
Record session information , such as items that visitors and Registered Users add to their shopping cart ;
Record Registered User-specific information on what pages Registered Users access or visit ;
Alert Registered Users to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site ;
Record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors and Registered Users return to our site ; and
Deliver advertising targeted to your interests and ensure that visitors and Registered Users are not repeatedly served the same messages or offers .
Third party vendors , including Google , show your ads on sites on the internet .
Third party vendors , including Google , use cookies to serve ads based on a user 's prior visits to your website .
Users may opt out of Google 's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page .
A cookie is a small amount of data , often including an anonymous unique identifier , which is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive .
Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting .
You can modify the setting to reject cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit by editing browser options .
However , if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie , some portions of the Site and the service may not function properly .
For example , you may not be able to sign in and may not be able to access certain Site features or services .
The use of cookies by our partners and affiliates is not covered by our privacy statement .
We do/do not have access or control over these cookies .
Our partners and affiliates use session ID cookies on their websites once you leave Yola to give you access to Yola discounts and promotions .
Links to Other Sites
If you click on a link to a third party site , you will leave the Yola site you are visiting and go to the site you selected .
Because we can not control the activities of third parties , we can not accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties , and we can not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as Yola .
If you visit a third party website that is linked to from a Yola site , you should read that website 's privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information .
When you use ShareThis to bookmark and share our products and site , you will be taken to a third party site and note that their privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on those sites .
The Get Satisfaction referral program is not associated with Yola and Yola does not store or use that information .
Our service is not intended to be used by children under the age of 13 , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 except in compliance with applicable law .
Use and Sharing of Information
In general , we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions , to provide you with information or services you request , to inform you about other information , events , promotions , products or services we think will be of interest to you , to facilitate your use of , and our administration and operation of , the Site , newsletters and for the purpose for which the information was provided .
We may also use the personal information we collect to improve the content of our Web page and to customize the advertising and the content and/or layout of our page for our visitors and individual Registered Users .
We also use this information to notify Registered Users about updates to our Web site , and to contact Registered Users for marketing purposes .
We will not share the personal information we collect from you through the Site with any other company except as provided in this Policy , as it may be revised form time to time .
We reserve the right to disclose or transfer such information to a third party ( a ) if you request us to do so or we otherwise have your consent , ( b ) if we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities , respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or safety of Yola , our users , our employees or the public , including without limitation to protect Yola or our users or the public from fraudulent , abusive , inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site , ( c ) if we believe in good faith that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person , or other irreparable injury , including economic interests of Yola or a third party , requires disclosure of the information , and ( d ) in connection with an acquisition , merger , or sale of all or a substantial portion of our business .
We may also share personal information with vendors , consultants and other service providers ( Service Providers ) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or the Services and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us .
In some cases , the Service Provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf .
We may also share personal information with other third parties when you request that we do so or otherwise give us your express or implied consent .
We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties , nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these Service Providers or other third parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to them .
Note that nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information , which may be shared with third parties without your consent .
Network and Information Security
We use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized release of or access to your personal data .
However , we can not guarantee that your information will not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others .
If Yola learns of a security systems breach , then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps .
Yola may also post a notice on the Site if a security breach occurs .
Depending on where you live , you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing .
The security of your personal information is important to us .
When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number and/or social security number , national ID , personal health information ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
Credit card details are stored in our Payment Gateway 's highly secure Payment Vault that is fully compliant with the Payment Card Industry 's Data Security Standards .
We will communicate with you via email .
Yola intends to send regular email updates and occasional promotional offers that may be of interest to you .
You may opt-out of these mailings at any time .
This will not prevent us from sending you operational , account related or other non-marketing emails .
If you wish to no longer receive these emails please deactivate your account by clicking on the Profile link after you log in and then clicking the Delete Account link at the bottom of the page .

Welcome to our web site ( `` yoox.com '' ) .
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully .
This Privacy Policy applies when you visit or surf our web site without purchasing any product , when you register with yoox.com , and when you use our services for purchasing products .
If you have n't already done so , please also read the General Terms and Conditions of Use of yoox.com containing relevant information on privacy and on the security systems used by the web site .
yoox.com is managed by YOOX S.p.A .
( `` YOOX '' ) , its registered office is located in Via Nannetti , 1 - 40069 , Zola Predosa ( Bologna ) , Italy , business register number , tax code and VAT number 02050461207 , fully paid share capital of EUR 580,273.72 .
Everyone has the right to protection of his/her personal data .
YOOX respects its users ' right to be informed regarding the collection of and other operations involving their personal data .
In using data , that may directly or indirectly identify you personally , you will apply the principle of strict necessity .
For this reason , we have designed yoox.com in such a way that the use of your personal data will be kept to a minimum and will not exceed the purposes for which your personal data was collected and/or processed ; we do not process your personal data when we can provide you with services through the use of anonymous data ( such as marketing research made for improving our services ) or by other means which allow YOOX to identify you a part from when it is strictly necessary or upon request of the competent public authorities or the police ( as , for example , in case of traffic data or your IP address ) .
YOOX determines the purposes and means for the processing your personal data , including security measures , as YOOX controls yoox.com users ' personal data .
This Privacy Policy provides you with all information needed to understand how we collect data which may identify yoox.com 's users .
Who Processes Your Personal Data
YOOX controls the use of yoox.com users ' personal data ; YOOX autonomously determines the purposes and means of use , including security measures , for the protection of personal data .
For organizational and operational purposes only , we have appointed certain entities that will also process personal data belonging to yoox.com 's users , such purposes which are strictly connected to the performance of services on yoox.com , including the sale of products .
The above mentioned processors have been chosen by YOOX because of their experience in processing personal data and they provide sufficient guarantees in respect of compliance with data processing law ( including the technical security measures governing the processing to be carried out ) .
In processing the personal data of yoox.com 's users , the processors shall act only on instructions from YOOX .
We regularly ensure that our processors comply with our instructions and that they provide sufficient guarantees on their full compliance with the provisions on personal data processing .
Some of the processors of your personal data are : YOOX ASIA Ltd , a subsidiary of YOOX S.p.A. , having an address at GFL , 2nd FL , 3rd FL 16th FL , Western Plaza , No . 3 San On Street and No . 2 Tin Hau Road , Tuen Mun , N.T. , Hong Kong ( `` YOOX ASIA '' ) .
We provide YOOX ASIA , by electronic and papers means , with customers ' address and other personal data for the purpose of performing the agreements entered into between Users ( who browse and/or purchase products from this Site ) and YOOX ;
United Parcel Service , for purposes relevant to shipping and delivering products purchased on yoox.com ;
BT Italia S.p.A. for purposes relevant to the housing of YOOX servers .
How Do We Use Personal Data and for What Purposes
Your personal data is collected and processed by YOOX , both as users and registered customers , for purposes which are strictly connected to the use of the web site , its services and to the purchase of products on the web site .
However , your personal data may also be used for other processing operations within the limits of such purposes .
In particular , your personal data shall be processed for the following purposes :
when you register with our website we collect your personal data ( for example , your personal details , user ID and password , e-mail address , gender , favorite designer ) through the relevant registration form ( MYOOX ) and we process the data in order to provide you with your requested services in reserved access areas of yoox.com and in order to send you our YOOXNEWS , when specifically requested ;
when you require Customer Care services , we collect and process your personal data ( for example , your user ID and password ) for purposes strictly necessary to provide you with customer care services relevant to yoox.com services and to assist in the purchasing of products on yoox.com ;
when you are executing purchasing procedures for products sold on yoox.com , we collect and process your personal data ( such as , for example , personal details , e-mail address , address , credit card numbers , bank code , tax code and telephone number ) on your order form only for the purpose of selling the products ordered by you ;
payments , including anti-fraud checks for credit card payments ; in this case , the data provided during the order process ( first name , surname , address , credit card number , delivery address if different from billing address ) will be sent to the supervisor responsible for anti-fraud control , ThreatMetrix Inc. , located in the U.S. , and will be processed strictly for that purpose ( see also the section `` Data supervisors '' ) ;
when you require technical assistance , we collect your personal data in order to provide you with information on net-surfing , Internet browsing or viewing and downloading web pages ;
when creating your Dream Box , we process your personal data in order to customize our services for the purchase of products on yoox.com , and when it is specifically requested , we process your data to render your Dream Box searchable for other registered MYOOX users within your same country
when you apply for the publication of your photograph and picture on yoox.com , we process your personal data ( for example , your name , your image and your suggestions ) only with your consent and as testimony to yoox.com services :
-when accessing the Friends service of MYOOX , your personal data will be processed in order to provide you with the services you have requested and , with your own consent , to make your personal data available to the other users of the Friends network that you have authorized .
- with regards to the Premire Service , your personal data will be processed , with your own consent , in order to send you information regarding the availability of items you have indicated .
Your personal data is mostly processed by electronic means and in some circumstances by paper-based means , when , for example , the processing of your personal data is required in order to prevent fraud against yoox.com .
Your personal data shall be stored in a way which allows YOOX to identify you for the period that is strictly necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected and subsequently processed and , in any case , in accordance with applicable law .
Your personal data shall not be disclosed to third parties for purposes which are not permitted by law or without your explicit consent .
Your personal data may only be disclosed to third parties when it is necessary in order to process an order .
For example , your personal data is disclosed to Banca Sella S.p.A. for the performance of electronic distance payment services , through credit/debit card , when you purchase a product on yoox.com .
Moreover , your data may be disclosed to the police or to judicial authorities , according to law and upon a formal request by such entities , for example in the event YOOX needs to prevent fraud on yoox.com ( anti-fraud services ) .
Data processors will also have access to your personal data , as stated in paragraph 2 , for the specific purposes stated in the same paragraph .
In all the above circumstances , your consent for data processing is not required .
Your personal data contained in the Dream Box , provided that you have decided to activate the Dream Box service by your own consent , may be rendered accessible and visible to other registered users of MYOOX within your same country who use the search service Public Dream Boxes .
The data contained in the Dream Box that will be rendered visible to other users of this service are the following :
- your name and surname
- your birthday ( day , month , ) if entered
- any information entered by you in the blank field , with the purpose of simplifying the Public Dream Box searches ( favourite designer , etc )
- the photo associated with your profile ( if attached )
- your city ( if entered )
Furthermore , any items you have placed in your Dream Box will also be visible to other users .
Your personal data contained in MYOOX , provided that you have decided to activate the FRIENDS service of MYOOX by your own consent , may be rendered accessible and visible to the other users of the FRIENDS network that you have indicated or authorized .
The data that will be rendered visible to other users of this service are the following :
- your name and surname
- your birthday ( day , month ) , if entered
- any information entered by you in the blank field , with the purpose of simplifying the Public Dream Box searches ( favourite designer , etc )
- the photo associated with your profile ( if attached )
- your city ( if entered )
- your e-mail address
- your preferred delivery address ( that you have entered in the Address Book and indicated as the default address )
Furthermore , any items you have placed in your Dream Box will also be visible to other users
Your personal data may be disseminated to the public after receiving your approval and only for the supply of services on yoox.com , for example , in order to allow YOOX , upon your request , to post your photos and suggestions on yoox.com , as testimony of yoox.com .
Your personal data will not be transferred abroad to any countries , which do not ensure an adequate level of protection of individuals .
Should the above be necessary in order to supply services or to execute a contract with YOOX for the purchase of products , the transfer of your personal data to such countries , shall be carried out only after the execution of specific contracts between YOOX and such entities , according to laws and applicable regulations .
We wish to inform you that YOOX shall process its users ' personal data for purposes that are strictly connected to the supply of services on yoox.com , execution of contracts related to the sale and purchase of products on yoox.com and , after receiving your consent , in order to send to you information on new commercial initiatives which are strictly connected to the web site 's activities and services .
YOOX shall process your personal data for direct marketing purposes , also by e-mail , only after receiving your consent .
YOOX may have access to third parties ' personal data which was directly disclosed by its users to YOOX , for example when a user bought a product to be sent to a friend , when the user paying the purchase price of a product is different from the recipient of such product , or when a user wishes to recommend to a friend a service of yoox.com or the sale of a particular product .
In all of the above cases , please make sure you receive the consent of such individuals before disclosing their personal data to YOOX and make sure you informed such individuals about this Privacy Policy , since you will be the only person liable in connection with the disclosure of information and data relevant to such third parties ( and with any other incompatible and unlawful use ) if they have not provided you with their consent .
We inform you that the consent of such third party individuals is not required if personal data belonging to the above individuals has been disclosed to YOOX for the execution of a sale and purchase contract with YOOX , on their exclusive behalf .
What Happens if You Do Not Disclose Your Personal Data to YOOX
Your personal data supplied to YOOX ( in particular , your personal details , your e-mail address , your address , your credit card numbers and bank code and your telephone number ) , are necessary for the processing of your order for the purchase of products on yoox.com , to supply other services provided on the web site upon your request , or when your personal data needed to carry out obligations arising out of applicable laws or regulations .
The refusal to provide YOOX with some of your personal data necessary for performing the above purposes , may consequently prevent YOOX from processing your order for the purchase of products sold on yoox.com or from supplying other services provided on yoox.com , as for example Customer Care services , to send the YOOXNEWS , to use the Dream Box , to send a flower to a friend , to recommend a product to a friend , to post your photograph on the home page , or to carry out the obligations arising out of laws and other regulations .
Failing to provide data may imply , in some cases , a legitimate and justified reason for YOOX 's refusal to process your order for the purchase of products sold on yoox.com or to provide services on yoox.com .
Disclosure of further personal data to YOOX , other than that required in order to fulfill legal or contractual obligations , or in order to provide the services required , is , on the contrary , optional and does not have any effect on the use of the web site and of its services or on the purchase of products on yoox.com ( as for example , in the event that we ask you the name of your favorite designer ) .
In some circumstances and if required , from time to time , we will duly inform you if personal data you are disclosing to YOOX is compulsory or optional .
We will point out to you whether the disclosure of your data is compulsory or optional by marking with an appropriate font ( * ) , the information that is compulsory or data which is needed required in order to provide the required services on yoox.com and for the purchase of products on yoox.com .
Failing to disclose optional personal data will not imply any obligation or disadvantage to our users .
To Whom Your Personal Data Will Be Disclosed
Personal data will be disclosed to third party companies which provide , on behalf of YOOX , specific services as Data Processors or to other recipients of personal data collected by YOOX , which autonomously process your personal data only for the performance of a contract for the purchase of products on yoox.com ( such as , for example , Banca Sella S.p.A. ) and only when such purpose does not exceed the purposes for which your personal data was collected and subsequently processed and , in any case , according to applicable laws and regulations .
Personal data will not be disclosed to third parties or disseminated or transferred , without informing our users of such disclosure/dissemination/transfer and without their consent , when required by law .
How Do We Collect Your Data on yoox.com
When you are using yoox.com , some personal data might be collected automatically ( through the so-called `` cookies '' ) , for example , when we automatically collect users ' IP addresses and other information regarding the users ' data traffic or the users ' preferences in the choice of services provided on this web site and of the products purchased through the provided services .
This information and data are collected directly and automatically by the web site as part of its operational functions .
This information and data are then processed in a collective and anonymous way for commercial purposes in order to optimize the services provided on yoox.com for the needs and preferences of the web site 's users .
In other circumstances , YOOX directly collects personal data and information from its users when they register on-line with yoox.com or when they send purchase orders of products sold on the web site in order to finalize e-commerce transactions .
YOOX collects personal data on each individual who is interested in a job position with YOOX , in the specific area called Jobs , where each user may access and provide his/her data for recruitment purposes .
YOOX will process such data only for the above purposes , according to applicable laws .
In this latter case and under no circumstances YOOX will disclose personal data to third parties .
Moreover , we collect personal data in the Press Room area in order to process requests for information from journalists and from media and press agencies and in order to send the Press Letter , upon a specific request and after the performance of yoox.com 's registration process .
YOOX reserves the right to eliminate all MYOOX accounts and their relevant information in the case of content that is illicit or damaging to YOOX 's image and/or of their products or third parties ; data that promotes illegal or defamatory activities ; pornographic content ; content that induces violence or promotes racial , sexual , or religious discrimination .
Finally , we collect personal data of third parties interested in starting business relationships with YOOX only for such purposes .
We have adopted security measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction , accidental loss , alteration , unauthorized disclosure or access , and against all other unlawful forms of data processing , as provided in our Privacy Policy .
Nevertheless , YOOX can not guarantee that the security measures adopted for the protection of the web site and for data and information transmission on yoox.com will prevent or exclude any risk of unauthorized access or of loss of data .
It is advisable that your computer is provided with software devices for the protection of network data transmission/receipt ( such as updated antivirus systems ) , and that your Internet services provider has taken appropriate measures for the security of network data transmission ( such as , for example , firewalls and anti-spam filtering ) .
yoox.com uses automatic systems of data collection , such as cookies .
A cookie is a device transmitted to the hard disk of an Internet user ; it does not contain intelligible information but it allows linking between an Internet user to his/her personal information provided by the user on yoox.com .
Cookies are disseminated by our servers and no one may gain access to the information contained therein .
Only YOOX processes information collected by cookies , in a collective and anonymous way , in order to optimize its services and its web site for the needs and preferences of its users .
We have provided cookies in connection to functions such as browsing the catalogue , purchasing products on-line and supplying `` MYOOX '' services .
As you know , each Internet browser allows the deletion of cookies after each session .
Your Internet browser contains instructions on how to carry out these procedures of deletion .
Please access the information on your Internet browser if you wish to delete cookies .
The acceptance of automatic procedures of collection of data and the use of cookies are necessary for the use of the web site and its services , including the purchase of products .
If you have started the procedure of deleting cookies , YOOX can not ensure that all web pages of yoox.com will be displayed or that certain services will be supplied such as , for example , storage or display on the web pages of products you chose when you were finalizing the on-line purchasing processes .
YOOX processes your personal data only after receiving your consent , freely expressed , in order to send you advertising material and direct marketing or other commercial communications which do not fall within the services provided by YOOX , also via e-mail , upon the user 's request ( such as , for example , the transmission of the YOOXNEWS or publication of your photo on yoox.com ) .
Each time your consent is required , we will inform you in advance and we will give you the option to either provide or refuse your consent for the use of your personal data , including your e-mail address , for the above purposes , by ticking the appropriate boxes .
We wish to inform you that law provides that your consent is not necessary and that YOOX may process your personal data without your consent when such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which YOOX is subject ; or such processing is necessary for processing an order with its users ( such as , for example , if you purchased products on yoox.com or if you asked to use specific services through our web site ) .
In any case , we wish to inform you that YOOX ensures its users that , even when prior consent is not necessary , users may exercise , at any time , their right not to receive future communications connected to particular services upon request , such as for example the YOOXNEWS .
Your Right to Access Personal Data and Further Rights
You are entitled to obtain , at any time , confirmation from YOOX as to whether or not data relating to you is being processed , whether the data is not yet registered , and the communication in intelligible form of the data undergoing processing .
Moreover , you are entitled to receive from YOOX information on the source of your personal data ; the purposes and way of processing your personal data ; the logic involved in any electronic data processing ; details of the data controller and of the data processors and the names of subjects and categories of subjects to whom your personal data may be disclosed or who may access your personal data like , for example , the names of data processors .
You can easily find all of the above information in our Privacy Policy .
You are entitled to obtain at any time from YOOX :
a ) the updating , rectification or , when you have an interest in , the integration of your personal data ;
b ) the deletion , the transformation into an anonymous form or blocking of your personal data , ( unlawful processed ) , including data which does not need to be stored for the purposes for which it has been collected and subsequently processed ;
c ) the confirmation that the operations under letters a ) and b ) have been reported , ( together with the contents of the same ) , to whom the data was disclosed or disseminated , except when it becomes impossible or if it means exceeding the protection of the relevant right .
You are entitled to object , in all or in part :
a ) for legitimate reasons , to the processing of your personal data , even if it is related to the purposes for which it was collected ;
b ) to the processing of your personal data for advertising or direct marketing purposes or in order to carry out marketing researches or commercial communications .
We will reply to you in order to satisfy your request .
Links to Other Web Sites
yoox.com contains links to other web sites which may have no connection with yoox.com or with YOOX .
YOOX does not control or monitor such web sites or their web content .
YOOX shall not be held liable for the web content of such sites and for the rules adopted by them in respect of your privacy and the processing of your personal data while you are visiting those web sites .
Please , pay attention when you connect to these web sites through the links provided on yoox.com and read their terms and conditions of use and their privacy policy carefully .
yoox.com 's Privacy Policy does not apply to the web sites managed by third parties .
yoox.com provides links to other web sites exclusively to help its users in their searches and net-surfing activities and to allow links to other web sites on the Internet .
When YOOX provides links to other web sites , YOOX does not recommend the use of these web sites and does not provide any guarantees to their web content or to the services and products supplied and sold by these web sites to Internet users .
This Privacy Policy is governed by Italian law and , in particular , by the Italian Personal Data Protection Code ( legislative decree no . 196 of 30 June 2003 ) which governs the processing of personal data - also held overseas - carried out by anyone who is domiciled or has registered offices in Italy .
The Italian Personal Data Protection Code guarantees that processing of personal data will be carried out in compliance with fundamental rights and freedom of individuals , as well as of their dignity , with particular reference to confidentiality , identity and to the right to personal data protection .
Companies of the Yoox Group
YOOX operates on the Internet through yoox.com and in non-EU Countries through foreign subsidiaries that are part of the YOOX Group .
Your personal data will not be disclosed to the above companies without your consent .
These companies usually adopt their privacy policies when providing their services to their users and when selling their products on yoox.com .
Such privacy policies are , in any case , consistent with this Privacy Policy since Italian Data Protection Code applies in the case of processing of personal data carried out by anyone who is located in a non-EU Country using processing equipment ( whether or not electronically based ) located in the Italian territory , except when they such equipment is used only for the data transit on the Italian territory .
For these purposes , companies of Yoox Group appointed YOOX as their data protection representative within the Italian territory for the application of Italian laws on data processing , as provided by the Italian Data Protection Code .
Modification and Updating of yoox.com Privacy Policy
YOOX may amend or simply update all or part of yoox.com 's Privacy Policy , in consideration of amendments to legal provisions or regulations which govern data protection and protect your rights .
The amendments and the updating of yoox.com Privacy Policy shall be notified to our users on yoox.com 's homepage as soon as such amendments or updates have been introduced and shall be binding as soon as they are published on the web site in this section .
Therefore , you are requested to regularly access this section in order to check the publication of the most recent and updated YOOX Privacy Policy .

We use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Internet .
These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gif technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients .
To do so , these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites .
This information can include : date/time of banner ad shown , the banner ad that was shown , their cookie , the IP address .
This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes .
During the process of delivering an ad to you , YourDictionary.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you-such as name , address , phone number , or email address .
However , YourDictionary does obtain some types of nonpersonally identifiable information-such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet , your browser type , or the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) .
The information collected by YourDictionary is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers .
In some cases , you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific ad ( the advertiser may ask you to fill out a survey or provide your zip code ) .
If this does occur , YourDictionary may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser .
This information is used by an advertiser to respond to your request .
In addition , YourDictionary may combine this information with other users ' information and review it in an aggregate form to understand the type of people who view a specific type of ad or visit a particular kind of website .
The vast majority of our services do not require any form of customer registration .
However , we do require registration for the use of a few services .
During registration we will need certain information -- such as , name or user name and email address .
YourDictionary will never share the information that you provide us during registration with any third parties .
During your use of our site and our services , we may collect demographic and profile data about you .
We use this data to personalize your experience at our site , showing you content that we think you will be interested in , and displaying the content according to your preferences .
We will never share this information with any other entity .
YourDictionary makes comments and forums available to its users .
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information .
Cookies and Data Collection
YourDictionary.com -- as well as most sites on the Internet -- use `` cookies '' to enhance your experience on the web .
What are cookies and why do we use them ? First , YourDictionary.com can not use these cookies to identify you personally in any way .
A cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time you visit YourDictionary.com .
This unique number , which is stored in a cookie file on your computer , helps YourDictionary target ads to you .
This cookie can help YourDictionary ensure that we do not serve you the same ad multiple times and help our advertisers understand what you like and do not like about their offerings so they can cater better to your needs the next time you are interested in their products or services .
While we believe cookies enhance your Internet experience by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and delivering more relevant content to you , they are not required for YourDictionary to deliver you an ad .
If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to delete your cookies manually .
Please consult your web browser 's help documentation for more information or you may opt out of advertiser cookies here .
We may disclose your personally identifiable information as well as your IP address and other information in order to comply with court orders , subpoenas , or regulatory obligations , or when otherwise required to do so by law .
We also may disclose such information in compliance with a law enforcement or other governmental request , or where we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , or violations of our Terms of Use
If you have questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site , please contact : LoveToKnow Corp. , 1325 Howard Ave. , Suite 307 , Burlingame , CA 94010 E-Mail : admin at yourdictionary.com
YourDictionary reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time , with or without notice .
All changes will be posted to this page .

Tango Publishing Corporation Privacy Policy
Tango is deeply committed to protecting your privacy and security when you access our website .
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy .
Please note that Tango is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which our website may link .
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This policy discloses the privacy practices for Tango 's website and covers how we handle personal information that we receive and collect from you .
Our privacy policy does not apply to the policies and practices of companies that Tango does not own or control , or to people that Tango does not employ or manage .
By using our website , you indicate your acceptance of Tango 's Privacy Policy .
Information Collection and Use
Tango collects personal information when you register with us , when you use our products or services , and when you respond to our polls , surveys , e-mail messages and newsletters .
When you register we ask for information such as your name , e-mail address , birth date , gender , zip code and other information on you and your personal interests .
Once you register with Tango and log on to our services , you are not anonymous to us .
We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser , for example , your IP address ( your computer 's location on the Internet ) and our cookie information ( if installed ) .
We record your IP address for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes .
We do not use IP address logs to track your session or your behavior on our website .
We use personal information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see ( such as banner advertising ) , facilitate product and content development , improve our services , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients .
We care about the safety of children and take the protection of children 's privacy very seriously .
Tango wo n't knowingly allow anyone under age of 15 to provide us with any personal information , and we do not encourage participation or visitation by children .
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information over the Internet , to us or to anyone else .
We encourage you to become involved in your children 's online experience .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Tango does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances :
In the event we must respond to subpoenas , or court orders , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ;
In the event we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , violations of our usage policy , or as otherwise required by law ;
If we are required to transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a sale , merger , assignment , joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of Tango or its affiliated entities ( including , without limitation , in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings ) .
Our website uses a feature of your browser to place a cookie on your computer .
Cookies are small packets of information that our website 's computer stores on your hard drive .
We can then read the cookies whenever you visit us .
We use cookies to save your password so you do n't have to re-enter it each time you visit , to deliver content specific to your interests , and to make sure you do n't see the same ads repeatedly .
Cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your Tango experience so that your visit is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible .
You may modify your browser preference relating to cookies .
With the most common browsers you have the choice to accept all cookies , to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies .
If you choose to reject cookies you may not be able to use those all of Tango 's available features and services .
Tango may let other companies that show advertisements on our website place their own cookies on your computer .
Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Tango 's cookies .
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our website , such as service announcements , administrative messages and our e-mail newsletters if you have opted-in for them .
You , of course , have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them .
Please be advised that we may archive information we collect on our members and visitors .
Upon registration or from time-to-time , you may be asked to indicate whether you are interested in receiving information from us about special offers or news about our products , services , and advertisers .
You may also be provided with the opportunity to opt-in to receive offers directly from select companies other than Tango .
If you do choose to receive these communications by means of an opt-in , we will occasionally send you an e-mail message that matches your request ( s ) .
You may , of course , always choose not to receive any of this information from us .
We currently provide the following opt-out opportunities :
Upon registration , you can choose to receive no communications from us other than an initial member welcome message .
At any time , you can follow a link provided in every newsletter or e-mail message to unsubscribe from that mailing list or e-mail service .
Please note that we reserve the right to contact you in the event of a change in our Terms of Service or this privacy policy .
We limit access to your personal information to members of the Tango staff who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs .
We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you .
In certain areas Tango uses industry-standard tools to protect data transmissions and ensure that your personal information is secure and confidential .
In addition , your Tango Account Information is password-protected and we encourage you to choose passwords that are secure .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy .
We will notify you about significant changes in the way we handle personal information by placing a prominent notice on our website or by sending a notice to the primary e-mail address specified in your Tango account .
Please refer back to this policy regularly .
We appreciate the opportunity to serve you ! If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy , or if you feel that we have not followed it , please contact us .

Yellow Pages Group Co. together with its subsidiaries we , us , YPG ) has created this privacy statement ( the Statement ) is firmly committed to the protection of your privacy .
This Statement sets out how we collect , use and secure the personal information of individuals using any website owned by us ( each , a YPG Website ) .
This Statement reflects the requirements of Canada 's Federal and Provincial privacy legislation as well as our continuous commitment to protecting your personal information .
This Privacy Statement is a simplified version of our Privacy Policy which is accessible by clicking here .
The Privacy Policy related to your Yellow Pages Account is a supplement to the Privacy Policy and can be found here .
BY USING A YPG WEBSITE , YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY STATEMENT .
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS STATEMENT , DISCONTINUE ALL USE OF THIS SITE IMMEDIATELY .
What is `` Personal Information
Personal information is information about you that uniquely identifies you as an individual .
Your name , address , e-mail address , or telephone number are all examples of personal information .
However , the name , address and telephone number of an individual that appears in a telephone directory that is available to the public ( where such individual can refuse to have such information appears in such directory ) does not fall under the scope of personal information as it is publicly available information .
Also , in some circumstances , some of this information may qualify as business information which is not covered by this Statement .
Collection of Personal Information
We do not automatically gather any personal information from users of YPG Websites .
Personal information is only obtained online if you supply it voluntarily , usually through contacting us via e-mail , applying online for a contest , answering online surveys , submitting a posting to a blog , forum , or review or registering for services .
You are not required to supply personal information to view the content of any YPG Website .
You should also be aware that when you share personal information in public areas of a YPG Website , this information may be seen and used by others users .
We urge you to exercise good judgment when sharing personal information in these areas .
If you decide not to provide us with personal information online , no material consequences will result , although you may be unable to participate in certain promotions , receive product information , or use portions of a YPG Website that require personalized information or applications .
YPG Websites provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request contact information about you .
YPG Websites may use cookies to track user traffic patterns .
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them .
The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself .
A cookie can not read data from your hard disk or cookie files created by other websites .
YPG does not correlate this information with data about individual users , nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party .
We only use cookies to tailor the visitor 's experience to the YPG Websites .
If you prefer not to receive cookies from a YPG Website , you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence .
You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser .
This could affect the areas of YPG Website that are accessible to you .
We may use software that receives and records the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer that has contacted YPG Websites .
We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting YPG Websites .
We may also use service providers to serve third party 's advertisements on YPG Websites or YPG advertisements on other websites .
In serving advertisements these providers may place cookies on your browser computer and may collect certain anonymous information about your visits to other websites or on YPG Websites .
This information may include browser type , IP address , domain name and the name of the web page from which you entered such websites , web activity and time of day .
This information is used by these third parties to better understand and optimize the online advertising campaigns .
From time to time , we analyze traffic and use YPG Websites to determine which features and services people like and do not like so that we can improve what we do .
We prepare aggregated user statistics or information summaries in order to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers and for other lawful purposes .
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
We will generally collect and use personal information to administer our contests , promotions , surveys , reward programs and other services , to understand our customers ' responses , needs and preferences , and to generally manage our business .
We may also use personal information to contact our customers or suppliers with marketing or promotional materials regarding our products , programs and services or to assist our front-line staff in providing tailored sales offers to our customers .
We may exchange or merge personal information with data obtained from third parties for the same purposes .
Personal information may be shared with our agents or contractors in connection with services that they perform for us .
Our written agreements with such agents and contractors ensure that personal information can only be used for the purposes for which it was shared with them , and that they handle the personal information in accordance with this Statement .
Some of our agents and contractors are located outside of Canada and , as such , are subject to foreign laws , including laws that may require disclosure of personal information to government agencies in those countries .
By providing us with your personal information , you consent to our collection , use and disclosure of that information as described in this Statement as amended from time to time or as described at or before the time of collection , use or disclosure , as the case may be .
If you do not want your personal information to be collected , used or disclosed in this manner , then please either :
do not submit your personal information to us ;
exercise opt-out procedures described above or as may be offered at the time of collection , or
refrain from exercising opt-in procedures described above or as may be offered at the time of collection .
You may withdraw your consent , subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice .
If you withdraw your consent , we may not be able to provide some products or services to you .
Where permitted or required by law , we may collect , use or disclose your personal information without your consent , for example , to collect a debt you owe us , to comply with a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency , or to comply with a court order .
We use physical , organizational and technological safeguards to protect your personal information against theft , loss or unauthorized access , use , modification , disclosure or disposal .
Generally speaking , you can visit YPG Websites without revealing personal information .
However , given that electronically submitted data is not 100 % secure , we make no warranties as to the security of any personal information you submit online , which you do at your own risk .
Terms of Use & Changes to this Statement
Your use of YPG Websites , and any disputes arising from it , is subject to this Statement and governed by our Terms of Use , including its choice of law provisions .
We reserve the right to change and update the Policy and these changes will be made when appropriate , in a timely manner .
We encourage you to examine our Policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made .
Upon written request , YPG will provide you access to your personal information , subject to certain exceptions as provided by the applicable legislation .
If you notice any errors or omissions in your personal information , please advise us in writing and we will promptly correct them where appropriate .
If you have concerns regarding our Statement , the security of your personal information or our compliance with the applicable personal information protection legislation , please send a brief explanation of your concern to our Privacy Officer at :
16 Place du Commerce
Verdun , Qubec H3E 2A5
Free Yellow Pages listing
Advertise on Deal of the Day
Yellow Pages Gadgets and tools
Follow YellowPages.ca on Twitter
YellowPages.ca Facebook fan page
Follow RedFlagDeals on Twitter
RedFlagDeals Facebook fan page
Terms and Conditions of Use of Yellow Pages Account
Privacy Policy for Use of the Yellow Pages Account
Yellow Pages , Walking Fingers & Design , YellowPages.ca , Canada411 , MontrealPlus.ca , QuebecPlus.ca , CalgaryPlus.ca and EdmontonPlus.ca are registered trademarks and CanadaTollFree.ca , CanadaPlus.ca , TorontoPlus.ca , OttawaPlus.ca , and VancouverPlus.ca are trademarks of Yellow Pages Group Co. in Canada .

Zappos.com 's Privacy Policy
Shop With Confidence !
Protecting Your Personal Information
Last updated : January 1 , 2013 .
To see what has changed , click here .
Thank you for accessing the Zappos.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc .
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information .
To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information .
This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information .
Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy .
This privacy policy applies to the Site .
This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information .
Please see below for details .
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site .
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site .
One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience .
For example , we can use your personal information to :
help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once .
help you quickly find information , products , and services .
help us create content that is most relevant to you .
alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer .
( a ) Registration and Ordering .
Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form .
During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number .
If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date .
We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files .
In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender .
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes .
If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you .
( b ) Email Addresses .
Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us .
We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes .
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners .
By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes .
( c ) Cookies and Other Technology .
Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage .
( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive .
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies .
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site .
We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products .
If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase .
THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CAN NOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION .
Our cookies are not spyware .
( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times .
For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon .
( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf .
These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) .
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us .
( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased .
Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us .
( d ) Log Files .
As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site .
We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes .
( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet . )
( e ) Age .
We respect children 's privacy .
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 .
Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
( f ) Product Reviews .
You may choose to submit a product review .
If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location .
If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) .
Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review .
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information .
( g ) Bizrate Reviews .
Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores .
After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience .
This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback .
Information Use and Disclosure .
( a ) Internal Use .
We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service .
We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site .
In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control .
( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries .
Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us .
We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance . )
Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest .
If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you .
We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) .
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders .
( c ) External Use .
We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection .
We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :
( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf .
When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service .
For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information .
We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S . Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party .
In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number .
( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers .
When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( More on this below in Data Security . )
( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction .
When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information .
( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law .
We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others .
For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud .
( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business .
However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets .
If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect .
( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners .
This information does not directly personally identify you or any user .
( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners .
The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site .
We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities .
Access to your personal information is restricted .
Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information .
Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware .
We believe that their security procedures are adequate .
For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall .
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security .
100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline .
Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account .
Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information .
OFFLINE COLLECTION , USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information .
We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information .
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions .
When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question .
When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption .
( See the Data Security section above for more information ) .
Another example involves faxes .
If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information .
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses .
As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices .
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose .
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated .
Effective January 1 , 2013
Go to the Homepage
Have questions ? The Zappos Customer Loyalty Team ( ZCLT ) is happy to help !
Call ZCLT 24 hours a day - 365 days a year :
Email Zappos Customer Loyalty Team

At Zazzle Inc .
( `` Zazzle '' ) , we are committed to protecting your privacy .
We have created this privacy policy to make sure you know what information we collect and how we use it .
By using our website , you expressly consent to the collection , storage , disclosure and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy and you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy .
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services .
When we make any changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you in accordance with our User Agreement .
We also encourage you to check back , from to time , and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what personally identifiable information we collect , how we use it , and to whom we disclose it .
Your continued use of the Site will be subject to the then current Privacy Policy .
But first , a note about uploading and posting information on the Site :
At the time you register for a Zazzle account , you will choose and provide us with an email address and password .
When you upload a design , post a comment or message on the Site , provide information in connection with features such as fan clubs , wish lists , forums , member profiles , reviews and recommendation your user name may be visible to other users .
Additionally , if your comment or message contains personal information and is posted by you in a page that is accessible to the public , third parties may make note of the information and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties as a result .
Any content or information you upload that is visible to third parties is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy .
Always use care when you post such information .
what information do we collect
Information provided by you :
You may provide us with certain personally identifiable information when you :
register for a Zazzle account ;
order products or gift certificates ;
request customer support or send us any other communication ;
sign up for newsletters , email alerts , and special offers ;
enter sweepstakes or contests ;
sign up for , or redeem , special offers ;
respond to surveys ;
use our Email-to-a-Friend or Refer-A-Friend features ; and
approve your child 's request to open a Zazzle account in accordance with The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) .
Such information may include your name , email address , billing address , shipping address , and credit card number .
You may also provide us with information about other people , such as their email addresses , if you email a product to a friend or refer a friend to the Site or our promotions .
Information collected by Cookies :
Zazzle uses cookies on the Site to improve the quality of our site and services to you .
A cookie is a small text file on your computer which a website sends to your computer to allow the website to store information which uniquely identifies our users .
Zazzle 's cookies do not collect or store personally identifiable information .
Rather , the cookie stores a token which uniquely identifies a particular user at a particular time .
That token is then linked to the user information in our secured databases .
You can always delete the cookies and reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to display a message when a cookie is being sent .
If you reset your browser , some of the Site features and functionality may not be available to you and you may not be able to take advantage of all the features on the Site .
We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our website .
These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services .
They are subject to confidentiality agreements with Zazzle and other legal restrictions .
Zazzle does not permit any of these companies to collect personal information using cookies or web beacons on our websites .
Certain functionalities related to the provision of additional products and services require marketers to share website usage information about visitors to the Site , who have received a targeted promotional campaign , with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics .
To this end , Zazzle 's third-party advertising company makes a note of some of the pages you visit on the Site through the use of pixel tags .
Information collected by Web Beacons and Log Files :
Zazzle collects certain non-personally identifiable information through the use of web beacons and log files .
Such information may include your IP address , browser type , site usage , and whether you opened emails you received from us .
Information collected through Product Reviews :
You may choose to submit a product review .
If you post a review , we may ask for certain information to validate your review such as email address , photo , and your city/state/country of residence .
If you submit a review , we may publish your geographic location or other anonymous information but your email address will be kept private .
Additionally , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site .
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review .
We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information .
How do we secure your information
When you place orders or access your account information , we use commercially reasonable and generally-accepted technological safeguards to secure any information we collect about you .
The secure server software ( SSL ) we use encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us .
In addition , your Zazzle account information is password-protected for your privacy and security .
You should always take steps to protect the confidentiality of the password you select .
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer .
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer .
We operate internationally and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States .
As a result , your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world , such as the European Union .
If you create a user account with us , you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all information you provide to us in the United States .
You may also choose not to provide us with certain information , but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member ; purchase products or services ; participate in a contest , promotion , survey , or sweepstakes ; ask a question ; or initiate other transactions on our website .
We work very hard to protect your privacy , but we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private .
While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security .
How do we use your information
We use the personally identifiable information you provide to :
provide the features and functionality of the Site ;
fulfill your requests for our products and services ;
communicate with you about the status of your orders and other inquiries about our products and services ;
send you information about our products and services ;
for our internal business purposes , such as data analysis , audits and so forth ;
help us create content that is most relevant to you ; and
provide notices about the results of sweepstakes , contest , and other promotions .
We use your email address to communicate with you about your account and to send you certain notification emails .
You can change the frequency of those emails in your Zazzle account settings .
When you purchase products from the Zazzle Website , we may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send marketing messages and notifications from time-to-time whether or not you created an account with us .
You may unsubscribe or change the frequency of email notifications on the Account Settings page in `` MyAccount . ''
If you email a product to a friend or refer a friend to the Site or our promotions , we will use your friend 's email to send them the e-mail you requested .
Your friend 's e-mail addresses will only be used for this purpose unless permission is otherwise granted .
We use non-personally identifiable information to monitor the use and performance of the Site so that we can learn more about how people use the Site which helps us improve our products and services and significantly enhance your experience on our website .
Does zazzle disclose the information it collects to outside parties
Generally , Zazzle does not share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies without your consent except that :
Zazzle provides information to its agents and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes , such as fulfilling customer orders and processing credit card transactions ; offering certain products and services ; communicating with customers ; providing customer service ; managing information on our behalf ; and enhancing the Site features and functionality .
In such cases , we require that these parties agree to use the information solely for the purpose for which we provided it to them and in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
If you sign up for a promotion ( e.g. , a contest or sweepstakes offer ) or enroll in a service we offer in partnership with a third party , we may provide information ( such as your name , email address , and account activity ) to such third parties .
Zazzle provides its sellers with the first name and city/state/country of residence of Zazzle customers who have purchased such seller 's products .
Zazzle may also release information ( including your name , addresses , telephone number , and account activity ) when we , in our sole discretion believe that such release is necessary or appropriate to :
comply with law ;
comply with subpoenas , warrants , court orders , government investigations , or other legal process ;
enforce or apply the terms of any of our user or license agreements ;
investigate or respond to allegations of fraud , intellectual property infringement , or other unlawful activity
investigate fraud or similar claims ;
protect the rights , property or safety of Zazzle , our users , or others .
to protect our operations ; or
to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain .
Additionally , Zazzle releases certain information to report the sale of custom postage to the United States Postal Service ( `` USPS '' ) .
As part of our relationship with the USPS , we collect and may disclose information about purchasers of our Zazzle Custom Stamps products to the USPS at the request of USPS .
To learn more about the USPS 's privacy policy , please visit the Privacy Policy .
In the event that Zazzle is acquired by , or merges with , another company Zazzle reserves the right to transfer all information we have collected from our users in connection with such acquisition or merger .
Zazzle may disclose non-personally-identifiable information to third parties in aggregate form to potential business partners and investors .
Zazzle may use third party service providers to place ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on the Site .
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Site , and your interaction with our products and services .
They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services .
This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon , which is industry standard technology used by most major sites .
In addition , Zazzle is a dynamic marketplace with a great number of branded products and content .
We will offer our users the opportunity to opt-in to receive emails , notifications of promotions and the like offered by our partners from such partners .
You have the right to decline to opt-in to take advantage of this service .
Does this privacy policy apply when i access third party websites
You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Site .
However , this Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites .
We can not control how third parties may use personal information you disclose to them , so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your personal information to its provider .
What about children 's privacy
We respect children 's privacy .
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13 .
If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you .
Children under the age of 13 are allowed to upload graphics and images and to order products with their parent 's consent .
To order products , the child must indicate his or her age , submit his or her name and his or her mailing address and shipping address if different from the mailing address together with a valid credit card number .
In addition , in order to generate custom postage , we must collect and record the following information : the date and time of the custom postage order , a unique order i.d. , the amount of postage ordered in the transaction , and the zip code of the recipient of the custom postage .
This is the only information collected from a child .
This information is used to fulfill the requested order ; confirm shipment ; complete record keeping including royalty entitlements and other earnings , if any , to report the sale of Zazzle Custom Stamps to the United States Postal Service , and to advise the child concerning new Zazzle products , services or policies .
Parents of children under the age of 13 have the option to consent to the collection of this information from their children or not .
Such consent will not be used as consent for the dissemination of any of this information and the information will not be released by Zazzle to third parties without the parents ' consent except as may be required by law or upon court order .
Personal information at Zazzle is kept confidential and is disclosed only with the consent of the Zazzle user or as set forth in this Privacy Policy .
We do not engage in the selling of information regarding the habits , behavior , buying patterns , or demographic information of our users .
Zazzle does not condition a child 's participation in any on-line activity on the granting of any unnecessary information beyond that actually needed in connection with that activity .
Parents can review any information Zazzle has received from a child and the parent can have that information deleted and the parent can forbid the collection of additional information from their child .
If you want to review any information obtained from your child or if you want to have any information obtained from your child deleted from Zazzle 's records or to forbid any use of such information , you may send a request to Zazzle Customer Support .
Contact us by sending an email with 'Parental Notification ' in the subject line .
Alternatively , you may contact the Zazzle Child Privacy Representative by phone , email , or letter at :
Redwood City , CA 94063
1 ( 800 ) 980-9890
How can i change , delete , or update my information
Most of your account information can be changed in the My Account section of the Site .
After receiving proof of your identity , we will provide the information to you , and you may request that we delete or change any or all of the information .
Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account .
The current version of the Zazzle Privacy Policy was adopted effective as of January 1 , 2012 .
To view the Zazzle Privacy Policy prior to November 17 , 2011 , please click here
Zazzle Black Terms & Conditions
Exclusive Offers : Sign me up !
We promise 100 % satisfaction .
If you do n't absolutely love it , we 'll take it back !
About Us Contact Us Track My Order Zazzle Worldwide Tags Help iPhone App
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Blog Forum Careers
Copyright 2000-2013 , Zazzle Inc .
All rights reserved .
User Agreement | Privacy Policy

ZEDO , Inc .
ZEDO , Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of online consumers .
This notice explains our online technology and information collection practices .
ZEDO does not collect any personally identifiable information ( PII ) from users .
ZEDO adheres to the privacy guidelines created by the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) and the Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) .
ZEDO is a technology service provider : when you see an Internet ad Powered by ZEDO ' , the Web site you are visiting has asked ZEDO to act as an agent for ad delivery and reporting .
The website may be one of the following : a ZEDO customer ; serving ads from one of ZEDO 's Ad Network customers ; or serving ads from the ZEDO Ad Network itself .
The information ZEDO processes on a customer 's behalf belongs to that customer and is only used by ZEDO to customize ad serving for that customer .
This usage is governed by our Terms and Conditions with our customers and by this privacy policy .
ZEDO collects anonymous information through the use of cookies and pixel tags , which are industry standard technologies used by many major Web sites .
No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process .
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer : A cookie file simply contains a string of alphanumeric characters , which is passed from a Web site to your computer and back to the Web site , unchanged , for recognition purposes .
Web sites use cookies to recognize a computer that has previously visited the site or page .
Cookies are often miscategorized as Spyware ' , or as a virus or other malicious program .
A cookie itself can not do anything except help a Web site behave in a manner customized to you .
ZEDO uses cookies to enhance the Web experience by preventing users from seeing the same Internet ad over and over again .
ZEDO does not use cookies to personally identify you in any way , and these cookies can not damage your system or files .
You can tell your browser to accept or reject cookies for all sites , or for specific sites ; but remember , rejecting cookies may affect the way your favorite sites behave .
To make certain that ads served by ZEDO , Inc. are targeted correctly , partner Web sites in the ZEDO network place pixel tags on their sites .
These tags are not personally identifiable , nor do they collect personal information .
They are used to match visitor browsing behavior to a segment profile designated for targeting ads to visitors .
ZEDO collects only anonymous , non-personally identifiable information .
When you are on one of our customer 's Web sites ( including advertisers and Web site owners ) , the Web site uses cookies to collect certain non-personal information about you , including but not limited to : your browser type ( Google Chrome , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , etc . ) ; operating system ( Windows , Macintosh , etc . ) ; your browsing behavior , such as the date and time you visit the site , the content areas or pages of the site you visit ( for example , auto section ' or entertainment section ' ) , ads clicked on and other click-stream data .
None of this data contains personal information about you .
ZEDO does not collect data of any sensitive nature , including precise information about past , present or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments , including genetic , genomic , and family medical history .
ZEDO enables its customers to use the anonymous information it collects to customize the advertisements that consumers see on participating Web sites and to analyze if the advertising resulted in a desired action , such as a sale .
This is sometimes referred to as Online Preference Marketing ( OPM ) or Behavioral Targeting .
In order to serve appropriate ads to visitors , ZEDO will temporarily assemble non-personal behavioral and technical information to create very large audience segments .
These segments represent data that has been aggregated into large anonymous groupings .
ZEDO does not allow its customers to create or use targeting segments of any sensitive nature , including precise information about past , present or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments , including genetic , genomic , and family medical history .
In some cases , customers may create targeting segments for non-sensitive categories , such as diet , fitness , beauty , etc .
Anonymous data from third parties may be combined with the anonymous data collected by our partners in order to tailor the advertisements you see .
Data Storage and Lifetime
ZEDO stores all anonymous , non PII data in user cookies and not on any servers .
Reasonable measures are taken to obscure and protect the anonymous data stored in cookies , however , as cookies are a component of individual internet browsers , cookie security is ultimately managed by the browser .
These cookies have a lifetime of one year from your last visit or exposure and can be blocked or deleted by users using the methods described on our Opt Out page .
Click here to read more about opting out .
ZEDO does not provide any personal information to marketers when you interact with or view a targeted ad .
The user information that we collect to create segments and profile information for our service is shared with our contracted customers and not with any other outside party .
At the same time , our advertiser customers can not correlate or merge any network segment information that they may collect , process or store in connection with their site , including such personal information except in compliance with the applicable customer contracts and such customer 's privacy policy .
PII may be utilized by advertiser customers at a later time , as part of their customer relationship management ( CRM ) programs , for example .
If you do not want to store this information in your browser , you can easily deny , or opt out of , cookies .
There is more than one way to opt out of cookies : manually delete your cookies by following the instructions contained in the Help section of your browser ; or , go to our Opt Out page and click the Opt Out Now button provided .
We will no longer deliver ads targeted to your preferences and usage patterns .
The ZEDO Opt-out Tool is cookie-based .
In order for the Tool to work on your computer , your browser must be set to accept third party cookies .
If you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again .
The NAI provides a mechanism to opt out of its member networks here .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
ZEDO , Inc. reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently .
If we make a change to this policy that would result in a materially more permissive use of Preference Data that was collected before the effective date of the update , we will obtain prior affirmative consent from affected users before implementing the change .
If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Statement , please contact :
ZEDO , Inc .
850 Montgomery St. Suite 150
San Francisco , CA 94133

Effective as of March 1 , 2013 .
For the prior version of our Privacy Policy , click here .
This Privacy Policy ( Policy ) explains how we collect and use visitors ' and customers ' information , particularly personal information , as part of the Service .
The information Zendesk collects and uses is limited to the purpose for which customers engage Zendesk and other purposes expressly described in this Policy .
Any discussion of your use of the Service in this Policy is meant to include your visits and other interactions with the Zendesk Websites , whether or not you are a user of Zendesk 's on-demand customer service support platform .
To mark its commitment to privacy , Zendesk has entered into a number of voluntary data privacy programs , including the TRUSTe Privacy Certification Programs , and the United States European Union and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor programs .
We have been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy and our privacy practices have been reviewed and verified by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Program Requirements and Cloud Privacy Requirements , including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy programs .
Zendesk also complies with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from EU member countries and Switzerland .
We have certified our adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement .
Our compliance has been verfied by TRUSTe , which has awarded Zendesk the TRUSTe 's Certified Privacy Seal .
If you are not satisfied with our response or we do not respond to your query within 30 days , you can contact TRUSTe here .
TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification
Zendesk Safe Harbor Compliance
What do we mean by Personal Information
In this Policy , personal information means information or an information set that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of Zendesk to identify an individual .
Except as described in this Policy , Zendesk will not give , sell , rent or loan any personal information to any third party .
Personal information does not include Usage Data which we define as encoded or anonymized information or aggregated data we collect about a group or category of services , features or users which does not contain personally identifying information .
Usage Data helps us understand trends in usage of the Service so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Service .
In addition to collecting and using Usage Data ourselves , we may share Usage Data with third parties , including our customers , partners and service providers , for various purposes , including to help us better understand our customers ' needs and improve the Service as well as for advertising and marketing purposes .
We do not share Usage Data with third parties in a way that would enable them to identify you personally .
How Do We Collect , Use and Share Your Personal Information and Other Information
Information You Provide to Us
When you register for the Service , we ask for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , e-mail address and credit card information , as well as certain related information like your company name and website name .
If you sign-up for a 30-day free trial account , you are not required to enter your credit card information unless and until you decide to continue with a paid subscription to the Service .
Zendesk uses a third-party intermediary to manage credit card processing .
This intermediary is not permitted to store , retain , or use your billing information for any purpose except for credit card processing on Zendesk 's behalf .
Zendesk may use the personal information you provide to operate the Service and tailor it to your needs , for billing , identification and authentication , to contact and communicate with you about the Service and your use of the Service , send you marketing materials ( subject to your opt-out option ) , for research purposes , and to generally improve the content and functionality of the Service .
Zendesk may also share your personal information with its third-party service providers ( such as its credit card processors and hosting partners ) to provide the necessary hardware , software , networking , storage , and other services we use to operate the Service and maintain a high quality user experience .
We do not permit our service providers to use the personal information you provide for their marketing purposes .
As is true with most websites , Zendesk gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files .
This information includes internet protocol addresses as well as browser , internet service provider , referring/exit pages , operating system , date/time stamp , and click stream data .
Occasionally , we may connect personal information to information gathered in our log files , as necessary to improve the Service for individual customers .
Otherwise , we generally use this information as we would any Usage Data , to analyze trends , administer and maintain the Service , or track usage of various features within the Service .
A cookie is a small software file stored temporarily or placed on your computer 's hard drive .
The main purpose of a cookie is to allow a web server to identify your computer and web browser , and tailor web pages and/or login information to your preferences .
Cookies help us promptly display the information you need to use the capabilities of the Service and other information which we consider to be of interest to you .
By gathering and remembering information about your website preferences through cookies , we can provide a better web and marketing experience .
Cookies do n't give us access to users ' computers , and the information we collect through cookies does n't include personal information .
When you use the Service we utilize session cookies , which allow us to uniquely identify your browser while you are logged in and to process your online transactions .
Session cookies disappear from your computer when you close your web browser or turn off your computer .
We also utilize persistent cookies to identify you as a Zendesk customer , agent or end user and make it easier for you to log into and use the Service .
Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your web browser or turn off your computer .
We utilize various categories of cookies , which are summarized below along with the options available to you to manage them .
Essential : Essential cookies are those that are critical to the functionality of the Service .
We use these cookies to keep a user logged into the Service and remember relevant information when the user returns to the Service .
Functional : We use functional cookies to track users ' activities in the Service , understand their preferences and improve their user experience .
These cookies can also be used to remember configurations of the Service that you can customize .
Marketing : We engage third party providers to serve a variety of marketing cookies that enable us track and analyze usage , navigational and other statistical information from visitors to the Zendesk Websites .
This information does not include personal information though we may reassociate this information with personal information we have collected when it is received .
Marketing cookies are also used to track the performance of our advertisements and are employed by third party advertising networks that we utilize .
These ad networks follow online activities of visitors to the Zendesk Websites and use this information to inform , optimize and serve tailored advertisements on the Zendesk Websites or on other websites you visit that we believe would most effectively promote the Service to you .
We also use third parties to collect information that assists us in other methods of remarketing our Service to visitors to the Zendesk Websites , including customized email communications .
You can generally accept or decline the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser .
To learn more how to control cookie settings through your browser :
Click here to learn more about the Private Browsing setting and cookie setting in FireFox ;
Click here to learn more about Incognito and cookie setting in Chrome ;
Click here to learn more about InPrivate and cookie setting in Internet Explorer ; or
Click here to learn more about Private Browsing and cookie setting in Safari .
In addition , certain third party advertising networks , including Google , permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing .
To learn more about this feature from Google , click here .
Please note that if you do elect to disable your web browser 's ability to accept cookies , you may not be able to access or take advantage of many features of the Service .
Many jurisdictions require or recommend that website operators inform users as to the nature of cookies they utilize and , in certain circumstances , obtain the consent of their users to the placement of certain cookies .
If you are a customer of Zendesk , it is your responsibility to inform the individuals with whom you interact using the Service as to the types of cookies utilized in the Service and , as necessary , to obtain their consent .
We also employ web beacons to help us better manage content in the Service by informing us what content is effective .
Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of internet users .
Unlike cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , web beacons are embedded invisibly on websites .
We tie the information gathered by web beacons to personal information we otherwise collect , and use them in our HTML-based emails to learn which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns as well as to operate and improve the Service .
You can opt-out of these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions within such marketing emails .
In addition to the purposes described above , we disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims .
We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law .
Links to Other Websites
The Service contains links to other websites and web applications that are not owned or controlled by Zendesk .
Please be aware that we do not determine and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites .
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service , and read the privacy statements of other websites and web applications linked to the Service .
This Policy applies only to information collected by the Service .
The Service ( including the Zendesk Websites ) offers publicly-accessible blogs or community forums .
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
From time to time , we post customer testimonials on the Zendesk Websites which may contain personal information .
We obtain the customers ' consent to post their names along with their testimonials .
Zendesk is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information .
We utilize robust precautions to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information within the Service , by employing technological , physical and administrative security safeguards , such as firewalls and carefully-developed security procedures .
For example , when you enter sensitive information ( such as login credentials and all your activity on our Service platform ) we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
These technologies , procedures and other measures are used in an effort to ensure that your data is safe , secure , and only available to you and to those you authorized to access your data .
However , no internet , e-mail or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free , so you should take care in deciding what information you send to us in this way .
Safe Harbor Data Privacy Notice
Zendesk complies with the US EU and US Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks for protecting the privacy of data flowing from the EU and Switzerland to the United States , as set forth by the US Department of Commerce .
We frequently enter agreements with our EU customers to provide them access to our Service , which includes the processing of information relating their customers .
In providing our Service , we do not own , control or direct the use of the information stored or processed on our platform at the direction of our customers , and in fact we are largely unaware of what information is being stored on our platform and only access such information as authorized by our customers or as required by law .
Only you or your customers are entitled to access , retrieve and direct the use of such information .
As such , we are only the data processors and not the data controllers of the information on our platform for purposes of the EU Directive on Data Protection ( Directive 95/46/EC ) and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection .
Our EU or Swiss customers , who control their customer data and send it to Zendesk for processing , are the controllers of that data and are responsible for compliance with the Directive .
In particular , Zendesk 's customers are responsible for complying with the Directive and relevant data protection legislation in the relevant EU member state before sending personal information to Zendesk for processing .
We work with our customers to help them provide notice to their customers concerning the purpose for which personal information is collected .
As the processors of personal information on behalf of our customers , we follow their instructions with respect to the information they control .
In doing so , we implement appropriate technical , physical and administrative measures against unauthorized processing of such information and against loss , destruction of , or damage to , personal information .
We process and store information on behalf of our customers .
If you are an individual interacting with a customer of the Service and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer , please contact that customer directly .
Requests to opt-out of transfers to our third-party vendors will also be considered , but limitations on data sharing may make it difficult or impossible to provide the Service in this manner .
Correcting and Updating Your Information
Customers may update or change the personal information they have provided Zendesk by logging into the Service and providing such additional information where applicable .
We will respond to such queries within 30 business days .
Zendesk has no direct relationship with the individuals with whom our customers may interact using the Service .
Any such individual seeking access to , or who would like to correct , amend , or delete data which may be stored in the Service should direct his query to the applicable Zendesk customer acting as the data controller for such information .
At the request of our customers , we remove any data placed in their accounts within 30 business days .
Zendesk will retain personal information we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide Service to our customers , subject to our compliance with this Policy .
We may further retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Children 's Personal Information
Zendesk does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Policy , we will notify you by email or by posting a prominent notice on the Zendesk Websites prior to the change becoming effective .
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices .
Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to this Policy .
Your only remedy , if you do not accept the terms of this Policy , is to discontinue use of the Service .
Zendesk may assign or transfer this Policy , and your user account and related information and data , including any personal information , to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business , stock or assets of , or is merged with .
Zendesk , Inc .
Attn : Privacy Officer
989 Market Street # 300
San Francisco , CA 94102

English | Franais | Deutsch | Italiano | Espaol | Portugus | | Polski
ZENIMAX MEDIA ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
ZeniMax Media Inc. and its divisions and subsidiaries ( collectively , `` ZeniMax '' ) are committed to protecting your privacy online .
To further this commitment , we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect , store , and use the information collected about you when you visit one of our websites ( collectively `` Sites '' ) or in conjunction with your use any of the products , services , features or games available through our Sites ( collectively the `` Services '' ) .
ZeniMax Media Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information .
TRUSTe 's certification covers all Sites that link to this privacy policy and display the TRUSTe certified privacy seal .
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software .
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here .
Your personal data may be transferred to and processed in countries outside of the European Economic Area .
To ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information as required by European data protection law , ZeniMax is a participant in the U.S. - E.U . and the U.S. - Switzerland Safe Harbor frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and agreed upon with the European Commission and the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland , respectively .
ZeniMax has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement .
Whenever you visit a website that displays the TRUSTe certified privacy seal and links to this privacy policy , you can expect to be notified of the following :
Exactly what information may be collected and how it will be used ;
The consequences , if any , resulting from your refusal to provide personal information ;
Whether ZeniMax uses cookies , tracks IP addresses , or uses other passive means to collect information ;
Who , if anyone , is collecting your personal information ;
With whom , if anyone , your personal information is shared ;
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs and Profiles
What is ZeniMax 's policy regarding links to third party sites ;
What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information ;
How you can access , and if necessary , change the personal information a company collects and maintains ;
Whether and how information is collected from children under 13 ;
How a company ensures data security , quality , and integrity ; and ,
Where and how to ask questions or file complaints .
What types of information does ZeniMax collect and how will it be used
In order to give you the best experience on our Sites or while using our Services , ZeniMax may collect personal information about you .
You may be asked to provide information to us through one or more services we provide through our Sites .
This information may include personally identifiable information , such as , for example , your name , age , email address , address , country , and telephone number .
For some activities , we may ask you to create a username and password , and to provide personal information such as your age and date of birth .
In some instances , we combine personal and non-personal information in order to improve your in game experience , or for security , system integrity , or enforcement purposes .
Additionally , we may collect information provided by you and your computer through use of our Services , embedded within messages to you , within social media , in some of our products , and otherwise .
Your web browser and/or client software may transmit certain geographic information ( such as IP address ) or information regarding your computer ( capabilities , game data processing , and so on ) to ZeniMax .
ZeniMax may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community , personalize your experience for your geographic area and may provide such information to our service partners in order to personalize your experience on our Sites , improve your gameplay experience , including to provide tailored customer service support , security , system integrity ( preventing hacking , cheats , etc . ) or to enforce this Privacy Policy , our terms or our legal rights in accordance with national law .
Note that , depending on the ZeniMax website that you are visiting , many of the activities listed may not be available and , as such , personal information and/or non-personal information may not be collected .
Additionally , we do not require this information to gain access to our Sites ; however , you will not be able to utilize certain products , Services , or features that require registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided .
We may ask a user to submit personal and/or demographic information , typically in the form of either : ( 1 ) customer support and Service-related assistance ; ( 2 ) community forum registration , including Tell-A-Friend Services and social media features , including Facebook and other OpenID providers ; ( 3 ) contests , sweepstakes , and promotions , or event registration , ( 4 ) internal marketing , profiling or demographic purposes ; ( 5 ) anti-cheat and fraud prevention and detection ; ( 6 ) beta testing or other product participation and evaluation ; and ( 7 ) in other business-related capacities ( e.g. , resumes submitted through our recruiting service provider 's page ) .
The types of information that may be requested for each activity and the way the information may be used are detailed below .
For certain products , ZeniMax may enhance or merge the personal information you provide with data from our partners in order to perform market analysis or improve or products , Services , or systems .
While this information may be shared with our third party partners that assist us in developing and improving our products , we do not sell this information to other companies or organizations .
Customer Support and other Service-related Assistance
You may submit a question or problem to our technical support team regarding any problems you are encountering with a particular product , or , for some of ZeniMax 's products , may request in-game customer service support and assistance .
In order for us to provide support , you may be asked to provide personal information such as your name , phone and/or fax number , home address , email address and non-personally identifiable information such as the kind of operating system you own and a description of your problem .
The information you provide us for this purpose is used to respond to your problem in a timely and accurate fashion .
The information that you submit during product registration may entitle you to limited warranty protection and technical support set forth in connection with your purchased product .
If you voluntarily request it , we may also use your registration information to notify you about updates to our products and Services .
In the event you request customer support , we may send you emails or communicate with you by telephone , in accordance with and in response to your inquiries , to provide the Services you request and to manage your account .
For some of our products , ZeniMax may send to you Service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so , such as in the event that the product Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications in these circumstances , as they are not promotional in nature .
To register in any of our online community forums , we may ask you to provide personal information such as your email address , and to create a username and password .
We may also collect demographic information about you , including your occupation , hobbies and interest , and other preferences .
The information that you submit to us for this purpose is used to give you access to our community forums and other community features , to allow the moderators and administrators of the message boards to contact you , and to improve our games and other products and Services .
Some of our forums are product-specific and may require you to create a game account .
In these circumstances , you are not required to play the game .
However , should you use features of and/or play the game in connection with forums use , information you provide to us during the game may be combined with your forum username and demographic information .
Please note that the information ( e.g. , email address , username , occupation , and interests ) contained in your profile ( i.e. , that you provide when registering ) may be viewable to other users of ZeniMax 's Services .
We can not and do not guarantee that this information will be kept confidential or private .
If you do not want the public to see this information , please leave the information blank at the time of registration or choose to make your email address and other information inaccessible to other users of the forum .
In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information ; we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why .
From time to time we may allow you to tell-a-friend about our website and we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address .
By providing your friend 's name and email address , you confirm that you have obtained your friend 's consent to send such email .
At your direction , we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website .
ZeniMax does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program .
Third Party Social Media Features
Our Sites includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website .
These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our website , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly .
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website .
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it .
Some of our products and/or Services integrate third party tools and/or you can log in to our Sites using sign-in services such as an Open ID provider .
These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form .
These third-party services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network .
Contests , Sweepstakes , and Promotions
From time to time , we may run contests , sweepstakes or other events or activities ( collectively , `` events '' ) on our Sites .
Information collected for these events may include personal information such as your email address and may be collected by or shared with a third party sponsor , co-sponsor , or other third party ( e.g. , marketing or promotional partner , contest administrator , software licensee , or game developer ) .
While we have no control over the third party 's use of such information , our contracts with these third parties require them to agree to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of any personal information we share with them ( or that they collect through our Sites ) .
If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party , you can choose not to participate in these events at the time the information is collected .
Internal Marketing , Profiling , or Demographic Evaluation
In some of our products and Sites , ZeniMax may generate aggregate statistics about our user community through the use of Google Analytics , a web analytic service offered by Google Inc .
( `` Google '' ) and Adobe Omniture ( including Adobe Social ) , a web analytics service offered by Adobe Systems Inc .
( Adobe ) , including their respective affiliates , which collect information when you use some of our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC .
In addition , we may collect information on your interaction with us on social media sites .
We may also use these services to collect and analyze publicly available information that users post about us on various social media sites .
These analytics providers help ZeniMax evaluate whether a user 's experiences are consistent across the company 's Sites and marketing campaigns , as well as within social networks .
These tools and technologies use server log files , local stored objects ( LSOs ) web beacons , cookies , tracking pixels and other technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information including : IP addresses ( including for purposes of determining your approximate geographic location ) ; browser type and language ; referring and exiting pages and URLs ; platform type ; click information ; information about your media ; landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , as well as the date and amount of time spent on pages within the Sites ; game state and the date and time of activity on our Sites or games ; and information about how you use our games , including game metrics and statistics , feature usage , and similar information .
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Sites and in the context of our online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services .
Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies .
For information on how to control cookies and other tracking , please see the `` Tracking Technologies '' section below .
Anti-Cheat and Fraud Prevention Technologies
In an effort to provide a safe and fair gaming environment to all players of its games , ZeniMax employs anti-cheating software or applications during the use of certain online products and Services to prevent fraudulent activities and behaviors that may negatively affect the experiences of a player .
When creating a profile for certain products and/or Services , ZeniMax may collect data about your personal computer in order to create a hash of machine components .
Information collected is not stored in retrievable form .
ZeniMax may use this machine hash for the prevention of fraud , security and for authentication purposes only and not shared with any third parties except as part of the vendor software .
Beta Testing and/or Product Testing
From time to time , ZeniMax may offer opportunities for consumers to test , submit feedback , and/or provide opinions on unreleased products .
You may be asked to provide personal information such as your name , phone and/or fax number , home address , email address , gender , and non-personally identifiable information such as the kind of operating system you own and your gaming preferences .
The information that you provide us may be used to identify compatibility in our product tests .
If you qualify for product testing , you may be asked to provide additional information , such as your opinions on the product and your IP address , which may be stored in our records .
Your system specifications ( such as OS , RAM , video card , monitor , system configuration , crash data , etc . ) may be reviewed/recorded by us for the purposes of analyzing and optimizing your game experience and in order to provide you with customer service .
Based on the product and/or Service , ZeniMax may collect additional information as described above ( such as internal testing , profiling , and/or demographic evaluation or through anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies ) to permit ZeniMax to evaluate your gaming experience .
If you do not want this information to be collected , do not sign up to be a beta or product tester .
ZeniMax utilizes a third-party applicant tracking system to receive candidate applications interested in employment .
Personal information collected from resumes will be used for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings and may therefore be shared within ZeniMax and its affiliates .
Unless noted otherwise , we may also use any of the information we collect about you for our marketing , demographic research and analytical purposes , so we can constantly improve the products and Services we provide you .
No matter what method we use to collect information and no matter how we use that information , we will only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary by us to respond to your online requests , offer our products and Services and fulfill our legitimate business objectives .
Back to top .
What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information to ZeniMax
You can always choose not to submit personal information to us .
However , if you choose not to submit personal information when requested , you may not be able to participate in certain activities or access certain products or Services on our Sites and may considerably limit the Services we can provide you .
For example , if you refuse to provide your email address when registering , you will not be able to use our message boards .
Back to top .
Does ZeniMax or third parties use cookies , track IP addresses or use other passive means to collect information
ZeniMax and its third party service providers may use cookies to improve the use of our Sites .
A `` cookie '' is a small file or record-keeping device that websites often store on a user 's computer .
Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our websites .
For example , cookies allow you to log in , allow us to remember your screen name , tell us that you have visited our website before , and may contain information that will make your next visit to our website more enjoyable and for these reason our cookies may be tied to personally identifiable information we have collected about you such as your email address .
You can always disable or delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer .
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies .
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our website .
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser .
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time .
We use persistent cookies to track aggregate information about user 's activities in our games and on our Sites .
The use of cookies by our tracking utility company is not covered by our privacy policy .
We do not have access or control over these cookies .
Clear Gifs ( Web Beacons/Web Bugs )
We also have third party advertising partners that employ a software technology called clear gifs ( a.k.a . Web Beacons/Web Bugs ) , that help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us what content is effective .
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and are used to track the online movements of web users .
In contrast to cookies , which are stored on a user 's computer hard drive , clear gifs are embedded invisibly on webpages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence and can not be disabled through your browser 's hard drive .
Some of the information gathered by clear gifs ( such as email address ) may be tied to your personally identifiable information to obtain general website traffic information and evaluate user functions for marketing purposes .
We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns .
You may opt-out of future communications by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the promotional email .
We use local shared objects ( LSOs ) , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score , and to display content based upon what you view on our website to personalize your visit .
Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your website browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information .
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to their collection and use of your information .
Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored .
Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies .
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here :
ZeniMax may also collect your IP address for safety and security purposes .
ZeniMax may also use your IP Address in order to learn more about your interests and how you browse our Sites in order to offer you content that interests you .
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet .
Other non-personal information collected by ZeniMax is in the form of logs - files that record website activity , including how many `` hits '' a particular webpage is getting ( a.k.a. , `` click-through data '' ) .
For example , log file entries are generated every time a visitor clicks the `` Online Shop '' icon on our website .
These entries enable ZeniMax to assess overall Site activity , track interest in advertised sales , track interest in purchase behavior , and troubleshoot technical concerns .
Through the use of log files , we may also collect certain demographic information such as the type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using ( e.g. , Windows 7 or Mac OS ) , and the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , America Online , Earthlink ) .
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other websites .
Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests .
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here .
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising .
You will continue to receive generic ads .
On some of our Sites , we may allow third-parties to serve ads .
When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other websites .
You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting that company 's privacy page .
Back to top .
Who is collecting my personal information
ZeniMax Media Inc. is the data controller of the personal data processed in connection with our Sites and is used in the manner specified above .
Back to top .
With whom does ZeniMax share my personal information
ZeniMax may employ and share your personal information with entities that use it solely to provide support for the internal operations of our Site ( s ) , games or Services ( e.g. , message board operation , and technical support processing ) .
Our contracts with these service providers do not permit use of your information for their own marketing purposes .
ZeniMax may also share your personal information with our subsidiary or affiliate companies for purposes of internal marketing , analytics , research and demographic studies , which help us improve and tailor the products and Services we provide you , and , if you have consented , to notify you about other products and Services offered by ZeniMax and its affiliates .
Other than as explained in this policy , we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law , or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes ; when we deem it necessary or appropriate to disclose personal information to law enforcement authorities , such as to investigate actual or suspected fraud or violations of law , breaches of security , or breaches of this Privacy Policy ; to respond to any claims ; or , to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of ZeniMax , our customers , or the public .
In addition , information about our customers , including personal information , may be disclosed as part of any merger , sale , transfer of ZeniMax assets , acquisition , bankruptcy , or similar event .
Back to top .
Public Information Including User Generated Content , Online Forums , Blogs and Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to ZeniMax Sites or games , or in online chat rooms , blogs , message boards , user profiles for public view or in similar forums on ZeniMax Sites .
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted public information , may be accessed or recorded by ZeniMax employees or users , or members of the public .
You should have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in any information you post in our forums or games , or your profile , or that you otherwise make available on our or through our Sites and Services .
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information that you submit in the course of these public activities can be read , collected , or used by other users of these Services , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages .
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums .
Back to top .
What is ZeniMax 's policy regarding links to third party websites
Our websites may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by ZeniMax .
We are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by these third party sites .
Because we can not guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards and the requirements of TRUSTe , we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the website to which you link before you submit any personal information .
Back to top .
Can I choose how my personal information is used
If you prefer not to receive marketing information from our Sites , email notices from our message board operators , or any other communication from ZeniMax , please do not `` opt-in '' when you register or at the time you submit your information .
We will send you strictly Service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so .
For instance , if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance , we might send you an email .
Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature .
If you do not wish to receive them , you have the option to deactivate your account .
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident , you may request a list of the third parties to which we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes .
You may make one request per calendar year .
In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response .
Please allow up to thirty ( 30 ) days for a response .
Back to top .
How can I access my personal information
If you have registered for a game-specific bulletin board on our website and wish to update your profile , you may do so online by visiting the `` profile '' section found at each game forum on our websites .
You may be required to submit your login name and password before you can access your profile information .
We will respond to all access requests within 30 days .
Back to top .
Does ZeniMax collect personal information from children under 13
ZeniMax does not knowingly request or collect personal information such as name , address , or email address from children younger than 13 years of age .
To determine who is under 13 years old , we ask all users who wish to register online for a particular Service ( e.g. , product , forum , or technical support registration ) to submit their date of birth .
Those visitors that indicate that they are under 13 are not allowed to register online .
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children 's use of online activities regularly .
Back to top .
What safeguards does ZeniMax use to protect my personal information
While ZeniMax takes reasonable precautions against possible breaches of our Sites and customer databases , no website or Internet transmission is completely secure .
Consequently , ZeniMax can not and does not guarantee that unauthorized access , hacking , data loss , or other breaches will never occur .
ZeniMax urges you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place ( separate from your account information , logging out of your user account , and closing your web browser ) .
ZeniMax maintains safeguards to protect the security , integrity and privacy of the personal information we collect .
Personal information collected by ZeniMax is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and is only accessible by authorized employees .
In addition , we utilize third-party websites to sell our products and they use industry-standard encryption to prevent unauthorized electronic access to sensitive financial information such as your credit card number .
We also have security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control ( i.e. , maintain data quality ) .
Before we allow website users to access their personal information , for example , we verify their identity by prompting them to submit information such as their login name and password .
We will retain your information for as long as permitted for legitimate business purposes .
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements .
Back to top .
How do I ask a question or file a complaint
ZeniMax Media Inc .
1370 Piccard Drive , Suite 120
Rockville , MD 20850
You may also contact TRUSTe here
By using this website , you signify your assent to the ZeniMax Online Privacy Policy .
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy , please do not use this website .
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy .
If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy and , if necessary , give you additional choices regarding such change prior to the material change becoming effective .
All non-material changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted .
Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes .
Your continued use of this website will signify your acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , these changes .
2013 ZeniMax Media Inc .
Trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
All Rights Reserved .
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Legal Info | Contact Us

Ziff Davis , Inc .
This Privacy Policy describes what information Ziff Davis and certain third parties gather , how we collect it , our information sharing practices , how users may change the way their information is collected and more .
Part 1- 'Personal Information '
Personal Information generally means information which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include information such as your name , address , age , credit card details , email and phone number .
We collect such personal information when you provide it to us , such as when you :
Subscribe to the PC Magazine Digital Edition
Register with any of our Ziff Davis B2B sites including Toolbox.com
Purchase software license or a product
Sign up for email newsletters or white papers
Register for site membership including My IGN
Create a profile or
Otherwise communicate with us .
Several of the services that we offer require registration as a condition of use .
We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and add it to the information you have provided to us .
Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in our forums , blogs , wikis , chat rooms , or other publicly accessible interaction , or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users to upload or post content .
We discourage users from posting personally identifiable information in this fashion , and any personally identifiable information you post to these areas is not covered by this Policy .
You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page .
Part 2- Other Information We Collect :
Web Beacons are electronic files that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies .
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us , we may use web beacons , customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information .
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard disk by a Web page server .
Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you .
Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer .
Like many other web sites , Ziff Davis sites use cookies to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience .
We may use a cookie to identify members so they do not have to re-enter a user ID and password when they wish to download a utility , post to a discussion , or sign into an account .
As another example , cookies can be used to control the number of times you see advertisements , like pop-ups .
By allowing us to better understand how users interact with the site over time , cookies can also help us improve your experience and deliver more relevant content to you .
Cookies may be created directly by our sites for these purposes , or by third-party companies operating on our behalf .
Pixel Tags , also known as clear gifs , beacons , spotlight tags or web bugs , are a method for passing information from the user 's computer to a third party Web site .
Used in conjunction with cookies , Ziff Davis may use pixel tags to improve our understanding of site traffic , visitor behavior , and response to promotional campaigns .
Pixel tags are also used as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement , and are sometimes used in conjunction with small Javascript-based applications .
We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies for the same purpose .
We use clear gifs in our HTML based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients .
You need not have cookies turned on to visit all of our sites , though cookies may be required in order for you to participate in certain areas .
If you choose to become a member of certain Ziff Davis websites , you must have cookies enabled to access any member related pages ( i.e. , Discussion Boards , Member Profile pages , Search for a Member ) .
IP Addresses are a unique string of numbers that identifies each computer attached to the Internet .
We use IP Addresses to analyze trends , administer our web sites , track users ' movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
IP addresses that we collect are sometimes linked to personally identifiable information .
We use registration and email addresses that you provide together with IP Addresses and other information we collect as described in this policy , to understand our customer base and to market services and products to our customers .
To improve the quality of the some of our services , we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties .
For example , if you access My IGN ( my.ign.com ) or IGN content through third party services ( such as Roku or Hulu ) through a third-party connection or log-in , we may also collect your user ID and/or user name associated with that third-party service , or any information you have made public in connection with that service or which the third party shares with us .
What We Provide to Third Parties
Statistical Reports and Mailing Lists The aggregate statistics that describe our online audience , which are often based on the information you provide when you subscribe , register , or browse our sites , help us sell advertising and otherwise publicize Ziff Davis and our brands .
In addition , we make certain information such as the name of our users , their mailing address , phone number , email addresses , and in certain circumstances their employer 's name , company size and other industry data available on a rental or other basis ( e.g . sale ) to third party providers of goods and services .
To learn how you can make choices about how this information is used or shared , please visit the How You Can Change or Control What is Collected section below .
Email Deployment , Data Analysis E-Commerce and Other Services We provide customer lists , email addresses and other information to third party companies and contractors who provide us with specialized services , such as email message deployment , merge-purge ( identifying and removing duplicate addresses ) , subscription fulfillment , and customer support and service , research , statistical analysis , data and website hosting and other data and transaction processing .
These companies work on our behalf and we do not provide our lists or other data to them for their own , permanent use .
Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service .
They should also maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose .
Please note that we engage third party service providers for the purpose of processing sales of subscriptions , to fulfill your orders for product purchases , to honor your request to be removed from promotional mailings , or other services .
These service providers have access to or are provided with certain personal information ( including credit card information ) in order to provide us with the applicable service .
Webcasts At times we produce and host sponsored webcasts for a variety of companies ( Sponsors ) .
Data collected during the registration process and the actual event may be shared with those Sponsors and others , and is governed by our policy and the third party 's privacy policy and may be used by us and the Sponsor for follow-up purposes .
Contests/Sweepstakes Data collected during the registration for contests and sweepstakes is used by us and may be shared with sponsors .
Please read the contest rules carefully before you submit your data .
Co-Branded Sites and Services When you use a co-branded service ( a service operated with a service or site partner of Ziff Davis ) , or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site , you grant us permission to pass the information collected back to that service or site partner .
Use of your information by such partners is subject to their privacy policies as well as ours .
White Papers/Other Sponsored Downloads Ziff Davis hosts product listings and offers informational downloads for a variety of third party vendors .
When registration is required in order to receive or view the download , some or all data collected during product registration and/or Ziff Davis web site registration may be shared with the vendor ( and other third parties ) .
Ecommerce When shopping on certain of our sites or pages , users may need to provide personally identifiable information necessary to fulfill an online order , including name , billing address , shipping address , telephone number , email address , credit card number ( with expiration date ) , and any of the above information needed to send a package to a gift recipient .
If a user creates an account , the credit card information above will not be stored under their account .
When placing an order , credit card information may be either temporarily stored on a Ziff Davis server and then immediately transferred to a secure server of a PCI compliant third party or will be immediately entered onto a secure server of a PCI compliant third party .
We partner with a number of third parties to process and fulfill orders , send transactional emails , and ensure delivery of downloads and packages .
While these third parties may have access to personal information in order to perform their duties , they are not permitted to use it for other purposes .
What Third parties and Ziff Davis May Collect
Online Ad Serving .
Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers use third-party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites .
Often , these third-party advertising companies employ cookie , pixel tag and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of Web and e-mail advertisement and to create a record of interaction with our site content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites , or for reporting web site traffic , statistics , advertisement data and/or other activities on our sites .
We will also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data .
The specific providers we use are subject to change .
As of the date of the posting of this policy , some of the current providers include DoubleClick , Omniture SiteCatalyst , comScore , and Google Analytics ( for information about how to opt out of tracking methods for these entities and others click here ) .
What Ziff Davis does with the Information it Collects
How we use personal information is described in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties .
We use email addresses to send offers of services or products ( and as set forth in the Section What We Provide to Third Parties ) .
Any recipient will be able to unsubscribe from receiving these emails .
Other Information : Ad Serving and Ziff Davis .
At times we display ads both on our network of owned and operated web sites and on non-Ziff Davis web sites .
When you visit one of our web sites or view ads that we serve off of our network elsewhere on the Internet , you may see multiple kinds of ads , such as text ads next to search results and graphical ads shown on web pages .
Sometimes these ads are based on the content of the page on which they appear .
Other times these ads are generated by matching the ad to your interests as inferred from your browsing activities collected online .
Either way , Ziff Davis tries to show you relevant ads , and to do so , we may use information we know or receive about you like your gender , location or interests .
Interest-based Ads : We use cookies , Javascript , pixel tags and other technology to collect information about your visit ( Online Data ) to our sites and other third party partner websites that we do not own or operate but with whom we have agreements .
We analyze what pages you visit on our sites and the third party sites , what products or services you view , and whether you view or click on ads that are shown to you .
We use this information to send you interest based ads .
All such data is also collected anonymously , and is aggregated with other data we collect and/or similar data collected by partners to create segments , groups of users and certain general interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on ( a ) demographic or interest data , and a general geographic location derived from your IP address , ( b ) the pages you view and links you click when using our sites and services and those of our partners , and/or ( c ) the search terms you enter when using certain search services .
We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests .
We store page views , clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you ( such as your name , e-mail address ) which we obtained as described above under Personal Information and in some situations we combine the two sets of data .
We will engage third party providers to assist with the collection , storage and segmentation of this Online Data ; and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information .
These efforts do not result in the collection of personally identifiable information such as name or address ; and we do not intentionally collect data that we consider to be sensitive such as health or medical information .
This data is not sold or transferred to any third party .
Except as may be set forth elsewhere in this policy , this Online Data is retained for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire except in certain situations when the same user subsequently visits one of our sites or a partner 's site in which event the 180 day period will commence again .
To allow other users to find you .
In order to locate My IGN Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world , we allows users to search for members using information the user already knows , such as username , full name , or gamer profile , and identifies users matching that search information .
How You Can Change or Control what is Collected
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis .
You may stop or restrict cookies on your computer or purge them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences .
If you would prefer that we not collect anonymous data that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you , opt out by clicking this icon AdChoices
However , if you 'turn off ' , purge or disable cookies , although you may still use our websites , you may not be able to use all of the features , functions or services available on our websites .
Please click here to learn more about the use of cookies , your opt out choices , and more .
Ziff Davis supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance ( for more information click here ) , and has Evidon Inc. 's assurance platform to comply with these Principles .
As part of this service , online ads that we place using behavioral data we collect are expected to be delivered with the Advertising Option Icon ( also referred to as the Forward i ) or similar icon that helps consumers understand how their data is being used and provides choices for consumers who want more control .
Online advertisements on our sites targeted to you based on previously collected online data about you by third parties should also have the Advertising Option Icon .
This icon is also at the bottom of each of our web pages .
The Advertising Option icon provides information ( and links to other information ) on online behavioral ads , who is collecting and using your online data , how you can opt out and more .
You can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable Javascript ; or there are commercial software packages available that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements .
Updating Your Registration Information .
You can correct or change the information collected during site registration at any time at the profile page links shown below or by sending email to the addresses shown below .
Please allow five to ten business days for corrections or changes to be publicly displayed or implemented throughout our systems .
Your Newsletter Subscriptions .
You can opt-in to newsletter mailing lists , or remove yourself at any time through the newsletter subscription management page ( this page will display all of your newsletter subscriptions ) or by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters you receive .
Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect .
Your Subscription Information .
You can correct or change your PC Magazine Digital Edition subscription information and your preferences as to our ability to provide your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes click here .
Please allow two to four weeks for changes to take effect ( if you are a new subscriber , your information may not be immediately available at this URL please allow up to four weeks from placing your subscription order for processing ) .
You can correct or change your Toolbox.com subscriptions and preferences using the account settings here .
Please note member service-related communications are an integral part of the Toolbox.com service to which you subscribe and you will continue to receive these emails as part of the Toolbox.com service .
Stop Sharing of Lists .
Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from the third party providers of goods and services to whom we provide lists of our customers , but here is what to do if you no longer wish for us to share this information with such providers :
Please allow up to ten business days for any changes to be implemented throughout our systems .
Other Useful Information Regarding Your Privacy
Change of Ownership of Ziff Davis .
Some or all personal information maintained by Ziff Davis may be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of ownership of Ziff Davis or sale of any part of Ziff Davis .
We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to our websites secure and to only release this information to third parties that share our commitment to privacy .
However , we can not guarantee there will not be a breach and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties .
Ziff Davis web sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under 13 .
No one under age 13 should provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas , forums , and chats .
Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from making purchases on our sites .
If , notwithstanding these prohibitions , your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , consequences may occur that are not intended for children ( e.g. , they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties ) .
Links to Other Sites .
Ziff Davis web site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours .
We do not have control over the information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties .
You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected .
Compliance with Law and Other Terms .
Subject to applicable law , we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or engages in ( or we have grounds to believe is engaging in ) any illegal activity , and to release information in response to court and governmental orders , other enforceable requests from government entities , civil subpoenas , discovery requests and otherwise as required by law .
We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights , property , safety or security of Ziff Davis , any of our users or the public , or to respond to an emergency .
Ziff Davis operates websites hosted in the United States and , depending on your country of residence , the submission of personally identifiable information to our sites may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States .
You understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States .
You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence .
Please visit our Terms of Use page for more information concerning your use of Ziff Davis websites and other services .
The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy .
Changes to the Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time , and all changes will be effective at the time we post them .
If we believe there is a significant change , we may indicate on our sites that our Privacy Policy has changed .
The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions .
Your continued access to or use of any of our sites shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy .
We urge you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you .

At Zillow ( `` Zillow '' or `` we '' or `` us '' or `` our '' ) , we appreciate your use of and contributions to our websites , our mobile and desktop applications , our other properties and/or our related services ( collectively known as the `` Services , '' or , each individually , a `` Service '' ) .
Zillow respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information .
This is our privacy policy and we will comply with it , as well as applicable U.S. privacy law , when we gather and use information from users of the Services .
We encourage you to read this privacy policy to understand what we do with the information we collect from you .
The Services and our extensive set of features are generally funded through advertising dollars .
This advertising revenue helps keep Zillow free of charge for our personal user community .
It also allows us to explore and build new features .
We strive to make advertisements relevant and useful to you .
Therefore , we may serve advertisements to you based on the information we collect from you or in relation to your interaction with the Services .
We pledge to be transparent about the information we monitor and collect from you .
We keep information private between you and Zillow , except as explained below .
When you use the Services , we collect a variety of information .
Information you provide .
When using the Services , you may provide information about yourself , such as name , address , phone number , e-mail and details around a potential transaction .
This may occur , for example , when you register on Zillow , claim a home , correspond with a real estate agent via the Services , or complete other forms , such as a loan request .
You may also provide information about a third party through the Services , for example , if you share a real estate listing with a recipient via email .
We may combine this information with other information we collect from your interaction with the Services or from other companies .
In addition , when you order products or services through the Services , Zillow may collect your credit/debit card information .
This information is secured using industry-standard encryption technology .
Zillow will use this information solely to complete your order and will not share this information with outside parties , except to the extent necessary to complete the order or comply with applicable law .
In the event that a credit report is required to use a Service , Zillow may collect your Social Security number ( `` SSN '' ) .
This information is secured using industry-standard encryption technology .
Zillow restricts access to SSNs to employees , vendors and subcontractors who require SSNs to support certain products and services .
Zillow strives to protect SSNs from unlawful disclosure and to keep them confidential by maintaining physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable state and federal regulations .
Cookies and Web beacons .
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to your computer or other electronic device to uniquely identify your browser .
When you use the Services , we may place one or more cookies on your computer or other electronic device .
We may use cookies to connect your activity on the Services with other information we store about you in your account profile or your prior interactions on the Services to , for example , store your preferences .
The use of cookies helps us improve the quality of the Services to you , by identifying information which is most interesting to you , tracking trends , measuring the effectiveness of advertising , or storing information you may want to retrieve on a regular basis , such as your favorite homes .
At any time , you may adjust settings on your browser to refuse cookies according to the instructions related to your browser .
However , if you choose to disable cookies , many of the free features and Services on Zillow will not operate properly .
Also , the pages on the Services may include Web beacons , which are electronic files to count users who have visited that page , to identify certain cookies on the computer or other electronic device accessing that page , or to collect other related information .
Third-party Cookies and Web beacons .
We work with service providers and advertising networks to track and manage cookie information and your activities while you 're using the Services .
For example , third-parties may use cookies to deliver advertisements to you based on your visit to the Services .
You may opt-out of cookie tracking and analysis from any of these service providers and advertising networks by Opting Out of Collection of Information , which is explained further below .
Some pages of the Services may use third-party Web beacons from Yahoo ! In addition to our use of the data to analyze visitor activity on the Services , Yahoo ! may use anonymous information about your visit in order to improve its products and services and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you .
We have implemented Google Analytics remarketing , which tracks and manages cookie information so that we and third-party service providers can better deliver advertisements that are relevant and useful to you on Zillow websites and various websites across the Internet .
We have also implemented Google Analytics display network impression reporting to better understand how ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our sites .
You can customize ads or opt out of these services using the Google Ads Settings .
Mobile Device and Mobile Browser .
You may adjust settings on your mobile device and mobile browser regarding cookies and sharing of certain information , such as your mobile device model or the language your mobile device uses , by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device .
Please refer to the instructions provided by your mobile service provider or mobile device manufacturer .
When you use the Services , your computer or other electronic device communicates a variety of information to computer servers , including the existence of cookies , your Internet Protocol address , and information about your browser program .
We also create a record of what information you are requesting , such as the page or subject areas you 're visiting .
If you use the social networking connection functions offered through the Services , we may access all of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with this privacy policy .
Please refer to the instructions governing your social network account to manage the information that is shared through your account .
Calls to Zillow or to third parties through Zillow may be recorded or monitored for quality assurance and customer service purposes .
If a call is recorded between you and a third party , it will be deemed private information of both you and the third party , and may be released to either of you .
In general , Zillow uses the information collected from you to communicate with you and operate our Services .
Zillow also uses this information to respond to your requests and present you with advertising that we believe will be of interest or useful to you .
Your privacy is important and we are committed to protecting information that identifies you personally , where you have chosen to keep it private ( `` Personal Information '' ) .
We will only share Personal Information that you provide outside the public areas of the Services in the following circumstances :
When you consent or direct Zillow to share the Personal Information .
For example , if you choose to contact a real estate agent or lender through the Services , your name and e-mail address will appear to the recipient of the message .
Service providers to Zillow .
When Zillow hires a service provider to help operate the Services or our business , Zillow may give access to Personal Information only as necessary to perform the service for Zillow , and subject to the terms of this privacy policy .
Partners with whom we conduct business .
Zillow may give business partners access to Personal Information only as necessary to offer products and services with those business partners , and subject to the terms of this privacy policy
Legal obligation or protection from harm .
When Zillow has a good faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the Personal Information is reasonably necessary to ( a ) satisfy any requirement of law , regulation , legal process , or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Terms of Use , ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise respond to fraud , security or technical concerns , ( d ) support auditing and compliance functions , or ( e ) protect the rights , property , or safety of Zillow , its users , or the public against harm .
Merger or sale .
If and when Zillow is involved in a merger , acquisition , or any form of transfer or sale of some or all of its business , whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy , liquidation , or similar proceeding .
Personal Information may be transferred along with the business .
When you provide public information without identifying yourself , we will protect your personal identity as described above .
If your account profile does not identify you personally , Zillow wo n't reveal your identity to third parties except in accordance with this policy .
You should keep in mind that the information that you choose to provide in a public area of the Services ( such as your profile page or the discussion forums ) will not be protected by this privacy policy because you have made an active choice to make that information public .
We are not responsible for any Personal Information you choose to submit in any public area of the Services .
When we deliver ads based on data about your use of the Services , we keep your identity anonymous .
We wo n't identify you personally to third parties , except in accordance with this privacy policy .
Of course , if you choose to respond to an advertised offer with your name and contact information , you will no longer be anonymous to the advertiser .
Further , while we do not share your Personal Information with third parties unless permitted above , Zillow may share aggregate anonymous information with third-parties .
This information does not personally identify individuals , but instead provides a helpful understanding of the groups of people who prefer certain types of information and services .
Zillow strives to provide open and transparent information about real estate markets .
For example , we make available past sales prices for homes , and allow any user to post a question or answer about a given home .
Many times , this information is already publicly available .
As long as discussion surrounds real estate and not individuals , we intend to keep this information freely available through the Services .
Where a professional participates in the Zillow community , we may also allow users to comment on the professional , such as the lender ratings in the Zillow Mortgage Marketplace .
You may receive e-mail from Zillow for a variety of reasons - for example , if you took an action through the Services , you signed up for a regular report , or you posted your home for sale and a buyer sent you a message .
We respect your desire to manage e-mail correspondence .
If you have an account with Zillow , you can select your preferences through your account tools .
Also , you can manage your receipt of some types of communication by following the instructions included in the e-mail we send you .
Please note that , even if you unsubscribe from certain e-mail correspondences , we may still need to e-mail you with important transactional or administrative information .
Opting Out of Collection of Information by Third Parties
Zillow 's third-party ad servers , ad network providers , and third-party advertisers ( the `` Zillow Ad Providers '' ) may provide you with advertisements that you may see on the Services or on other affiliated websites .
To improve the relevancy and help measure the effectiveness of such advertisements , the Zillow Ad Providers may use cookies , Web beacons , clear .gifs or similar technologies .
These are used to record users ' activity , such as the pages visited , and to learn what types of information are of most interest to the users .
Zillow Ad Providers .
Use of these technologies by Zillow Ad Providers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy policy .
Click here to learn more about Zillow Ad Providers participating in the Network Advertising Initiative , and the choices you have about these technologies ( such as opting-out ) .
Zillow has relationships with the following services : Advertising.com , Atlas , DoubleClick , Google , Intercept , Right Media and BlueKai The Network Advertising Initiative offers some centralized opt-out tools ; otherwise you must visit each provider 's website individually and opt out .
Zillow marketing service providers .
If you do not want Zillow and its marketing services providers to follow your usage of our Services via cookies and Web beacons , you can opt out of Cookies/Web beacons from : comScore , Google Analytics , Omniture and Yahoo ! Opting out of these services does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising .
It does mean that the service from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns .
Zillow can provide you with helpful information based on where you are .
If you tell Zillow where you are ( eg. , by allowing your mobile device to send Zillow your location ) , Zillow may use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising .
If you wish to deactivate this feature , you can disable location services on your mobile device .
Windows Live Virtual Earth
Windows Live Virtual Earth imagery is supplied by Microsoft Corporation , and use is subject to the Microsoft MapPoint Privacy Statement .
Throughout the Services , we may link to the websites of other companies and/or individuals .
Further , certain functionalities on Zillow may involve the distribution of your listing information to third-party websites .
These third-party websites may collect Personal Information about users on those websites , and Zillow 's privacy policy does not extend to these external websites and third parties .
Please refer directly to these third parties and websites regarding their privacy policies .
To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to granting access or making corrections .
You understand that when you join Zillow Rentals , you will be added to the Zillow Rentals Directory , which is available to all Zillow Rentals users and which may be made publicly available .
The directory information may include certain Personal Information you provide to us , such as your name , email and other contact information , unless you opt out of including such information in your directory listing by editing the settings in your Zillow Rentals account .
The folio portion of Agentfolio ( the `` Folio '' ) is a collaborative workspace for all users who have access to that Folio .
Listings added to the Folio , and the comments associated with them , are visible to all users of the Folio .
For a prospective homebuyer ( s ) ( the `` Client '' ) collaborating on a Folio with a real estate professional ( the `` Professional '' ) , the Professional will have access to the information submitted by Client , such as email address and name , a summary of the recent interactions that a user or user ( s ) had with a Folio and the Client 's search criteria .
When a real estate brokerage ( the `` Brokerage '' ) uses certain Agentfolio products , such as the Lead Manager product , the Brokerage will have access to the information submitted by Professionals , such as email address , title , and name , and a summary of the recent interactions that a Professional had with certain Folios .
For additional information , please e-mail us or visit our online help site .
Children Under the Age of 13
Zillow will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person under the age of 13 .
The Services are not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13 .
Storage , Security and Retention of Information
Personal Information will be processed and stored by Zillow in databases hosted in the United States .
Zillow has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us , including , but not limited to , setup of processes , equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information .
No transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure , however , so please always use caution when submitting Personal Information .
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as you have an active account , as needed to provide you with the Services , to comply with our legal , financial reporting , or compliance obligations , and to enforce this privacy policy .
While we are ready to assist you in managing the Personal Information you provide to us , we can not always delete records due to financial reporting , compliance , or other reasons .
Please note that this policy may be amended from time to time .
You should check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy .
By using the Services , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy .

At Zip-Codes.com , we are committed to protecting online user privacy .
This `` Privacy Policy '' discloses the privacy practices governing our knowing collection , use , and disclosure of information .
In order to ensure your privacy , information we collect is used only in the manner and for the purposes described below .
Zip-Codes.com collects some anonymous information each time you visit Zip-Codes.com so we can improve the overall quality of your online experience .
We collect your IP address , referral data , and browser and platform type .
We do not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , e-mail address , etc . ) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information .
Zip-Codes.com does not require you to share information that identifies you personally , such as your name or email address , in order for you to use the Zip-Codes.com search..
We analyze this information to examine trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use .
Zip-Codes.com may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed .
We use this information to understand and improve the quality of the Zip-Codes.com search .
We use a feature of Internet web browsers called a `` cookie , '' which is a small file that is sent to your computer when you visit a website .
This enables us to store user preferences and track user trends and search patterns .
We use cookies to improve the quality of our services and to better understand how users interact with us .
We do not and can not use Cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information .
The cookie technology we use can not obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus .
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent .
However , some our features or services may not function properly without cookies .
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data .
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services .
Aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you .
Information sharing : We may share personally identifying information to other companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances :
We have your consent .
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf .
When this is done , it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures .
When required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a criminal investigation , a court order , or legal process served on our Web site .
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , or as otherwise required by law .
Zip-Codes.com may use third party service providers to serve ads and emails on our behalf .
These companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to Zip-Codes.com so that we can provide a better search experience to you .
For this purpose , we may also provide these third parties service providers anonymous information about your site navigation .
Third Party Information Gathering
Zip-Codes.com includes content and ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein .
These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer , collect data or solicit personal information .
For more information about each third party content provider , cookies , and how to `` opt-out '' , please refer to such third party advertiser 's privacy policy Zip-Codes.com contains links to other sites on the Web .
Please be aware that Zip-Codes.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites .
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information .
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site .
Zip-Codes.com does not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 18 years of age nor do we knowingly use or share personal information from users under 18 years of age with third parties .
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to the business of Zip-Codes.com , we reserve the right to include any or all stored personal information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company .
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or revise this privacy policy from time to time .
We will post these changes to this page .
Use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used .

ZocDoc , Inc. ( us , we , or ZocDoc ) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers , visitors , and other users of ZocDoc.com ( the Site ) and services provided by ZocDoc through the Site ( collectively , the Services ) .
We created this Privacy Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Services , and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy .
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to our Site and information obtained by us from any of our marketing affiliates , and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site or any website of ZocDoc 's business partners , each of which may have data collection , storage , and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy .
Your use of the Services is governed by this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use .
BY USING THE SITE , SERVICES , AND/OR BY REGISTERING WITH US , YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY , AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT THAT WE WILL TRACK , COLLECT , USE , AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS .
IF YOU ARE REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT OR USING THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY OTHER THAN YOURSELF , YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL 'S OR ENTITY 'S BEHALF .
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site : ( 1 ) IP addresses ; ( 2 ) domain servers ; ( 3 ) types of computers accessing the Site ; ( 4 ) types of web browsers used to access the Site ; ( 5 ) referring source which may have sent you to the Site ; and ( 6 ) other information associated with the interaction of your browser and the Site ( collectively Traffic Data ) .
In order for you to access certain areas of the Site or certain Services where it is important for us to know who you are so that we can best meet your needs , we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ( Personal Information ) .
Personal Information includes the following categories of information : ( 1 ) contact data ( such as your e-mail address , phone number and ZocDoc password ) ; ( 2 ) demographic data ( such as your gender , your date of birth and your zip code ) ; ( 3 ) insurance data ( such as your insurance carrier and insurance plan ) ; and ( 4 ) medical data ( such as the previous doctors , dentists or other health care providers ( Providers ) you visited , your reason for visiting Providers , your date of visiting Providers , your medical history , and other medical and health information you choose to share with us ) .
If you communicate with us by , for example , e-mail or letter , any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information .
Interactive and Installed Tools
We also collect other information , some of which may be Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to use some of the Services ' interactive tools and services ( Interactive Tools ) , such as searching for Providers , searching for available appointments with Providers , and completing medical history forms ( `` Medical History Forms '' ) prior to Provider appointments .
We also collect information you provide voluntarily in free-form text boxes on the Site and through responses to surveys , questionnaires and the like .
Some of the free Interactive Tools on our Site ask you for health-related Personal Information .
You may elect to use certain Services available through the Site that require you to download and install software on your computer ( Installed Tools ) .
The Installed Tools may collect and transmit information from your computer system solely relating to use of the Installed Tools and for the purpose of providing you the relevant Services , for example , by informing ZocDoc when a user is logged on and available to receive update or alert notices .
We may use small computer files that are transferred to your computer 's hard drive that contain information such as user ID , user preferences , lists of pages visited and activities conducted while browsing the Site ( Cookies ) to help us improve our Site by tracking your navigation habits and to store some of your preferences .
Generally , we use Cookies to customize your experience on our Site and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site .
Cookies do not allow our site to gain access to other information on your computer .
At your option , expense and responsibility , you may block Cookies or delete Cookies from your hard drive .
However , by disabling Cookies , you may not have access to the entire set of features of the Site .
In addition , our business partners may use Cookies to provide us with anonymous data and information regarding the use of our Services .
Specifically , some of our business partners use Cookies to show ZocDoc ads on other sites on the internet as a result of you using the Services .
Such Cookies do not contain any Personal Information .
You may opt out of receiving Cookies placed by such third party vendors by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page .
Other Cookies used by our business partners may collect other non-personally identifying information , such as the computer 's IP address , type of operating system , type of internet browsing software , what web pages were viewed at what time , the geographic location of your internet service provider and demographic information , such as gender and age range .
This information is used to provide ZocDoc with more information about our users ' demographics and internet behaviors .
We do not link the information stored in these Cookies directly to any of your Personal Information you submit while on the Site .
In limited circumstances we also may use tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or email that provide a presence on the web page or email and send back to its home server information from the user 's browser ( Web Beacons ) to collect anonymous , non-personal information about your use of our Services and the sites of selected sponsors and advertisers , and your use of emails , special promotions or newsletters we send to you .
The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Services and selected sponsors ' and advertisers ' sites , or opening our emails , and for what purposes .
We may use third party website analytics services in connection with the Services , for example , to record mouse clicks , mouse movements , scrolling activity , as well as any text that you type into the Site .
These website analytics services do not collect Personal Information that you do not voluntarily enter into the Site .
These services do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services .
We use the information collected from these services to find usability problems to make the Services easier to use .
The recordings will never identify you or your account ; they only record anonymous user information .
We store all Traffic Data and review postings indefinitely , even after deletion , and may archive such information elsewhere .
We store all Personal Information until you request that we modify or delete it , in which case we may still retain certain Personal Information for the reasons described in Section 20 below .
Information Provided on Behalf of Children
ZocDoc does not collect information from children under the age of 13 in accordance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) as discussed below .
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor child , you may , in compliance with the Terms of Use , use the Services on behalf of such minor child .
Any information that you provide us while using the Services on behalf of your minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein .
Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act
COPPA severely restricts what information can be collected from children under the age of 13 .
For this reason , children under the age of 13 in the United States are prohibited from using the Services .
The Services are not directed at children , and ZocDoc does not knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 13 .
If we learn that we have received any information from an individual under the age of 13 , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child ( or a parent or legal guardian ) to inform him or her that he or she can not use the Services and subsequently we will delete that information from our own servers .
ZocDoc 's Use of Your Information
We may use your Personal Information to recommend certain resources or Providers .
We may use your contact data to send you information about ZocDoc or our products or Services , to contact you when necessary , including to remind you of upcoming or follow-up appointments , and in conjunction with your use of certain Interactive Tools .
We may use your demographic data , Traffic Data , insurance data or medical data to customize and tailor your experience through the Services , in emails and in other communications , displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences .
Use of the Services may require ZocDoc to use your Personal Information to allow your Providers to refer you to , and make appointments with , other Providers on your behalf .
We may also use your anonymized Personal Information to run ( or authorize third parties to run ) statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends .
Such research would only use your Personal Information in an anonymous manner that can not be tied directly back to you .
We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy , including as described below :
You may choose to authorize ZocDoc to share your Personal Information with selected Providers .
For example , if you elect to complete a Medical History Form using the Services in advance of an appointment , we may share your Medical History Form with your Providers if you agree that we may do so .
We may share your contact data , Traffic Data , demographic data , insurance data and medical data with Providers you choose to schedule through the Services .
In order to customize your advertising interactions , we may share Personal Information with marketing affiliates and other third parties only on an aggregate ( i.e. , anonymized ) basis .
We may share your anonymized Personal Information with third parties to enable them to run statistical research on individual or aggregate health or medical trends .
We share Personal Information and Traffic Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services ( such as hosting , billing , fulfillment , or data storage and security ) related to our operation of the Services and/or by making certain Interactive Tools available to our users .
Those business partners shall be bound to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy , and they will only use your contact data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to ZocDoc and to provide your requested medical care and services .
We may share your contact data with our subcontractors to enable them to send you ZocDoc promotional materials .
These subcontractors will only use your contact data to send you ZocDoc promotional materials .
We may share certain marketing metrics including , but not limited to , anonymized Personal Information and non-personal Information , with our business partners to help determine the effectiveness of certain advertising campaigns .
We may transfer information about you to another company in connection with a merger , sale or acquisition by or of ZocDoc .
In this event , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy .
ZocDoc does not share , sell , rent or trade your Personal Information with any third parties for their promotional purposes .
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information .
In such an event , you can still access and use some of the Services ; however you will not be able to access and use certain key features of the Services that require your Personal Information .
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties , unless we believe in good faith that disclosure of your Personal Information or any other information we collect about you is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with a court order or other legal process ; ( 2 ) protect the rights , property or safety of ZocDoc or another party ; ( 3 ) enforce our Terms of Use ; or ( 4 ) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties .
Doctors , dentists , their employees , and their agents should be particularly aware of their obligations of patient confidentiality , including without limitation their obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) , both in communicating with ZocDoc and in responding to a review of their services posted on our Site .
ZocDoc does not have , and will not accept , any obligations of confidentiality with respect to any communications other than those expressly stated in this Privacy Policy and ZocDoc 's Terms of Use .
Any information that you may reveal in a review posting or other online discussion or forum is intentionally open to the public and is not in any way private .
You should think carefully before disclosing any personally identifiable information in any public forum .
What you have written may be seen and/or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict .
The security of your Personal Information is important to us .
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it .
For example , when you enter sensitive information on our Site , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) .
Although we make good faith efforts to store Personal Information in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public , you should understand that there is no such thing as complete security , and we do not guarantee that there will be no unintended disclosures of your Personal Information .
If we become aware that your Personal Information has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Policy , we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the nature and extent of the disclosure ( to the extent we know that information ) as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law .
Lost or Stolen Information
You must promptly notify us if your contact data is lost , stolen , or used without permission .
In such an event , we will remove that contact data from your account and update our records accordingly .
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right , at any time , to add to , change , update , or modify this Privacy Policy so please review it frequently .
If we do , then we will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site ; we may also attempt to notify you in some other way .
In all cases , use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected .
Controlling Your Personal Information
As a registered user of the Services , you can modify some of the Personal Information you have included in your profile or change your username by logging in and accessing your account .
Upon your request , ZocDoc will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your account and the Personal Information in your profile ; however , it may be impossible to remove your account without some residual information being retained by ZocDoc .
ZocDoc has no obligation to delete any data or information you provide on a Medical History Form following termination of your account or the account of any Provider to whom your Medical History Form was submitted through the Services .
Links to Other Websites
The Site contains links to third party websites to which ZocDoc has no affiliation .
ZocDoc does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices .
Some websites may have the look and feel of our Site .
Please be aware that you may be on a different site and that this Privacy Policy only covers our Site .
A link to a non-ZocDoc website does not constitute or imply endorsement by ZocDoc .
Additionally , we can not guarantee the quality or accuracy of information presented on non-ZocDoc websites .
Should you decide to visit one of these third party websites , we suggest that you read its privacy policy .
ZocDoc , Inc .
New York , NY 10012
Phone : ( 855 ) 962-3621
Fax : ( 800 ) 701-9607
Last Updated on October 3 , 2012 .
Copyright 2007-2013 ZocDoc , Inc .
All Rights Reserved .

Last updated on December 30th , 2011 .
The terms `` we '' , `` us '' , and `` Zomato '' refer to zomato.com and the terms `` you '' and `` your '' refer to you , as a user of zomato.com .
The term `` personal information '' means information that you provide to us which personally identifies you to be contacted or identified , such as your name , phone number , email address , and any other data that is tied to such information .
By using Zomato , you agree to be bound by terms of this privacy policy .
If you do not agree with these terms , do not use Zomato .
Information we collect and how we use it
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of personal information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified below .
If we use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected , then we will ask you for your consent prior to such use .
If you create an account to take advantage of the full range of services offered on Zomato , we ask for and record personal information such as your name and email address .
We use your email address to send you updates , news , and newletters ( if you willingly subscribe to the newsletter during signup , or anytime after sign up ) and contact you on behalf of other users ( such as other users who send you compliments , personal messages , or favorite reviews ) .
Zomato also provides you with the facility of sms discount coupons .
Zomato reserves the right to share the phone number on which the coupon was sent to with the business whose coupon was downloaded .
This is done to ensure that only legitimate discount coupon downloads are used at the business .
Otherwise , any telephone number entered as part of the account information and which has not downloaded an sms discount coupon will not be shared with any third party .
Some restaurants also use Zomato IVR systems to help customers connect to their businesses .
In order to increase Zomato 's value to its customers , Zomato may use these phone numbers of customers obtained through the IVR for marketing relevant restaurant and food information .
However , Zomato assures that this information will not be made public or sold to any third party .
Only the restaurant business that a particular customer connects to will have access to specific information about that customer .
Zomato is not liable for misuse of this information by these specific restaurant businesses or persons related to these restaurant businesses .
We store and may publicly display your submissions in order to provide the services that we offer .
When we display your submissions , we do so together with your account name ( first name and last initial ) .
The term `` submissions '' refers to the information that you submit or post to Zomato for public display , such as business ratings , reviews , photos , compliments , and the information that you display as part of your account profile .
If you contact us to provide feedback , register a complaint , or ask a question , we will record any personal information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication .
We record information relating to your use of Zomato , such as the searches you undertake , the pages you view , your browser type , IP address , location , requested URL , referring URL , and timestamp information .
We use this type of information to administer Zomato and provide the highest possible level of service to you .
We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of Zomato .
You can not be identified from this aggregate information .
We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely indentify your browser and improve the quality of our service .
The term `` cookies '' refers to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site .
We may use both session cookies ( which expire once you close your browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) .
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions .
If you choose to disable cookies , some areas of Zomato may not work properly or at all .
Zomato uses third party tools , who may collect anonymous information about your visits to Zomato using cookies , and interaction with Zomato products and services .
Such third parties may also use information about your visits to Zomato products and services and other web sites to target advertisements for Zomato 's products and services .
No PII is collected or used in this process .
These third parties do not know or have access to the name , phone number , address , email address , or any personally identifying information about Zomato 's users .
Zomato users can opt-out of sharing this information with third parties by deactivating cookies , the process of which varies by browser to browser .
Please refer to the help file of your browser to understand the process of deactivating Cookies on your browser .
We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of Zomato ( including your personal information ) in order to investigate , enforce , and apply our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
We may distribute your submissions to third parties , as permitted pursuant to our Terms of Service .
The third parties may in turn publicly display or publish your submissions in connection with their own websites and media platforms .
When we distribute your submissions to third parties , we typically include your account name ( but not your personal information unless you include your personal information in your submissions ) .
We may share your personal information with third parties to provide you with services that we offer through Zomato , conduct quality assurance testing , facilitate creation of accounts , provide technical and customer support , or provide specific services , such as synchronization of your contacts with other software applications , in accordance with your instructions .
These third parties are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by you .
We may share your personal information with our parent company , subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under a common control ( collectively , `` Affiliates '' ) that we may have now or in the future , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy .
If another company acquires our company or our assets , that company will possess your personal information , and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy .
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( a ) take action regarding suspected illegal activities ; ( b ) enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy ; ( c ) comply with legal process , such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order ; or ( d ) protect our rights , reputation , and property , or that of our users , affiliates , or the public .
Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant , subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive .
We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to user behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties , such as advertisers and content distributors .
For example , we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to , or clicked on , advertising banners .
You may choose to provide us with another person 's e-mail address so that person may be invited to create an account on this website and become your friend .
We use this information to contact and , if necessary , remind that person about the invitation .
By providing us with another person 's e-mail address , you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the person concerned as regards such disclosure to us of their personal information .
All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations .
We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process , as described above .
Zomato may contain links to third party websites to which we have no affiliation .
Except as set forth herein , we do not share your personal information with those third parties , and are not responsible for their privacy practices .
We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites .
Controlling your personal data
To the extent you include personal information in your submissions ( such as a photo of yourself ) , third parties may be able to identify you , associate you with your user account , and contact you .
Third parties can also associate you with your user account using the member lookup feature on Zomato , but only if the third party already knows your full name and you include information in your submission that allows the third party to distinguish you from other users who might share the same full name .
Please do not include information in your submissions that you expect to keep private .
In addition , you can reduce the risk of being personally identified by choosing a fictitious account name , though doing so could detract from the credibility of your submissions .
As a registered Zomato user , you can modify some of your personal information and your privacy preferences by accessing the `` Account '' section of this website .
For example , you may choose not to receive e-mail solicitations from Zomato by accessing the `` Account '' tab on Zomato ( after signing in ) and updating your newsletter/notification settings .
Your account is password protected .
We use industry standard measures to protect the personal information that is stored in our database .
We limit the access to your personal information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function , such as our customer service personnel .
If you have any questions about the security on Zomato , please contact us .
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that your personal information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy .
You hereby acknowledge that Zomato is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet , and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner .
You may opt-out of receiving any messages or newsletters from us by changing your notification settings under the `` Account '' tab after you log on to Zomato .
Unregistered users who receive e-mails from us may also opt-out of receiving further e-mails by following the instructions contained in our e-mails .
Despite your indicated e-mail preferences , we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy .
Reason for permissions needed on Zomato mobile applications
Reading your address book is required if you need to share the app with your friends ( explicit permission will be sought before this )
SMS permissions are required if you need to share the app with your friends ( again , explicit permission will be sought before this )
Your contact information is sought to enable one click sign-up ( with explicit permissions ) while inside the app and to write reviews for restaurants .
We have a no spam policy .
Terms and modifications to this Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time , and we will post any new versions on this page .
If we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information , we will notify you by sending an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website .
Any such changes will be effective upon the earlier of thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our website .
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of Zomato .
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address .
In the event that the last e-mail you have provided us is not valid , or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above , our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice .
In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes .
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information , you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us .
Continued use of Zomato following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes .
If you believe that Zomato has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may write to Zomato at the following address :
In your email , please describe in as much detail as possible ways in which you believe the Privacy Policy has not been complied with .
We will investigate your complaint promptly .
Contacting the website and access to your personal information
Upon written request , subject to certain exceptions , Zomato will inform you of the existence , use , and disclosure of your personal information and will give you access to that information .
Access requests should be sent to our Privacy Officer , using the contact information above .
When requesting access to your personal information , we may request specific information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access , as well as to search for and provide the personal information that we hold about you .
We may charge you a fee to access your personal information to cover our costs ; however , we will advise you of any fee in advance , which will be no more than any maximum fee prescribed by law .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us using the contact information listed above .

